{"city": "indore", "code": "17611026", "title": "15 MP villagers turn 312 hectare of barren land into man made forest", "text": "INDORE: Even a small initiative can make a big difference and inspire people; a small group of 15 people from an undescriptive village, Takhla Khurd, in Barghat Janpad of Seoni district of Madhya Pradesh has made it a reality. With their hard work, dedication and willpower these 15 people had turned 312.66 hectare of barren land into a dense man made forest which has now become home of small and big wild animals.Forest department of Madhya Pradesh said that, tall trees instead of weed now stands in the 312.66 hectare area in the village as a result of hard work, dedication and willpower on the part of a total of 15 persons. Small and big wild animals are also thriving in this man-made forest. Now, people of the village have also started cultivation of lac in this forest.They have not only turned the barren land into a man made forest but also earned a net income worth Rs 3.41 lakh from sale of about 4,300 lakh kg of lac grown by them from May 3 to November 12. Presently, three self-help groups are undertaking lac cultivation here.People have also constituted a Forest Protection Committee in the village, which is situated in Amagarh Forest Range of South Seoni General Forest Division. The committee has earned about Rs 85,000 from cultivation of bamboo in the protected forest area and about Rs 2000 from the sale of Satkatha rafter.The committee is now making intensive efforts for protecting and augmenting villages. Under Forest Development Agency, saplings of teak, bamboo, khamher, anwla and bahera were planted in the 50 hectare area. Of these, 9,275 plants are still thriving.Besides plantation of the 420 saplings of bamboo and 4,880 of Ketki under Cattle Protection Transit(CPT), works pertaining to stump-dressing, groundwater conservation, lantana eradication and forest augmentation have also been undertaken. The entire forest area is covered by lush green foliage here as a result of efforts put in by the Forest Protection Committee and the Forest Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605047", "title": "Lobbying starts for OUAT V-C post", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Hectic lobbying for the post of the vice-chancellor of Orissa University of Agriculture and Technology (OUAT) started with incumbent DP Ray's second term coming to an end on December 17. A retired IAS officer will compete with four scientists for the coveted post.Rabi Narayan Senapati, who retired as development commissioner recently, is pitted against IIT, Kharagpur faculty member RK Panda, OUAT dean (extension education) Shankarsan Nanda, agriculture scientist Dibakar Nayak, who presently works at the Shillong campus of Central Agricultural University and PK Jena, a fisheries expert of the state government currently on deputation to Indian Council of Agriculture Research (ICAR).Sources said the state agriculture department sent the names of Senapati, Panda and Nanda to the chancellor and governor MC Bhandare, while the ICAR sent the names of Nanda, Nayak and Jena. Though Nanda is a common name in both the panels, OUAT fraternity is speculating if the government is planning to rehabilitate retired bureaucrat Senapati.Though Senapati has no experience in teaching and research of agricultural science like the rest of the candidates, a bureaucrat being considered for the top varsity position is not new for OUAT. Former chief secretary Sahadev Sahu and retired IAS officers RK Bhujabal and K Ramamurthy have previously occupied the post of vice-chancellor in OUAT.Though the governor can choose a candidate from the suggested ones or find someone outside the suggestions, sources said, Senapati remains the top contender for the post. The chief minister's office suggested Senapati's name because he enjoyed an excelled rapport with CM Naveen Patnaik , sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608088", "title": "Are the police going soft on errant qazis?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police commissioner of Task Force on Wednesday, detained a deputy qazi three months after his alleged involvement in conducting contract marriages between foreign nationals and Hyderabadi girls had surfaced in the city.Qazi Mohammad Zaheeruddin, who is in-charge of Sultan Bazaar Qazat Zone, following a TV channel expose in September last which showed his deputy Mohammad Azmatullah Jafri offering to perform a contract marriage at a price, took action against him and placed him under suspension.An NGO followed up the case with the city police commissioner who had promised a probe. \"Why did it take three months for the police to take him into detention?There is already speculation in the public that the police are soft on such erring qazis. Jafri too may be let off soon,\" Sultan Abdullah, a social activist in Moghalpura said.A task force official revealed that Jafri has been taken into custody and is being questioned for his alleged role in contract marriages in the city. He refused to give any details.According to sources the contract marriage is performed for a specified period of time, though it is impermissible in Islam. The Qazi and the brokers make the girl and her parents sign nikah and divorce documents before the wedding takes place after mutually agreeing on fixed amount.Based on that document the foreign national, usually an Arab, could terminate his marriage at will, leave the girl and fly away. \"These kinds of marriages have become too frequent these days. They need to be stopped as they are unlawful,\" Abdullah said.Jafri, a resident of Secunderabad, has previously worked as deputy qazi in other zones too before joining Qazi Zaheeruddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17607374", "title": "Undeterred by water scarcity, civic body manages to save 75% saplings", "text": "AURANGABAD: Severe water scarcity in the region has not stopped the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation from protecting saplings planted in the current season. According to the garden superintendent, Vijay Patil, about 25,000 saplings were planted till September of which 75% plants were still alive.\"Although the rate of survival is not as good as in previous years, it is encouraging as there is a shortage of water in the region. We were doubtful of achieving this figure,\" he said. Till last year, the survival rate was close to 90%. The number of trees plant in the city has also helped the corporation meet the minimum requirement of the guidelines of the Maharashtra Urban Trees Preservation Act, 1975. As per the rules applicable, the AMC should plant a minimum on 10,000 plants every year.Besides, the survival rate of saplings planted on roadsides and road dividers was also quite satisfactory this season, Patil added. Out of a total of 1,500 trees planted along the roads, the corporation managed to conserve 1,300 trees. Patil said that due to less rainfall, the saplings were solely dependent on watering done with the help of tankers.\"Normally, we plant more than 50,000 saplings every year but due to scanty rainfall during the recent monsoon, we could not achieve that figure,\" he said.The task of maintaining greenery in the city was a big challenge. There are only two tankers available with the department each of which does four trips every day for watering the saplings. There are only 110 employees in the department to cater to the needs of 109 gardens.Apart from this, the civic body has maintained a big bank of 1.5 lakh saplings at its nursery at AMC's Siddharth Garden Zoo. These samplings will be used during the following season.Meanwhile, setting an example for others, small vendors in Mukundwadi area nurtured the saplings planted in front of their shops. They have also created temporary tree guards. \"Due to this, the saplings have now blossomed. Such participation from citizens would make the city green,\" Patil added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17606435", "title": "24-yr-old Navy sailor hangs self", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 24-year-old trainee at INS Agrani, a leadership training establishment of the Indian Navy, committed suicide by hanging inside the campus on Thursday.Gurinder Singh, son of Gurmeet Singh and a native of Rajpura in Patiala district, Punjab, was found hanging in a narrow lane behind the kitchen of the naval mess at 6.25am.He was a sailor who was undergoing training at the centre, police said. A suicide note was found in his room.In the note, Gurinder said that he took the extreme step as he was unable to withstand the pressure and no one was responsible for his death. He wanted to donate his eyes, police added.Speaking to TOI, Amarsingh Baghel, Commanding Officer, INS Agrani, said it was unfortunate that such a tragic incident took place inside the campus. \"It is the first case of suicide in the last 40 years at the centre,\" he added.\"Though Gurinder had mentioned about the pressure in his letter, it is not clear whether it was personal or at the service. Most personnel come to INS Agrani to hone their leadership skills,\" Baghel said.Gurinder had completed five years of service and was part of the naval aviation unit in Goa. He came to the city in December to undergo a three-and-a-half week course. Nearly 250 people are trained in every batch.Baghel said Gurinder did not talk about his personal problems or depression with his roommates or anyone else.He was found missing when he did not report for the early morning physical training session and was later found hanging behind the kitchen of the naval mess.\"We suspect that he could have taken the extreme step due to personal problems. Most trainees here feel relaxed as the focus is on academics and they have ample free time,\" he said. Gurinder's parents are expected to arrive here on Friday to receive the body.A separate internal inquiry will be conducted to ascertain the reason, in addition to the police investigation, Baghel added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17606571", "title": "Workshop on Vivekananda at IIM Shillong", "text": "SHILLONG: The IIM Shillong organized a workshop on \"Leadership and Management in 21st Century: Insights from Swami Vivekananda\", which looked at management education from the perspective of Indian ethos.The speakers included Ramakrishna Mission (Vadodara) secretary Swamy Nikhileswarananda, Ramakrishna Mission (Cherrapunji) secretary Swamy Sumanasunanda and Ramakrishna Mission (Shillong) secretary Swamy Achyutesananda.\"The workshop emphasized on the ideals of Swami Vivekananda and their relevance in the present management scenario,\" an IIM spokesperson said.\"India is a land of vedic wisdom and applying this knowledge to the contemporary management scenario will add value to the domain of management. 'Indianisation of global management' will be the apt solution for challenges of the present business world,\" an IIM statement said. \"Business ethics and value-based management is required for sustenance of any business establishment. Adherence to ethics has been the mantra of successful businesses,\" the release read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17606665", "title": "Gadkari: Need for strong India-China ties", "text": "ITANAGAR: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Thursday emphasized on the need for development of mutual trust and respect between New Delhi and Beijing for strengthening the Indo-Sino relationship besides economic development of both the Asian giants.\"If India and China develop friendship by rising above their petty differences, they could rule the world with their ever-growing economic strength,\" Gadkari said while participating in the concluding event of the Shahid Shradhanjali Yatra. The yatra was kicked off by the saffron party on October 18 to pay homage to the martyrs of the 1962 Indo-Sino war which completes 50 years this year.The yatra was flagged off by Gadkari from Guwahati on October 18 and culminated at Bumla, the last Indian post along the Indo-Sino border, on October 21.He said India and China should resolve the contentious boundary issue by demarcating their territories through mutual understanding and should work together for economic development of the Southeast Asia region.A seven-member BJP delegation led by Gadkari was in China on a five-day visit from January 20 last year at the invitation of the Chinese government.However, Tapir Gao, former Lok Sabha member from Arunachal Pradesh, who was also a member of the delegation, was denied a visa because he is from Arunachal.\"During our visit to China, we convened meetings with various representatives of that country, including the Premier, and discussed many issues of mutual interest, including the boundary issue,\" he disclosed.\"The BJP will never compromise the territorial integrity of the country,\" he said.Gadkari, who was a day-long visit to the state along with party vice-president and MP from Guwahati, Bijoya Chakrovarty, also paid homage to the martyrs of the Chinese aggression in a temporary erected structure by offering flowers and lighting lamps.Taking a dig at the Congress, Gadkari alleged that despite supreme sacrifices made by over 4,000 jawans of the Indian Army in the 1962 War, the party in power failed to recognize their contribution to the nation and did not bother to remember them even after 50 years.\"If the jawans had not sacrificed their lives while protecting the eastern frontier of the nation, we would be nowhere today. It is the moral duty of every Indian to remember them,\" he said, adding, \"Kashmir ho ya Guwahati, apna desh apni mitti,\" amid thunderous applause from the public.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607287", "title": "Crying out to be preserved", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Pavuralakonda, also known as Narasimha Swamy Konda, is famous for three reasons -- the exotic view of Bhimili and the surrounding Bay area that it offers, the Narasimha Swamy Temple and more importantly the ancient Buddhist monastery atop the hill.The least known amongst the three Buddhist monasteries that are found on the hills between Vizag and Bhimili, Pavuralakonda is also accorded the least respect of the three. In contrast to the thriving Narasimha Swami Temple at the foot of the hill where devotees throng, the 2400-year-old Buddhist monastery atop wears a forlorn look and according to heritage conservationists is in a wrecked state and losing its beauty.The site is so derelict that less than two months ago when a group of around 40 Buddhists from different parts of the country trooped into Pavuralakonda, they were shocked at the state of disrepair and the appalling manner in which the site is being treated.\"Not only is the site badly maintained, it is not even guarded properly. Cows freely saunter in to graze on the site,\" says E Uttam Prasad a heritage enthusiast, who frequently visits the spot.\"Local people do not care for the site and many of them treat it like a vast grazing ground for their goats and cattle. For a few others this is just a place to chill out,\" adds S Venkata Rao, who often treks up the hill.Though the officials of the State Archaeological Survey ( SAS) claim that there is a full-time guard who acts as a tour guide at the site, the absence of any such person on the site goes to prove that such a person may be there on the rolls but not on the site.According to an ardent trekker and tourist Ramona Mukherjee of Mumbai, the site looks virtually abandoned \"I was shocked to see the state of the site. There was no guard or guide, nor was the fence being maintained properly and above all the conservation work taken up was definitely not scientific. The material used was definitely not proper,\" says Mukherjee.Members of the Vizag chapter of INTACH squarely blame the state archaeological authorities for the state of the Buddhist monument. \"The material used for reconstructing certain portions of the Buddhist chaitya was not in sync with the stipulated regulations of the Archaeological Society of India and the State Archaeological Survey only ended up messing up the site further. After objections were raised by certain heritage conservationists, work was stopped at the site,\" points out an INTACH member.\"Whenever conservation work is taken up it should be in accordance with the guidelines prescribed. Moreover, when it comes to such ancient sites as Pavuralakonda, the archaeology department must be doubly careful and think twice before laying a brick,\" says the INTACH member.But there are others like Bornav Roy Chowdhary, who worked in Bhimili for a short while, who feel that the primary reason for Pavuralakonda being neglected is the fact that the site is virtually inaccessible to most, thanks to the poor condition of the road leading up to the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17605250", "title": "Pentagon cake celebrates communal harmony", "text": "BANGALORE: A pentagon-shaped cake, 22 ft long, 22 ft wide and 16 ft high, is surely an eyepopper. And there's also a motorcycle, a Spiderman, chariot and lion, among others, for good measure.Welcome to cakes created by 73-year-old C Ramachandran, who has been curating this exhibition since the 1970s. The giant pentagon of communal harmony symbolizes the five major religions - Hinduism, Islam, Christianity, Buddhism and Sikhism.\"In the past 40 years, most of my giant exhibits have been well-known monuments,\" says the former director of Nilgiris. \"This year I created the pentagon because we've had some communal tensions and I wanted to make the point that all regions can co-exist,\" he says.The pentagon, made from powdered sugar, gelatin , flavouring and colouring agents, along with other smaller cakes, took 40 people two months to finish, each working 12 hours daily. That's a staggering 30,000 manhours.Ramachandran talks about his trip to Belgium in 1969, when he saw his first sugar cake model that inspired him to organize an annual festival here. \"The enclosed venue is like an oven and will keep the cakes fresh for over a fortnight. The numerous lights on the ceiling will keep the place warm,\" said Ramachandran who has earlier built giant sugar cake replicas of Vidhana Soudha, Bangalore Palace, Taj Mahal, Buckingham Palace, Eiffel Tower and the Titanic.\"Bangaloreans look forward to this exhibition for the past few decades which is why I look forward to making these cake every year,\" Ramachandran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606019", "title": "Greater expectations, greater burden: Men now live till 63.2 yrs, women reach 67.5", "text": "NEW DELHI: An average Indian man's life expectancy (LE) at birth has increased by nearly 15 years in the last 40 years, while an average Indian woman is living over 18 years longer than what she did four decades ago.The world population's life span has gained more than a decade since 1970 - from 56.4 years in 1970 to 67.5 years in 2010 for an average male and from 61.2 years to 73.3 years for a woman.An average Indian man and woman's LE is 63.2 years and 67.5 years, respectively.An average Chinese male is living for 72.9 years almost 10 years longer than an Indian male and a Chinese woman is living 11.5 years longer than her Indian counterpart.An average American is living nearly 13 years longer than an Indian.The world's largest study on LE in 187 countries for each decade from 1970 to 2010 published by the British medical journal the Lancet shows that globally from 1970 to 2010 male LE at birth increased by 11.1 years and that of female rose by 12.1 years.The greater increase in female LE widened the gap between the genders from 4.8 years in 1970 to 5.7 years in 2010.Speaking to TOI from London , study author professor Majid Ezzati of Imperial College, London, and associate professor of the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) at the University of Washington , said, \"One of the main reasons behind India's impressive gain in LE has been the reduction in numbers of child mortality and low mortality among young adults. The US and several other countries have taken decades to improve LE. If India manages to cut down its tobacco consumption, lower high blood pressure rates in its population and increase physical activity thereby cutting down obesity rates, increase in LE of an average India will increase faster.\"According to the study, global LE increased about three-four years per decade for both genders in every decade apart from the 1990s, when smaller improvements were recorded 1.4 years for male LE and 1.6 years for female LE largely because of the effect of HIV/AIDS in some regions and deaths related to alcohol in eastern Europe and central Asia coupled with a slowdown in survival gains in childhood.The LE of a Pakistani man has increased by 11.5 years (52.4 in 1970 to 63.9 years in 2010) and that of a woman increased by almost 16.7 years during the same period (51.1 in 1970 to 67.8 years in 2010). LE in Bangladesh has jumped by leaps and bounds over the last 40 years.An average Bangladeshi is living till 67.2 years - a rise by almost 25 years and in case of a Bangladeshi woman, the life span has increased by 23.5 years (47.5 years in 1970 to 71 years in 2010).In 2010, Japanese women had the highest LE at birth in the world at 85.9 years, while Iceland had the highest LE for men at 80 years.Haiti had the lowest life expectancy at birth in 2010 for both men and women 32.5 and 43.6, respectively largely due to the disastrous earthquake in January, 2010.The largest overall gain in life expectancy since 1970 was in the Maldives , which saw an increase in male LE of 54.4% since 1970 from 50.2 to 77.5 and a 57.6% increase in women's LE from 51 in 1970 to 80.4 in 2010.Other countries that experienced gains in LE greater than 20 years since 1970 were Bhutan, Iran and Peru .An average man in the US lived for as long as 75.9 years, the UK (77.8 years), Switzerland (79.7 years), Germany and France (77.5 years), Sri Lanka (71.6 years) and Australia (79.2 years).The Lancet study said, \"Global LE has increased substantially in the past 40 years for men and women, despite major global and regional health crises. This increase has been driven by large declines - by almost 60% in child mortality, declines of 40% or more in adult female mortality and declines of 15%-35% for adult male mortality.\"Global population rose from 3.7 billion in 1970 to 6.9 billion in 2010, combined with a growth in the average age of the population, has led to an increase in the number of deaths to 52.8 million in 2010 from 43.3 million in 1970. In this period, the global crude death rate declined from 11.7 per 1,000 individuals to 7.7 per 1000 individuals because of the large (86.7%) relative increase in world population. Under-five deaths decreased by more than half from 16.4 million in 1970 to 11.6 million in 1990 to 6.8 million in 2010. Deaths at ages older than 80 years increased from 3.8 million in 1970 to 12.1 million in 2010 (an increase of 215.6%).According to assistant professor Haidong Wang from IHME and one of the study authors, \"Because more children are now surviving to adulthood compared to earlier decades, health policy makers globally will need to pay much more attention to preventing deaths in young adults, aged 15-49, in coming years.\"The study also shows the estimated distribution of deaths by age group for 2010. At the global level, 42.8% of deaths occur after individuals reach 70 years, and almost a quarter (22.9%) occurs in individuals older than 80 years.At the other end of the age spectrum, deaths in children younger than five years accounted for 13% of all mortalities in 2010 down from 24.9% in 1990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606716", "title": "Boy in Ponneri school was electrocuted, say doctors", "text": "CHENNAI: B Lokesh, 10, who died on his school campus near Ponneri on Tuesday was electrocuted, doctors who performed the postmortem on the body said in a preliminary report. Inquiries with students revealed that Lokesh came in touch with a live cable while trying to take out lizard's eggs from a broken electric socket.The Class 5 student of Venkateswara Vidyalaya in Nandiambakkam was found unconscious near the auditorium in the school. He was taken to the government hospital in Ponneri where doctors asked police to take the body to the government general hospital (GGH) for autopsy.Forensic experts said only a pathological test of the burnt skin from the left palm could prove conclusively that he had been electrocuted. \"The doctor who performed the autopsy on the body had said there are more possibility of death caused due to electrocution,\" an investigation officer said. Some body samples have been sent to a laboratory for expert opinion. Investigators said they could come to a definite conclusion only after getting the final autopsy report which was likely to take some time.Police said that Lokesh was playing with a few friends near the open air auditorium in the school after bunking a special class being held at the time.\"A few students told the police that Lokesh tried to take a bunch of lizard eggs inside a plug point. As Lokesh didn't expect the live cable inside the plug point, he was thrown away after he touched the live cable,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606685", "title": "Meat smugglers take road route after train raids", "text": "CHENNAI: Facing the heat after the corporation seized several large consignments of rotting meat brought by train to Chennai, smugglers have changed their tactics and are bringing truckloads of meat to the city by road.Police seized 1 tonne of rotting meat, meant for sale in the city, from a lorry in Pulianthope on Thursday.During a routine vehicle check on Dr Ambedkar College Road early on Thursday, police intercepted a lorry from Andhra Pradesh (AP - 26 TA 2376) and found that it was carrying 10 large bags of beef. Police alerted corporation officials, who inspected the bags and confirmed that the meat was rotting.\"The meat was not packed with ice or preservatives,\" a corporation health official said. The rotten meat was disposed of at the Kodungaiyur dump yard.Police arrested the lorry driver, Suresh, and cleaner, Shiva. They told police they were supposed to deliver the meat to a shop in Chintadripet, owned by a butcher, Gajendra.Corporation officials have over the past three months seized many loads of meat from trains at Egmore and Chennai Central railway stations. \"It looks like they are using road transport to smuggle meat to the city from northern states,\" a senior civic body official said.The corporation carried out a series of raids to prevent the smuggling and sale of rotting meat in the city. Officials said they seized 15.36 tonnes of meat from trains that arrived in the city from Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan. They have, since September, also sealed five meat shops.Officials said several popular hotels in the city purchase the meat smuggled into the city because it is cheaper than meat of animals slaughtered locally. Corporation health officials fear that the sale of rotting meat stored in unhygienic conditions could lead to an outbreaks in the city.\"We have intensified raids to stop meat smuggling, but meat shops continue to violate the rules,\" the official said. \"We will cancel the licences of such meat shops and seal the shops.\"The civic body regulates meat stalls under Sections 309 and 349(21) of the Chennai City Municipal Corporation Act, 1919. Officials said butchers who do not have a licence under Section 309 will not be allowed to sell meat products.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606234", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation gets back plot for dispensary on Pali Hill", "text": "MUMBAI: After more than a decade, the civic body has succeeded in taking forceful possession of a prime reserved plot meant for a dispensary on Pali Hill in Bandra (W), which was being misused by a developer as a showroom for imported cars.The developer took the liberty in converting the 2,800 sq ft reserved plot of land on the junction of St John's Road and St Aloysius Road opposite Learner's Academy School in Bandra (W) into a showroom for Lamborghinis, Ferraris and Mercedes. Local corporator Asif Zakaria told TOI that the consolidated cost of all those cars was Rs 20 crore and the developer was charging Rs 10 lakh as rent from each vehicle manufacturer.On Tuesday, the BMC took possession of the said property and will convert the plot into a dispensary or a dialysis centre for the local residents.\"It is an accommodation reservation. If the owner builds on the reserved plot, he has to build the facility for which the reservation was meant. For several years, it was not being handed over to the BMC and there was a court case going on. We took possession of the property two days ago. We plan to set up either a dispensary or a dialysis centre,\" said Manisha Mhaiskar, additional municipal commissioner.Mhaiskar said there were some more cases in the western suburbs where the accommodation reservation was not being handed over by the developer. \"After this, I have asked the department concerned to ensure that accommodation reservation is taken over by the BMC,\" said Mhaiskar.Zakaria told TOI that the plot was owned by Salsette Co-operative Housing Society and there was a resolution on the plot for a BMC health dispensary. \"The developer had developed the building in the mid-90s and had not handed over the accommodation reservation to the BMC. In spite of a high court order of 2001 directing the BMC to take forceful possession of the premises through the court receiver, the civic body had failed to do so for all these years. We do not have any dialysis centre in the area and it will be a good thing for local residents,\" said Zakaria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17611311", "title": "Office Xmas party could boost your career", "text": "Bosses promote people they like and office Christmas party is a chance to work on your relationship, a business etiquette expert has claimed.For most people, work Christmas party is an excuse to drink and eat on the boss's dime and wind down towards the end of the year, but for the more enterprising, the office get-together is the one chance a year they are in the same room as all your company's executives, and that means one thing - networking.\"This is a great opportunity to show management that you are like them, instead of reinforcing the differences by taking your shoes off or getting drunk, have a conversation and find out what your boss is about,\" the Daily Telegraph quoted Anna Musson as saying.According to Chris Golis, who is an expert in \"emotional intelligence\" or the ability to indentify and control emotions, everyone's favourite topic is themselves.Golis said that if you find yourself in a conversation with a senior executive, the top question to ask them is \"What was your best decision this year?\"\"That's getting them talking and you're implicitly saying in your question 'Why are you so good?'\" Golis said.Other good questions to ask, according to Golis, include \"What's the best book you've read in the last year?\", \"Are you going anywhere special this Christmas?\" and \"Have you got a pet? Or did you have one?\"According to Golis, people often forget what you do or say but they never forget how you make them feel.\"Contact is one thing, but you have to think 'How many people would [executives] meet in a day?' - it's all a bloody blur,\" he said.\"I would say you have to talk for maybe five minutes to 10 minutes about anything but work,\" he added.Additionally, Musson said that the best time to go up to any management is before the speeches because you won't have had too many drinks and they're all likely to still be there. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606555", "title": "Criminal who dodged cops for 7 long years nabbed", "text": "GURGAON: Ajay, a 'most wanted' criminal, was arrested in Chandigarh by the crime branch of Sector 17 and declared as a proclaimed offender.He was involved in a double murder case of 2005 and had a Haryana police reward of Rs 10,000 on his head. The accused was living as a tenant with his family in Chandigarh for the past two years and working as a salesman in a computer sales agency office, but police have not trace him in long time.According to police, the Sector 17 crime branch got a tip-off about Ajay, resident of Rathiwas Thethar village in Gurgaon, who has been residing in Chandigarh with his wife and children. After getting information a crime branch team led by inspector Rajendra Singh Dalal reached Chandigarh on Wednesday and nabbed him from Putela Computer, Kingdom office, Sector-17B, where Ajay was working for two years.\"Ajay is shrewd. He has been at large for the past seven years. He is working as a salesman in his real name but he had deliberately given a wrong native place address (Faridabad). Before his stint with the computer agency, he was working with another firm under the name of Karan Singh. He had changed his mobile phone and SIM, when he got SMS and calls from unknown numbers. He probably changed around 50 numbers during this period. He has also using a fake ID (Ran Singh) on social site facebook.com and used to chat with many friends under that fake identity. There is no photograph of his on his fake facebook account. We have been successful in nabbing him with the help of his call detail report. The accused was also wanted in another case of 2006, when he threatened to kill someone,\" inspector Rajendra Singh Dalal told TOI.He and his family members had killed two persons of a rival group with a revenge motive pertaining to the post of sarpanch in Rathiwas Thethar village. The deceased were identified as village former sarpanch's son Parmod and his family member Bhagirath, who killed after a brawl was broken between the two rival groups during a marriage function in the village. In this case a city court convicted 14 people including Ajay and sentenced them to life imprisonment. Also, 23 people were arrested under Section 107/151 of Crpc in the same double murder case.On Thursday, police produced Ajay in a city court in Gurgaon, which sent him in 14 days' judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608038", "title": "10 city engineering students held for exam fraud", "text": "HYDERABAD: Ten students of different engineering colleges, affiliated to JNTU-Hyderabad , and two brokers were nabbed by Task Force investigators in Champapet while 'engineering' a major answer script fraud on Wednesday night. They fraudulently opened sealed answer sheet bundles, which were supposed to be in the custody of JNTU Examination Branch, and were found rewriting their answer scripts when a Task Force team raided a student's room in Champapet.Police and university officials suspect that the fraud could be just the tip of the iceberg. Ironically, a similar malpractice was reported at JNTU two year ago.Briefing the media here on Thursday, deputy commissioner of police (East Zone) R Jayalakshmi said Balu Mahender, a driver with the Mail Motor Service of India Post in Koti, turned out to be the kingpin along with M Venkatesh , a book keeper at the library of Aryabata Engineering College, and RVR Institute of Engineering and Technology final year student M Jai Ram Reddy.Police said Jai Ram Reddy and his friends wrote the ongoing supplementary exams being conducted by JNTU as some of them had over 11 backlogs. \"As these students were not sure that they will pass in the supplementary examinations, Jai Ram Reddy approached Venkatesh, who in turn introduced him to Balu Mahender, whose job was to collect sealed answer booklets from examination centres and deliver them at JNTU Examination Branch on behalf of the postal department . However, before handing over the sealed covers to JNTU, Balu used to withhold them for some time and used to illegally deliver the bundles to Venkatesh ,\" Jayalakshmi said. Seven students had backlogsVenkatesh, by collecting between Rs 5,000 and Rs 15,000 from Jai Reddy and others, tampered with the seal on the cover of the answer scripts and gave them their original answer sheets, which these students had submitted to invigilators after the exam on December 10 and 11 at various centres. The students used to keep most pages of their 40-page answer booklet blank and strike it off with pencil. After the exam, the sealed booklets will be illegally opened and scripts given to respective students, who in turn would write the answers, official sources said.Seven students - Jai Ram Reddy, T Hari, Shaik Mahaldar, all from RVR Institute of Engineering and Technology, D Kirthi Verdhan Deeraj of Srinidhi Engineering College, Sai Pranay of Aryabhatta College, Dheeraj Reddy and M Sridhar, both from Sri Indu Engineering and Technology - of the 10 arrested had backlogs, while E Anvesh, a B Tech student from TKR College, was arrested for writing answers at the behest of Kirthi Deeraj. Setty Ravi Shankar, who wrote for Hari, was also arrested.Police also recovered nine bundles of sealed answer scripts from a Xylo car belonging to M Rakesh Reddy, while 68 loose answer booklets were found in the possession of the students at Jai Ram Reddy's room. Police suspect that some of the arrested persons might have had a role in a similar malpractice reported at JNTU two years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17609424", "title": "Offbeat promotions for 'Ethir Neechal'", "text": "The audio launch of the film 'Ethir Neechal' starring Sivakarthikeyan, Priya Anand and Nandita is happening todday and Dhanush is kicked up about his maiden home production under Wunderbar films and has come out with an unique promotion for the audio launch.So Dhanush has announced in Ethir Neechal ads - \"Audio releasing on the internet,CD's, Youtube , Piracy sites, from today !!\". The ad has caught the attention of fans and music buffs.Anirudh Ravichandran has composed the tracks in only his second album after the successful ' 3 ' especially the ' Why this Kolaveri ' song which came out last year. The track list has already been released to the internet.There appear to be several highlights in the album, including a duet featuring Mohit Chauhan and Shreya Ghoshal and a hip hop number featuring Yo Yo Honey Singh and Hip-Hop Tamizhan Aadhi. There also happens to be a kuthu song sung by Dhanush and Velmurugan in the album, in which the actor will also be doing a cameo role.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607434", "title": "Special trains from Ernakulam", "text": "MANGALORE: Indian Railways will be running a weekly special train between Ernakulam and Lokmanya Tilak Station via Shoranur, Kozhikode, Mangalore Junction and Konkan route to clear extra rush of passengers for next three weeks.Train 01065 Lokmanya Tilak to Ernakulam Junction will leave Lokmanya Tilak Terminus at 4.55pm on December 19 and 26 respectively and will reach Ernakulam at 9pm on December 20 and 27. In the return direction, train 01066 Ernakulam to Lokmanya Tilak express will leave Ernakulam Junction at 11.30pm on December 13, 20 and 27 to reach Lokmanya Tilak at 2am on corresponding Fridays. Reservation in these train schedules has already started. Train has stoppages at all important stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606600", "title": "Loba farmers return with empty hands", "text": "KOLKATA: Farmers from Loba, who had organized a 'dharna' on Rani Rashmoni Road in the city on Thursday, went back disappointed as neither chief minister Mamata Banerjee nor her deputy Partha Chatterjee met their representatives. Loba Krishi Jami Raksha committee leader Samir Putatunda announced in a public meeting that henceforth KJRC would make no attempt to establish contact with the government.\"It is unfortunate that although the chief minister went to Loba on December 4, she did not want to listen to the villagers of Loba nor accept their memorandum. Villagers are aggrieved that she drove past the dharna mancha at Loba but did not bother to stop to talk to them,\" it was stated in a resolution adopted at the meeting.\"If the situation in Loba is allowed to linger like this, there is every possibility that diverse elements would try to take control of the agitation,\" Putatunda said, hinting at the possibility of Maoist infiltration. He wondered why the state government was refusing to meet KJRC delegation when the chief minister had said that the police were wrong to have opened fire on Loba farmers on November 6.Among the pending demands of KJRC are a judicial inquiry into the firing, punishment to those involved in the firing and withdrawal of court cases against the agitators. In the resolution, KJRC requested for Central intervention in Loba as the subject of coal mining was a Central subject. The price of land which would have to be acquired for setting up open cast mines should be fixed in consultation with land owners, as well as the issue of compensation to sharecroppers and landless labourers attached to these plots.Leaders of a few other political parties - including Congress, SUCI and BJP - were present at Thursday's meeting.Congress has been trying for some time to get a foothold in Loba. Putatunda said KJRC had invited the chairman of the Left Front also to attend the meeting, but none from the LF was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605703", "title": "Delhi bias in Supreme Court litigation", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a country already frequently accused of centralising decision-making in its capital city, new data on the Supreme Court now shows a disturbing Delhi bias in litigation too.Litigants who live closer to Delhi are significantly more likely to appeal in the Supreme Court, according to the first detailed analysis of recent apex court data by a legal researcher. Nick Robinson, a visiting fellow at the Centre for Policy Research, found that nearly a fifth of appeals that came to the Supreme Court in 2011 were from Punjab and Haryana, and a further tenth from Delhi. In contrast, less than 3 per cent came from Orissa, and less than 1 per cent from Assam, Jammu &amp; Kashmir and Sikkim. In addition to geographical proximity, wealth mattered: richer states were more likely to have appeals in the Supreme Court than poorer ones. Taken together, the findings, which will be made public on Friday in a paper published by the Bangalore-based Azim Premji University, indicate a cost barrier to approaching the SC, says Robinson.a\u00c5\u201cThere have been studies in the past too that have shown that the Supreme Court is for many an inaccessible court, and a few decades ago, there was substantial discussion on establishing more benches of the SC,a says Videh Upadhyay, a lawyer in the Supreme Court who argues development and environmental matters. a\u00c5\u201cThe concern raised was primarily that establishing more benches of the SC would affect its unitary character. This new data strengthens the argument that there is merit in keeping this issue open,a says Upadhyay.Additionally, Robinson found that despite the fact the disposal rate of cases in lower courts has not grown greatly a\" just 4 per cent between 2005 and 2010 in lower courts, and 25 per cent for high courts a\" the number of appeals to the Supreme Court has jumped (52 per cent), as has the SCas acceptance rate (70 per cent). a\u00c5\u201cWhat this means is that people are appealing cases at a disproportionate rate, and the SC is finding these cases worth hearing,a says Robinson.a\u00c5\u201cThe disproportionate increase in the Supreme Courtas workload compared to the high courts and lower courts may indicate that not only are people losing confidence in the rest of the judiciary, but that the system of precedent within the judicial system is breaking down,a says Robinson. a\u00c5\u201cThis needs further understanding, but there does exist in peopleas minds the perception that justice is more likely to be served in higher courts,a admits Upadhyay, adding that Indiaas SC is also far more accessible than most apex courts the world over because of the enlarged understanding of fundamental rights in the Constitution.But while there is a perception that the SC deals to a large extent with PILs, Robinson finds that the SC has become overwhelmingly a court of appeal; in 2011, just 1.8 per cent of cases in the SC were writ petitions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606459", "title": "Witch hunting menace haunts Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: Several women have been persecuted, tortured and killed in the garb of witchcraft in the past few decades in the state. The social evil of witch hunting still continues unabated here. While most of the women do not have the courage to protest against the harassment they are subjected to, some of them have not only been able to overcome the fear and trauma of being branded as witches, they have emerged as pathfinders for the victims.According to the data of National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), as many as 250 women have been killed after being branded witches in the state in the past one decade. Since January to October 2012, as many as 31 women have been killed in the state. The Prevention of Witch (DAAIN) Practices Act, 2001, is not very effective as the punishment for killing a woman branded as witch is imprisonment between three and six months and fine of upto Rs 1000 or Rs 2000.Chhutni Mahato of Saraikela, one of the victims of this disturbing trend, said, \"As the Act is not very effective, we do not have any other option but to mobilize women and make people aware about the evils of witch hunting ourselves.\" Chhutni was branded a witch by her villagers in 1995. Narrating her story with moist eyes Chhutni said, \"The villagers called me a witch, beat me up, made me drink urine and drove me out of the village. When I went to the police station the police refused to lodge an FIR. Fortunately, the then SDO heard me out and took action against the culprits.\"Once she managed to get over the trauma, Chhutni decided to help victims like her. \"Till date I have given shelter to over 35 women who have been branded witches and driven out of their villages. I have been fighting for their rights since a long time now,\" said Chhutni.Chhutni is an active member of an organization called the Association for Social and Human Awareness (ASHA) led by socialist Punam Toppo which works for the rights of women who have been victims of witch hunting. Hence, Chhutni is not the only woman who is fighting for the rights of women and there are several other members like her in ASHA who are doing the same to eradicate the evil from the state.Another member of ASHA, Premlata of Jaspur village, who had also been branded a witch by villagers said, \"I was tortured by villagers for a long time. My neighbour had also tried to kill me. When I went to the police station, I was asked to pay bribe to lodge an FIR. I am now a part of ASHA and we go to different villages and identify the women who have been victims of witch hunting. We then fight for their rights\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606160", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcDon\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t involve doctors in insurance claims\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Doctors should not be involved in settling medical insurance claims, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) told the Bombay High Court on Thursday. Not only is there a shortage of doctors, but it could increase the cost of insurance business, it added.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Anoop Mohta was hearing a public interest litigation by activist Gaurang Damani on medical insurance woes. The PIL, filed last year, highlighted the plight of nearly 7 crore consumers paying Rs 11,000 crore annually as medical insurance after third party administrators (TPAs) stopped offering cashless mediclaim benefits. It also focused on the absence of regulations to govern the medical insurance industry.IRDA had published draft regulations in June 2012. Its advocate Paritosh Jaiswal submitted that it was opposed to the petitioner's suggestion to involve doctors rather than administrative staff in the settlement of claims as it was not feasible. He said there was a shortage of doctors. Damani argued that the loss assessor or surveyor should be qualified under the Insurance Act. Jaiswal said TPAs are supposed to process and not settle claims. Damani countered that TPAs are given incentives to reduce claims, violating the Insurance Act. The judges summoned a senior officer of IRDA who will take a decision to its next hearing on January 7, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605581", "title": "Nursery admissions from Jan 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has announced a fixed schedule for this year's nursery admissions to more than 1,200 private, unaided schools in the city, unlike the more flexible calendar last year that could be changed at the request of individual schools.The admission process begins on January 1 and ends on March 30, 2013. The last date for submission of forms is January 15 and schools have to post the first list latest by February 15. The second list should be declared by February 28, according to a Directorate of Education release.The other change is the inclusion of 'orphans' in the disadvantaged category, which makes such students eligible to apply for the 25% reserved quota. Other guidelines remain the same.\"Earlier, the admission dates were only indicative. Schools could write to the department and change dates and that would lead to confusion,\" said Amit Singla, director, Education.The guidelines also state that schools will have to ensure \"admission applications are made available to all applicants till the last date of submission of applications\". This will benefit parents as they will have more time for the application process. There were schools that had distributed forms for less than a week last year.The EWS admissions will take place the way they did last year with a common form and schools submitting the number of vacancies after the first round of admissions to the directorate by April 6.Candidates applying under the 'orphans' category would need to produce a certificate declaring them orphans. Till recently there was no agency authorized to issue such a certificate. That has been fixed.The department of women and child development has, through an order dated December 11, 2012, authorized all child welfare committees (CWC) to \"issue certificate declaring a child orphan...under Delhi Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Rules, 2009 after necessary inquiry\".Ajay Singh, chairman, CWC Dilshad Garden, welcomed the move to include this category but objected to the term 'orphan' which, he felt bore an %\"negative connotation\". He preferred \"child without parental support\".The guidelines remain the same in practically every other respect. A February notification directing schools to have as many seats at the entry level as the highest number in the last three years still remains applicable. And schools are free to adopt any system - draw of lots or points system - for admitting and are also free to decide on the criteria that'll be awarded points.Schools welcome status quoSchool authorities are pleased the nursery admission guidelines remain unchanged but parents and education activists are unhappy for the same reason.\"I am glad the schools will have autonomy with respect to the parameters for admission. If an old school wants to give more points to children of alumni, there's nothing wrong with that. This flexibility has to be allowed,\" says SK Bhattacharya of the Action Committee for Unaided Recognized Private Schools.The point-system has been the bone of contention between schools and activists. Social jurist Ashok Agarwal considers it discriminatory and \"for the benefit of the institute, the school management and not child-centric\". He had filed the PIL against it in the high court that made it touch-and-go for the points system. \"They are only perpetuating the dynasty system,\" he continues, \"helping a minority of kids through points for alumni and siblings.\"Schools have welcomed the increase in time allowed for registration. \"There is enough flexibility available to the school. It gives managing committees the freedom to decide on the criteria and we understand that they have to be completely transparent,\" says L V Sehgal, chairman, National Progressive Schools Conference and principal, Bal Bharati School, Pusa Road.Parents who were expecting a change, given hope by PILs, have been disappointed. \"I am a little disappointed because the criteria haven't changed this year,\" says Kavita Chawla from Srinivaspur who will be applying for her daughter, a first child. She feels that an unchanging points system means her daughter's chances will reduce \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they'll lose the points for alumni or sibling. Nitin Goel, 30, a finance professional based in Dwarka, too, is disappointed. \"There has been no improvement. I went to schools in Dwarka and they straightaway asked for donation. This is their only criterion,\" says Goel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608067", "title": "Telangana issue may dominate Congress state meeting", "text": "HYDERABAD: The brainstorming session called for by PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana next Sunday is all set to become a battleground for Seemandhra leaders and their Telangana counterparts with the latter determined to raise the separate state demand and the former equally firmed up to thwart it.The brainstorming session is meant to take stock of the party's affairs and its preparedness for the 2014 elections. With that in mind, the PCC chief had made it clear that the Telangana issue should not be raised at the meeting. But the regional tensions have once again come to the fore in view of the all-party meeting convened by Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde in New Delhi on December 28.Telangana Congress leaders and MPs are expected to defy the ban on the ground that the separate state demand was the most important issue for the people. Seemandhra leaders are responding to this by stating that the brainstorming session is not the forum to raise the issue and will counter it with united Andhra slogans. Many leaders feel that the T-tension has the potential to derail the proceedings of the brainstorming session, which is being held after a gap of four years and after many postponements.On Thursday, Botsa once again appealed to the leaders from Hyderabad and Rangareddy districts not to raise the sensitive issue. In the get-together in which ministers P Sabita Indra Reddy, J Geeta Reddy, D Sridhar Babu, Mukesh Goud and G Prasad Kumar were also present, the PCC chief urged the leaders to stick to issues other than Telangana.\"When the Centre is holding an all-party meet on T issue on December 28, raising the issue at the state party meeting will only create chaos and lead to clashes between the leaders of both the regions,\" Botsa is understood to told the ministers and leaders.According to sources, Geeta Reddy said it would be difficult to prevent the party leaders from raising the issue.Former PCC president K Keshava Rao asserted that nobody could stop them from raising an issue related to the people of Telagnana.\"Anybody can raise any issue. The Congress is a democratic party. The PCC president is not such an ignorant person to be unaware of what democracy is,\" Keshava Rao told the media after visiting LB Stadium, the venue of the brainstorming session. He said there has been a difference of opinion in the party for quite some time and that this should not preclude anybody from raising an issue.Similarly, Nalgonda MP Gutha Sukhender Reddy said when Telangana had been the core issue for four crore people in 10 districts of the region, barring leaders from discussing the issue would send wrong signals to the people.\"We will raise the issue and urge the leaders to adopt a unanimous resolution in view of the all-party meeting,\" Sukhender Reddy said. He hoped that all the MPs, MLAs, MLCs and ministers along with party leaders would press for the adoption of the resolution in the meeting.But school education minister S Sailajanath said Seemandhra leaders would be forced to argue for united Andhra Pradesh if T leaders raised the separate state issue. The Seemandhra leaders are expected to hold a strategy meeting ahead of the session and devise ways of countering their T party colleagues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17606950", "title": "Rangers, rovers to guide patients at SMS hospital", "text": "JAIPUR: The rangers and rovers of Scouts and Guides would be deployed at the Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital to guide the patients coming here. This has been done keeping in mind the increased number of patients in last one year because of the success of chief minister free medicine scheme.The SMS hospital officials imparted training to 40 rovers and rangers of Scouts and Guides in the hospital on Wednesday. The rovers and rangers were made aware about the functioning of the hospital.They were shown central laboratory, indoor and outdoor patient departments and wards. The rangers and rovers were trained how to avail facilities of free medicine scheme, how to get registration cards, how to take medical advice from doctors and how to get admitted to the hospital.SMS hospital spokesperson Dr Rajesh Sharma said, \"Since the number of patients in the hospital has increased, it was necessary that there should be proper guidance for the patients coming here from different parts of the state. It was seen that patients and their attendants enquire about hospital facilities but they find it slightly difficult to reach their desired destination. The rover and rangers would help such patients.\"Eight rovers and rangers would provide their services in morning and eight others would provide services during evening hours. They would also provide help to patients coming to emergency wards. It has been seen that patients seek help from hospital guards when they find no one to help them. The hospital officials said that on an average around 6,000 people come to the hospital's OPD from different parts of the state. With the initiative, the patients will get support of rovers and rangers.The hospital authorities said that it has become possible with the efforts of Scouts and Guides officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605996", "title": "Cabinet wants judges to refrain from commenting on anybody in court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday proposed a crucial amendment to the National Judicial Standards and Accountability Bill, seeking to restrain judges from making unwarranted observations against anybody in an open court.Pitching the amendment, law minister Ashwani Kumar said it was consistent with an individual's right to dignity guaranteed by Article 14.Sources said Kumar proposed that the bill, which has been cleared by Lok Sabha, should be amended also to ensure that the advisories issued by the National Judicial Oversight Authority be binding.The amendment seeking to fortify even lay persons against unwarranted remarks by judiciary should spell respite for officials and others who, very often, end up at the receiving end of withering remarks by judges. Government had earlier considered restricting the proposed protection to constitutional authorities, but Kumar argued that it be available to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606667", "title": "Mukti Joddhas to be part of Vijay Diwas celebrations", "text": "KOLKATA: A team of 20 Mukti Joddhas under the leadership of Bangladesh MP Maj Gen (retd) Shubil Ali Bhuiyan will arrive in the city on Friday to participate in the 41st Vijay Diwas celebrations, scheduled on Sunday.Apart from Bhuiyan, known to be a close associate of Bangabandhu Mujibur Rahman, who had always been vocal in his demand to expedite the trial of war criminals in his country, an equal number of Indian Army veterans will participate in the two-day event. The senior most among them will be Lt Gen (retd) JFR Jacob, who was Chief of Staff, Eastern Command, during the 1971 Indo-Pak War that led to the liberation of Bangladesh.\"Lt Gen Dalbir Singh, GOC-in-C, Eastern Command, will host the veterans and Mukti Joddhas who would get an opportunity to interact with each other and relive the moments of the past. A delegation of six serving Bangladeshi officers from the Army, Navy and Air Force, led by GOC 66 Infantry Division and Area Commander, Rangpur Area, Maj Gen Md. Salahuddin Miaji will also participate in the celebrations.The event will start on a solemn note with the laying of wreaths at Vijay Smarak in Fort William on Sunday morning. The memorial will also be thrown open for two hours from 10am on that day for the general public ,\" an official said.On Saturday, a military band will perform at the National Library for the benefit of 500 students and NCC cadets. However, the military tattoo, which used to be a highlight of the celebrations, has been postponed till February 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606619", "title": "Calcutta high court stays primary teacher recruitment", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Thursday ordered an interim stay on the recruitment process for 44,000 primary teachers initiated by the state government in October this year.Justice Debasish Kar Gupta observed that several issues have come up regarding the process adopted by the government and \"unless they are sorted out, there may be several complexities\". The matter will come up for hearing again after the winter vacation.On October 19, a state government notification invited applications from trained and untrained candidates for 44,000 primary teacher posts. Nearly 55 lakh applications were filed. The government decided on a two-phase selection process. The first would be a screening test. Those who get through would get the call-up for the final selection, where trained candidates would get a grace of 20%.Recently, Arnab Bhowmik of Howrah and Shyamal Maity from East Midnapore - both trained candidates - moved high court, raising several questions about the selection process. They claimed that trained candidates were not receiving any special treatment in the true sense.\"What if a trained candidate fails to clear the screening test? The 20% grace would not help such a candidate,\" they submitted in their petition through counsel Subrata Mukhopadhyay.The process to appoint untrained teachers had started in the Left Front regime. After a court order banned Primary Teachers' Training Institutes in Bengal, the large number of vacancies couldn't be filled up because of National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) regulations make training mandatory for primary teachers. Faced with a crisis, the state government sought the Centre's permission to appoint untrained candidates. The Centre granted permission on the condition that the state would first appoint trained teachers who don't have jobs before turning to untrained people.On Thursday, when the state counsel referred to this in court, NCTE counsel Asha Ghutghutia submitted that the council does not permit the appointment of untrained people as primary teachers. Even if the Centre had granted permission \"in its own wisdom\", the state should have adhered to the condition and appointed trained teachers first and left the remaining vacancies to untrained people, the NCTE counsel submitted.\"I am waiting for a copy of the court observation,\" education minister Bratya Basu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17607997", "title": "Four killed in head-on collision", "text": "NASHIK: Four persons were killed and 22 others injured in an accident involving two vehicles on Sinnar-Ghoti highway on Thursday morning.The injured were rushed to a private hospital in Sinnar where the condition of one of them was said to be critical. Of the four deceased, one is a woman.A group of family and friends had left for a pilgrimage by their jeep, while the devotees of Saibaba were proceeding in the Tempo towards Shirdi. Both the vehicles collided head-on at Belu near Pandhurli Ghat.The deceased were identified as Ramakant Gadakh of Kalyan, Babaabai Gadekar of Pathardi, Jagan Karkhele of Pathardi and Sudhakar Gode, also of Pathardi. Gadakh was in the Tempo, while the other three were travelling by the jeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17607976", "title": "HPCL launches 5kg cylinders", "text": "LUDHIANA: Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd has launched 5kg LPG cylinders which can be taken on payment of Rs 350 as refundable security. No document or identity proof is needed for these cylinders, which can be refilled for a fee.HPCL senior regional manager Sushi K Rai, who launched the cylinder at a hotel on Ferozepur Road said, \"The idea behind the launch of the 5Kg non-domestic cylinder is to provide LPG to small scale industry, which includes caterers, goldsmiths, cutting, glass tube, street hawkers and food carts, among others. The product will be available to all and no ration card or any other formality would be required.\" Alpine Energy Ltd at Cheema Chowk, Ludhiana, an HPCL non-domestic dealer, will market the product here. The dealer will also handle Safety and Emergency Service Cell for non domestic customers. \"The 5kg non-domestic cylinder blue will replace sub-standard cylinders available in market,\" he said.\"These cylinders would be cheaper and safer. They will be of great help to jewelers like us,\" said Vishal Dhanda, a jeweller of Gurdev Nagar. \"This will check illegal refilling of cylinders and also help people like us who rely on the migrant labourers, who do not have documents for regular connections,\" said A R Kalia, an industrialist of Barewal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606815", "title": "Reuse, recycle of paper is way of life at IES institutions", "text": "BHOPAL: Believing that making a small beginning goes a long way in environmental conservation, the IES group of Institutions has set an example by limiting use of paper and encouraging recycling of paper. This way, the group has succeeded in cutting down its use by 50%. Both staff and students have been asked to use every 'blank-part' of the waste paper. Any failure invites punishment, especially for the staff.The three Rs - reduce, reuse and recycle - are a must in the institution ever since the institution decided to go green 18 months ago by starting 'waste paper use' campaign. And in the no time, the consumption of paper is down by almost half.\"We had noticed that paper was used rampantly and, on scrutiny, we found to our shock that the monthly consumption was to the tune of 45,000 pages. We Immediately, decided to curb the practice,\" IES group director professor Sunita Singh said.\"Every paper saved or recycled helps save our environment,\" she said, \"as trees are felled to produce paper.\"Earlier, the college authorities encouraged the staff and students by motivating them. However, later it was made mandatory for everyone to use and recycle waste paper. \"There was a good response from teaching faculties,\" Prof Singh said.Now, our staff always takes out Xerox copies or prints on both sides of the page and reuse paper, she explained.\"We even reuse envelops after tearing it and spreading it like a page. \"Right from the chairman to the lower staff, all are asked to use the blank space on both sides of the envelopes,\" IES Engineering College principal Dr Gyanchand said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17607350", "title": "Minimum temperature drops to 13.4\u00c2\u00b0C", "text": "AURANGABAD: The minimum temperature in the city dropped to 13.4 degrees celsius on Thursday after rising from 10.3 degrees celsius on November 17, the lowest in the last five years, to around 19 degrees celsius in the last fortnight.The maximum temperature also remained high, touching 30 degrees celsius. The minimum temperature was three degrees below the normal while the maximum temperature was two degrees above the normal. The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast a drop in the mercury in the next 48 hours.\"The city may see a further drop in the temperature for the next two days,\" said Medha Khole, deputy director general for weather forecasting at the India Meteorological Department.The city has witnessed day and night temperature rise in the past two weeks with day temperatures recorded to be 30 degrees celsius, while the night temperatures rising to around 19 degrees celsius.Khole said the northerly winds responsible for cold winds in central India have not yet been established due to western disturbances present in North India. \"The temperature in the city has dropped due to local factors like low humidity and clear skies,\" she said.Shrinivas Aundhkar, director at Mahatma Gandhi Mission, Centre for Astronomy and Space Technology said, \"The depression in the Bay of Bengal caused cloud formation in coastal and plateau regions of the country leading to a rise in the temperature experienced in the last few days.\"Aundhkar said the cloud formation obstructed cold winds from the northern region from reaching the central part of the country. \"The minimum temperature will drop further and may rise to stabilise at 15 degrees celsius in the next few days,\" he added.The other western disturbance like an upper air cyclonic circulation over eastern parts of Jammu &amp; Kashmir and neighbouring parts has moved northeastwards.Nashik recorded the state's lowest temperature with 9.5 degrees celsius on Thursday while Ahmednagar recorded the second highest temperature with 9.7 degrees celsius on Thursday, Pune recorded 10 degrees celsius. Malegaon recorded 10.8 degrees celsius, Jalgaon recorded 12.2 degrees celsius. In Marathwada, Parbhani recorded 13.6 degrees celsius while in Vidarbha region, Yavatmal recorded 13 degrees celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17607851", "title": "Medical students to pledge support to elderly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of 150 students from Sola Medical College will visit Jeevan Sandhya, an old age home in Nava Vadaj, on Friday evening along with faculty members. The group will interact with the elderly and office bearers and will also take vow to support the elderly and parents.Talking about the initiative, Farsubhai Kakkad of Jeevan Sandhya, said that they were in touch with the college for the visit. \"We believe that schools and colleges teach you math, science and history but don't teach you to become a model human being or to respect parents . Thus, we have decided to approach the schools and colleges to organize visits to the old age home and spend some time with the senior citizens and listen to their tales,\" he said. He added that after the visit, the students will be encouraged to take a pledge to support the elderly in the society and to not send away parents in their old age. \"It is one of the ways to reduce the heart-wrenching incidents where the senior citizens don't have shelter to lead a dignified life in the end,\" said Kakkad .Such visits often leave a long-lasting impression on young minds, said the old age home officials. Narrating an example, the Jeevan Sandhya officials said that the physiotherapy center adjoining the old age home was built from the money collected by primary school students of a city school over a period of one month. The children are still in touch with these elderlies, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17608057", "title": "Titan\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Nile: 400km river spotted on Saturn moon", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nasa scientists have spotted the longest extraterrestrial river system ever \u00e2\u20ac\u201d on Saturn's moon Titan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and it appears to be a miniature version of Earth's Nile river. The river valley on Titan stretches more than 400 kilometres from its \"headwaters\" to a large sea, a Nasa Jet Propulsion Laboratory statement said. In comparison, the Nile river on Earth stretches about 6,700 kilometres.Images by Nasa's Cassini mission have revealed for the first time a river system this vast and in such high resolution anywhere other than on Earth.Titan is known to have vast seas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the only other body in the solar system, apart from Earth, to possess a cycle of liquids on its surface . However, the thick Titan atmosphere is a frigid one, meaning liquid water couldn't possibly flow. The liquids on Titan are therefore composed of hydrocarbons such as methane and ethane, Discovery News reported.\"Though there are some short, local meanders , the relative straightness of the river valley suggests it follows the trace of at least one fault, similar to other large rivers running into the southern margin of the same Titan sea,\" said Jani Radebaugh, a Cassini radar team associate at Brigham Young University, Utah. \"Such faults may not imply plate tectonics, like on Earth, but still lead to the opening of basins and perhaps to the formation of the giant seas themselves,\" Radebaugh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17606941", "title": "Land rates go up before reserve price hike", "text": "JAIPUR: The proposed hike in reserve prices has subsequently pushed up land rates in the city. The Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) is yet to announce the rise in reserve prices, even though the land rates have witnessed a sharp increase making it even more difficult for residents to buy a piece of land in the city.As the hiked reserve price can be announce at any moment, the land prices in the JDA and nearby residential colonies have increased in one month, said realtors.A local property dealer, Dharmendra Arya, said, \"With the news land prices have certainly increased within a month. Colonies situated near Ajmer Road have witnessed an increase of approximately Rs 2,000 per square yard.\"A senior official source at JDA said, there is a provision to increase the reserve price in every three years. \"The proposal to increase the reserve price has been sent to the minister for urban development &amp; housing Shanti Dhariwal for approval. After receiving the approval, the reserve price will be increased with immediate effect,\" the official said. He added , \"The land rates in the city are likely to increase by 15-30%.\"Last time the reserve price was increased in 2009. According to officials, once the reserve price is increased, not only land prices in JDA schemes will be costlier, even the allottees will have to pay higher development charges, resumption charges and regularization charges after the increase.Meanwhile, Gopal Das Gupta, a prominent developer of the city said, \"The state government policies are making houses dearer for the common man. The land auctions in the city are made on high prices resulting in tremendous increase in rates. Moreover, it is the district collector's role to increase the District Lease Committee (DLC) rates, however, for the past three years; the chief minister in his budget speech has been continuously announcing the increase.\" He added, \"If rates by the government are continuously hiked, it would be extremely difficult for the common man to purchase a house in future.\"The increase in reserve price will also affect the land rates not falling under JDA. According to an official, during the budget speech, chief minister Ashok Gehlot had announced that the district lease committee rates and the reserve price should be equal. \"If the reserve price is increased, it is expected that the DLC rate will also increase,\" said an official.If the decision is taken to increase the reserve price, the houses in the city will be dearer for common man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17605170", "title": "Citizens should participate in art shows", "text": "We have not taken pride in our history or art. Part of the problem is because we have more pressing issues to deal with. So all this takes a backseat. But we must look at art not as a problem, rather as relief from the problem. Why not look at it as something that brings a smile to our faces?But who's to be blamed? Is it only the government? The answer is NO. It's high time we as people start getting involved, rather than depend on the government. How many times have we, as citizens, participated in a great art or any other show? So why criticize when we cannot pitch in? Go abroad and people stand in queues to see a museum on Sundays.I am fully aware that the government must be more responsive in preserving our history and culture. But the responsibility does not start and end there. Big corporates must take responsibility. The media, too, has a huge role to play. In my view, we're all collectively responsible for this dismal state of our museums. We must get innovative.Yes, we have a department for culture, but there's no passion for developing culture. It's only a department. We obviously cannot have people from the agriculture department posted in the culture department.(The writer is founder of Tasveer Arts and director of National Gallery of Modern Art)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606782", "title": "Another Pratibha in distress", "text": "CHENNAI: The 29 sailors on board MT Pratibha Warna, sister vessel of oil tanker MT Pratibha Cauvery that was washed ashore in October, are on the verge of abandoning ship. The owner had stopped supply of provisions and hadn't paid their salaries, the crew said.A chat with the crew of the vessel, in the outer anchorage off Chennai since October 7, revealed their morale was low and many needed immediate help. One of them was suffering from an infection that followed an appendicitis surgery he underwent before joining the vessel. An emergency message to the owner and the shipping authorities by captain Ajay Thiruvengadam said he would be forced to abandon the vessel to save the lives those on board.Official sources said the diesel on board wouldn't last more than a week. The air conditioning had not been functioning for six months and fresh water generators were not working, they said. \"The conditions on board are unhygienic and the mosquito menace is severe,\" a sailor said over the phone. \"We are afraid of marine malaria. Almost all of us are feverish and suffer from indigestion often,\" he added.Sources said the vessel had been declared 'unseaworthy' by the directorate-general of shipping (DG Shipping) as its safety certification had expired and life boats weren't operational. The fixed anchors couldn't be raised due to insufficient fuel.\"The decision to abandon a vessel is one of the most gut-wrenching as it can be fatal. Since the authorities are lenient towards the owner, might be forced to abandon it,\" said a crew member. The crew had been reluctant to speak about their plight as the owner belongs to a powerful political family in Maharashtra.Pratibha Warna is a tragedy waiting to happen, said a senior Chennai port official. While the local agent of the owner had withdrawn services an association of shipping agents in the city has blacklisted Pratibha Shipping. K Sreekumar, inspector of International Transport Workers' Federation, said DG Shipping should immediately start a survey of unsafe Indian vessels and the owners should be made accountable.Manoj Joy, coordinator of Sailors Helpline, said DG Shipping should be accountable for negligence. \"An international shipping report from Paris in June 2012 has lowered the status of Indian shipping sector to the grey list. If DG Shipping continues to protect owners, Indian ships and sailors will be blacklisted soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606487", "title": "Law to protect street vendors from harassment soon: Ajay Maken", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government will soon enact an effective central legislation to protect the livelihood of lakhs of street vendors across the country, housing and urban poverty alleviation minister Ajay Maken said on Thursday.\"Reign of fear and terror of municipal bodies and police against street vendors must stop and right to secured and dignified livelihood must be ensured through effective legislation,\" Maken said while addressing the National Association of Street Vendors of India (NASVI).The housing and urban poverty alleviation ministry, which had moved the Street Vendors (Protection of Livelihood and Regulation of Street Vending) Bill in Lok Sabha in the monsoon session of Parliament, is also considering bringing railway vendors under the ambit of the central legislation.Admitting that street vendors still had concerns and they wanted an effective central legislation which could ensure protection of their rights and entitlements, Maken said, \"The government is live and responsive to those concerns.\"Saying the government would ensure that the law gets enacted at the earliest, Maken advocated inclusion of railway vendors under the purview of the street vendors' legislation and said he would take up the matter with the railways.The minister also promised that sufficient funds would be made available for welfare and economic uplift of street vendors under the National Urban Livelihood Mission.He announced that his ministry would soon roll out an innovative loan scheme for street vendors and the allocations would be made under different schemes to develop model vendors' markets in different cities.The minister said the public-private-community partnership (PPCP) model should be adopted by all municipal authorities while developing plans of vendors' markets.The central legislation seeks to protect street vendors from harassment and regulate their activities in public areas. As per the provisions of the bill, anyone over 14 years can register with the Town Vending Committee. The committee will issue identity cards to vendors to carry out business in allotted vending zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17606641", "title": "10-year-old saves rare owl chicks", "text": "IMPHAL: Ten-year-old Moirangthem Priyobarta Meitei fought the chill for twenty days at a hill range in Manipur's Thoubal district to protect five eggs of the rare eastern grass owl from poachers and other wild animals.The baby owls are now safe and are presently being taken care of by the People For Animals (PFA) in Thoubal.A standard IV student at a local private school, Priyobrata of Khongjom area in the same district, saw an eastern grass owl lay five eggs on a heap of dry grass on the ground at the Langathel hill range about a month back while his family's cattle was grazing in the area.\"As the area is frequented by poachers, I did not inform any of the villagers except my parents about the presence of the owl. Since then, I had been watching the eggs twice a day before and after school for twenty days till they finally hatched into baby owls,\" said the young boy, who also owns a cow bought with his savings.He said, \"On December 2, I found that poachers had laid a trap to catch the owls. So I brought them home to save them from being captured by poachers and informed PFA Thoubal on the same day.\"On the same day itself, PFA Thoubal officials took the baby owls and kept them at their temporary enclosure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606025", "title": "Govt official afraid of indicting directors in NDCCB scam?", "text": "NAGPUR: Writing the order to fix financial liability of directors in Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank (NDCCB) scam, which cost the bank Rs150 crore during 2002, continues to be an unending affair.In Samata Bank's case, the department of cooperatives has finished proceedings to recover losses from its directors, but the minister has stayed the order for last two years. But in the case of NDCCB, the officer assigned the job seems to be wary of issuing the verdict. With rest of the proceedings over, the officer has stopped short of drafting the verdict.The scam involves Congress MLA from Saoner Sunil Kedar, who was the bank's chairman when it lost this money. Criminal proceedings are underway against Kedar and the other directors.With the proceedings completed last year itself, the officer of district special auditor's rank, Yashwant Bagde, has not drafted the verdict yet. TOI had reported this matter repeatedly.At first, Bagde claimed that he needed some peace of mind to draft an extensive report. When TOI reported the matter in October 2011, he said the report would be issued in six months. After being reminded in May 2012, Bagde again sought a few months. Now, in December 2012, Badge has the same answer.This time, on being asked what was holding him back from issuing the order, Badge replied, \"There need not be any reason for it.\"Bagde had started proceedings to fix the directors' financial responsibility for the fraud under section 88 of the Maharashtra State Cooperatives Act way back in 2002, when the scam took place. It was delayed with the directors obtaining stay at every count. Finally, all the stays have been vacated and what remains to be done is to draft the order.Badge's stance has left other officers in the department confused, as they say that section 88 sets an example that directors cannot get away with a financial fraud and have to pay for the losses. \"Although they can appeal against the order, the officer-in-charge of the inquiry sitting on the order with all the other proceedings completed sounds strange indeed,\" said a source in the department.Funds were taken from NDCCB for being invested in government securities through a private firm M/s Home Trade, which siphoned the entire money. Kedar, who was chairman at that time, is charged with violating the norms on investment laid down by Reserve Bank of India ( RBI).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17608019", "title": "Satguru Jagjit Singh dies at 92", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Namdhari community in the city and other parts of the country and even abroad was left in gloom following the demise of their religious leader Satguru Jagjit Singh at the age of 92 on Thursday evening.The religious leader was being treated for chest infection at the Satguru Pratap Singh Hospital, where he was admitted on November 23 in a serious condition.While the entire community had been praying for his health, a special team of doctors looked after his treatment. The spiritual leader breathed his last at around 6.38pm on Thursday.Satguru Jagjit Singh's body was taken to the Bhaini Sahab, said to be the seat of the Namdhari sect in Ludhiana, where people will pay obeisance to the Satguru.The last rites will be performed at 2pm. Many political and religious leaders, apart from prominent personalities from the Namdhari community are expected to be present.The birth anniversary of the spiritual leader was to be celebrated on November 24 had been postponed because of his ill health.The police strength at Bhaini Sahib was increased in the wake of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17611328", "title": "Wipro wins award for best offshoring project in UK", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Technologies said it has won the 'Offshoring Project of the Year' award at the 2012 National Outsourcing Association (NOA) Awards in the UK.Now in its ninth year, the annual NOA Awards recognise best practices in outsourcing projects, the city-headquartered company said in a release.Wipro has been recognised for its transformational service excellence initiatives at BT aimed at achieving BT's service objectives of 'Right First Time' and 'Reduced Cycle Time', it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605863", "title": "Starting trouble for sterilization drive relaunch", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long gap of 20 months, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has proposed to restart the dog sterilization campaign, technically called as animal birth control (ABC) programme. But the proposal faced a hurdle on Thursday after the NGOs expressed inability to take up the programme at the charges fixed by the Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI).The NMC had launched the programme in August 2006 to control the stray dog menace. However, it came to a grinding halt in April 2011. The AWBI regulations make it mandatory for the civic body to run the programme. Accordingly, the NMC started the process to relaunch the drive and a monitoring committee comprising seven members with municipal commissioner as chairman was formed. The remaining six members are officials from NMC and animal husbandry.Learning lessons from past experience, the civic body proposed to run the programme by appointing NGOs. Accordingly, interested NGOs were called for a meeting on Thursday.Additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar conducted the meeting, which was attended by civic officials and representatives from eight NGOs. Sources from NMC told TOI that the NGOs demanded increase in the charges as it was not feasible to run the programme with the amount fixed by AWBI, which is Rs445 per dog. \"NMC informed the NGOs that they will be responsible for catching dogs, performing operations, monitoring for 3-5 days, carrying out anti-rabies vaccination and releasing the canine at the source point. The NMC will pay Rs445 per dog for this service. But the NGOs were not satisfied with the charges as, according to them, the actual expenses were higher. The NMC then asked the NGOs to submit their rates within a week,\" said sources.A senior NMC official said necessary approvals will be taken to resolve the issue. \"This programme is important for the city. The next step will be decided after receiving rates from the NGOs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17607386", "title": "Congress panel seeks clarifications from HPCC", "text": "SHIMLA: Over two weeks after its formation, the three-member committee of Congress, probing the suspension of over two dozen leaders by state president Virbhadra Singh, met for the first time in Shimla on Thursday. At the time of its formation, the committee was given three weeks' time to complete the probe and submit a report to AICC.According to sources, the committee members have sought clarifications from Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee on the grounds on which the leaders were expelled and have summoned relevant records from HPCC within the next 2-3 days. The committee has been given the deadline of December 20 to submit its report.The committee, comprising Vidya Stokes, Viplove Thakur and Kuldeep Kumar, all former presidents of Himachal Pradesh Congress Committee, was specially assigned the task of looking into the suspensions of leaders, ordered after November 4. Formation of the committee was the result of growing factionalism within Congress as the camp opposed to Virbhadra Singh had termed it vendetta and had approached the high command in protest.Sources said that HPCC has already sent the records to AICC and the same will now have to be brought from Delhi. After going through the records, the committee would issue notices to start hearing, they said.Virbhadra Singh had suspended former minister Singhi Ram and two dozen others from the party for allegedly carrying out anti-party activities during the recently concluded assembly polls, but the rival faction managed to get the suspension stayed after AICC formed the three-member panel on November 27.With the appointment of Virbhadra Singh as state president, the rival camp led by former state president Kaul Singh Thakur was sidelined in the state. Rivalary between the two camps was clearly visible during assembly polls.Many Congress leaders close to Kaul Singh Thakur and Union minister Anand Sharma were suspended by Virbhadra Singh on November 19 after which, the rival faction leaders rushed to Delhi to inform the high command about the situation back home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605663", "title": "Nod to raise ceiling limit for 4-laning to 8,000 km", "text": "NEW DELHI: The highways ministry on Thursday got Cabinet approval for doubling the ceiling for four-laning of projects under Phase-IV of national Highways Development Programme to 8,000 km from 4,000 km. All these projects will be built on Build Operate Transfer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d BOT (toll) mode. More projects will also help NHAI to offer lucrative stretches to bidders at a time when the response has been lukewarm.The Cabinet Committee on Infrastructure (CCI) also approved the ministry's proposal to develop stretches recording traffic flow between 5,000 and 10,000 passenger car units per day that are not viable to be developed on BOT (toll) mode, but could be developed on engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) mode. In the current fiscal, the ministry proposes to award 4,000km on EPC mode.Over the next two years, the government plans to award another 4,500km on EPC mode, where contractors will get payment for construction of highways and will be responsible for their maintenance for a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606527", "title": "Kolkata girl stars in dream start to IIT-Kharagpur job season", "text": "KOLKATA: Placements at IIT-Kharagpur have started with a bang. Three students have bagged salaries of Rs 80 lakh a year while eight others have got offers of Rs 75 lakh from Google and Microsoft.\"All the students are from the computer science department. The three Google recruits will be based in Mountain View, US, while the other eight will be in Redmont,\" said Rinhul Chandra, vice-president of the student's council in IIT-Kgp. The placements started on December 1 and the first phase will last till December 20.Last year, the highest salary offered at IIT-Kgp was Rs 78 lakh from Facebook while in 2010, Dhiraj Kumar Singh had bagged a whopping Rs 1.7 crore offer from Facebook - the highest ever across all IITs. Though, the highest pay packages sky-rocketed this year, the minimum offers averaged around Rs 7-8 lakh. \"Till now, 650 of 1,775 students have been placed. This is the largest batch in the history of the IITs. If any student is left to find a job, we will have a second phase in February,\" said Chandra.Kolkata girl Anusha Suresh, an alumnus of Future Foundation School, is among those picked up by Google. \"I appeared in an interview before Google on Day 1 and got the job.It was one of the most sought after companies. I appeared for the interview on Day 1 and got it,\" said an ecstatic Suresh, who ranked 276 in IIT-JEE. \"My parents are really happy. I have realised my dream.\" With one more semester to go, I shall leave for the US in October next year.Her base salary is $100,000. \"I have also been offered a few shares in Google,\" she said. A faculty member of the IIT-Kgp placement cell said: \"With the other components, her net income could exceed Rs 1 crore, which will be an achievement for any IIT grad in their first year.\" Batchmates Prashant Tibrewal and Jay Prakash Gupta have got the same offer.Unlike many IITians, this student from the CS department does not want to pursue an MBA. \"I have done my summer internship at Microsoft Research in Redmont. It was a research internship. I loved studying computer science and hence I won't like to go away from my area of expertise,\" she said.On the first day, the major recruiters were Facebook, Google, Microsoft, IBM Research, Goldman Sach Strategies, World Quant and Slumberger. Reliance Industries made the highest number of offers - 30 -in the core sector, followed by Slumberger that picked 25. On Day 1 Microsoft was the highest recruiter with 21 students taking up its offers.\"One of the highlights this year is companies offering stocks and shares to students,\" said a source. This is the first time that Twitter recruited from IIT-Bombay and IIT-Chennai but gave IIT-Kgp a miss, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17611370", "title": "Infosys to upgrade Japanese company OSG's technology", "text": "BANGALORE: OSG Corporation, one of Japan's leading cutting tool manufacturers, announced it has selected Infosys CommerceEdge to transform its legacy e-commerce platform.The digital commerce platform will provide OSG with a robust merchandising support and offers a range of tools to engage with their customers through online and mobile channels, the city-headquartered firm said, adding, the Cloud- based platform will reduce operating costs by up to 40 per cent as compared to other available systems.\"This innovative platform gives us both the flexibility and functionality we need to make it easier for our customers to do business with us,\" Koji Sonobe, Managing Director, OSG Corp, said.\"Better still is the fact that Infosys hosts and manages the CommerceEdge platform. So there are no incremental investments for OSG,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17606404", "title": "Women's kabaddi final deferred due to rains", "text": "JALANDHAR: The women's final of the 3rd Kabaddi World Cup between hosts India and Malaysia was on Thursday washed out due to heavy rains.The organisers said they would meet to decide on the date of holding the match.The final was to be played at the Guru Govind Singh stadium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605983", "title": "BJP demands Afzal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s hanging", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when families of victims of the 2001 Parilament attack demanded the hanging of prime accused Afzal Guru , the Delhi assembly saw much pandemonium, three adjournments and finally a directive from the speaker marshalling out the BJP legislators.The House witnessed chaos after the BJP's demand that homage must be paid to the nine martyrs who laid down their lives defending the Parliament from terrorist attack was rejected by speaker Yoganand Shastri. The BJP also slammed the Delhi government for \"delay in clearing the file\" pertaining to Afzal's mercy petition.The Congress protested against the BJP's demand citing it as a political manoeuvre to corner the government on a day when polling was on in Gujarat. As soon as the House began proceedings, Leader of Opposition VK Malhotra said the House should pay homage to the martyrs. The BJP MLAs went on to demand execution of Afzal without delay.\"The nine martyrs made the supreme sacrifice protecting the Parliament. The whole nation has paid homage to them on the 11th anniversary of the attack. It is beyond my comprehension why the ruling party is opposed to paying tribute to the martyrs,\" Malhotra said. Congress MLA and parliamentary secretary of the chief minister Mukesh Sharma questioned why the BJP was demanding a homage 11 years after the incident in Delhi assembly. \"The assembly has been in session on December 13 every year... Why this time?\" he shouted on the floor of the house.Unable to pacify the BJP, the speaker first adjourned the House for 20 minutes and again adjourned it for 25 minutes when the situation did not improve after it reassembled. Finally, the Speaker ordered marshalls to remove the BJP MLAs after the third adjournment of 30 minutes when they trooped into the well of the House.On his decision to evict the BJP from the House, Shastri said he would not allow the House to become a play ground. After the BJP MLAs were removed, the House passed a censure motion against the party saying that the MLAs from the opposition were trying to damage the dignity of the House. Meanwhile, Shastri said he sent a notice to Malhotra after receiving a breach of privilege motion from Sharma against the senior BJP leader for \"undermining\" the authority of the speaker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605562", "title": "Toughest pitch I've played on: Kevin Pietersen", "text": "NAGPUR: It's not very often that you see Kevin Pietersen being tied down. He is usually a free- flowing batsman under all circumstances.On Thursday, though, one saw a different version of KP. The slow nature of the pitch didn't allow him to play his natural game. In fact, out of the 97 overs India bowled on the day, there were enough dot balls to fill 80 overs!He had to grind his way to 73 and hold the innings together after skipper Alastair Cook's early departure. Although Pietersen would have loved to have a three-figure score against his name, his knock has ensured that England are still in the game at the end of Day One.\"Tough,\" he said, and then paused for a long time when asked about the pitch here. Unlike Ravindra Jadeja, who termed the Jamtha wicket a flat one, the England batsman found it hard to describe its nature.\"It's tough...it's the toughest pitch I have played Test cricket on, in terms of playing strokes. I have no clue what the wicket is going to do from here on. Right now, it looks pretty similar to the way it was when we started the day,\" he said.\"We are in an okay position at 200/5, but I think my guess is as good as anybody's in this room as to what the wicket is going to do.\"Somebody needed to stay at the wicket to show the way and KP, as he is popularly known, did exactly that.\"I think the key today was to try and bat for as long as possible because I don't think that wicket is getting any better,\" the 32-year-old said.Many would go home satisfied after playing such a knock, but not Pietersen. To him, victory comes first than personal milestones. \"Like I said after the runs in Mumbai, it (the knock) doesn't mean absolutely anything until the game is over,\" he said.Although India are playing with four spinners, Pietersen found it hard to deal with Ishant Sharma. \"We are in a position of strength as we have two seamers, if I am allowed to say that. Ishant was incredibly difficult to play today.\"The England star wasn't even sure what a good score on this wicket is. \"Anybody's guess...all I know is that scoring is incredibly hard, especially off Ishant. Thankfully, we have got Bressie and Jimmy,\" he said.When asked whether the Jamtha wicket was good for Test cricket, KP said, \"When you are the tourist, obviously the Indians think that this is the kind of wicket they can produce to pull the series back. And we have got an incredible challenge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17607993", "title": "Industrial bodies protest against power tariff hike", "text": "NASHIK: Industrial bodies staged demonstrations to protest against the hike in power tariff by the Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd (MSEDCL) on Thursday in front of the Nashik MSEDCL divisional office.A delegation from the industry bodies also met chief engineer (Nashik division), MSEDCL Prabhakar Shinde and presented him with a memorandum of demands.The MSEDCL has hiked power tariff from 35 to 50% with effect from August 2012. To protest against the hike the Maharashtra Industrial Co-ordination Committee of all industrial associations across the state had called for state-wide demonstrations.The industry bodies which participated in demonstrations, included Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA), Ambad Industries and Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), Nashik Industrial Co-operative Estate (NICE) and Laghu Udyog Bharati.\"The industrial sector had strongly opposed the power tariff hike during hearing of the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC). Nevertheless, the MSEDCL enforced the power tariff hike on industries, doing an injustice to them. Industries in the state are already facing recession and the steep hike is really a matter of great concern for the industry. At this juncture, the industries in Nashik and across the state will receive a setback as compared to the ones in other states. This will also badly affect the flow of new investment in the state. Electricity is raw material for most of the industries and power tariff hike up to 50% will increase production cost,\" the memorandum prepared by the industrial associations stated.\"Up to 50% of production cost in some sectors like glass containers, steel, chemical, plastic, casting and foundry is on electricity. The hike may cause industries either to migrate to other states or face closure. This will make workers unemployable and also reduce state government's revenue through taxes,\" said AIMA president, Suresh Mali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17606959", "title": "Police secure release of cops held hostage", "text": "PURNIA: The police heaved a sigh of relief when they finally secured the release of two policemen held hostage by armed tribals and recovered the carbines they had looted from the cops at village Dameli under Mirganj police station under Dhamdaha sub-division in Purnia district on Wednesday afternoon.A police party had gone to the village to release land owner Mahendra Chaudhury's nearly 7.5 acre of land which was allegedly grabbed and occupied by the tribals at Dameli around 2.30 pm on Wednesday. The tribals, armed with bows and arrows, attacked the policemen and later took hostage two policemen. The aggressive tribals also snatched two carbines and some cartridges from the policemen, police said. In the melee, six policemen including Inspector Bipin Kumar and driver Pramod Kumar sustained sever arrow injuries and were hospitalized, police said.The police, in self-defence, resorted to, in all, five rounds of fire to scare away the defiant tribals, Purnia SP Amit Lodha said. As the news about tribals's attack on cops trickled in, SP Lodha,along with senior deputy collector Uday Kant Jha, Dhamdaha SDO Subhash Narayan and others rushed to the trouble spot.Though the 'captured' policemen were released soon, police were in a difficult predicament as regards the recovery of the snatched carbines. The police cordoned off the entire area and recovered the two carbines late Wednesday night, the SP said. Claiming that the situation was well under control, SP Lodha said one tribal has so far been detained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606277", "title": "NCP's 'paper' tells real irrigation story", "text": "NAGPUR: The contentious irrigation issue took a farcical turn in the state assembly on Thursday when Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and home minister RR Patil claimed a printing error was at the heart of the entire controversy. Releasing the NCP's fact-sheet on irrigation projects, published to counter other papers released so far by the Opposition and the government, Patil claimed irrigation potential of Maharashtra has increased by 5.17% in a decade and not 0.01% as quoted in the state economic survey 2010-11.The NCP released the booklet published by MLA Shashikant Shinde to reach out to people and clear the air over the 'alleged' scam to the tune of Rs70,000 crore. The actual expenditure on irrigation from 1999 onwards has been cited at Rs30,500 crore and, the NCP book claims, potential has increased by 5.17%. \"Those who have no idea about Maharashtra's geography and do not understand the needs of farmers and drought areas, are making these baseless allegations. The NCP has decided to reach out to people and tell the true story of this irrigation mess. This is why we are releasing this book,\" Patil said.Countering allegations of cost escalations and advances given on account of fund mobilization, two core issues which led to the resignation of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, the NCP paper blames relief and rehabilitation as the major reason for delay and escalation of cost. Giving advances for mobilizing funds was an old tradition, in line with government working, said Patil, while lauding Pawar for taking tough decisions during his tenure as irrigation minister.The NCP paper offers data on the lines of the government white paper, claiming irrigated land stood at 48 lakh hectares in 2010, a 28% rise from 2001, when area was 37 lakh hectares. The cropped irrigated area jumped by 5.17%. The book justifies giving revised administrative approval to 32 projects between June 2009 and August 2009 as per a May 18, 1999 government resolution.In a scathing attack on the government, Patil warned that the NCP will not let projects with less than 25% work completed be stopped. The government white paper had suggested prioritizing irrigation projects and diverting money only to those where 75% work has been completed.\"NCP will not tolerate any diversion of funds from Marathwada and Vidarbha regions. We will not tolerate injustice to people of these areas,\" he said. The copies of the book will be distributed across the state to clear the air on the alleged irrigation mess, Patil added.High drama transpired earlier in the day when the NCP fact sheet was allegedly leaked to the Opposition, which released it own book to counter NCP's. \"The NCP book is a joke, as it talks about issues we never touched, such as Lavasa. It skirts all other important allegations of corruption,\" said Eknath Khadse.BJP's Devendra Fadnavis said if the NCP justifies hurried approval under a 1999 GR, they must explain why the rules were used only in 2009, a few months before the elections. \"There is no explanation why such a speedy approval was given to these projects,\" he said.When asked how the BJP laid hands on NCP's book before it was released, state president Madhukar Pichad said, \"They did our job. If they had only told us, we would have invited them also for the release,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17610758", "title": "Marines accused of shooting Indian fishermen wants to spend Xmas with family", "text": "KOCHI: Two Italian marines accused of shooting dead, Indian fishermen, while onboard an Italian ship passing through Kerala coast, have sought permission to visit Italy during Christmas.In a petition filed at the Kerala High Court, chief master sergeant, Massimilano Latorre and sergeant, Salvatore Girone, have sought permission to celebrate Christmas with their families at home.They are currently facing trial in the case related to the alleged shooting incident that occurred on February 15 this year, off Kollam coast, in the southern state of Kerala.The marines were onboard Italian oil tanker, Enrica Lexie, as part of military protection detachment, known as MNP. The group of six marines were deployed by the Italian navy to protect the ship from attacks by sea pirates.While the ship was passing the Kollam coast, allegedly at 20.5 nautical miles from the shoreline, the marines allegedly opened fire at a fishing boat. Two fishermen who were in the boat, Valentine Jelestine and Ajeesh Pink, h died in the shooting while the boat was riddled with bullets.While proceedings against the marines were progressing in courts in Kerala, Italian officials had, on April 24 this year, handed over ex gratia payment of Rs 2 crore to the dependents of the two Indian fishermen who died in the incident. The dependents had withdrawn their suits seeking compensation following the settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606164", "title": "Powai woman throws chemical on 4-yr-old boy", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police arrested a 38-year-old woman for allegedly throwing an inflammable chemical, used to clean floors, on the face of her neighbour's four-year-old son on Wednesday. Asha Gavane was annoyed with Ayush More, a junior kg student, for playing in front of her house around 8 pm at Mahatma Phule Nagar, Filterpada.\"The accused fled after committing the offence and took shelter at a friend's residence in the neighbourhood. We have seized two big cans of chemicals from her residence. She got them from Nair hospital, where she is a sweeper,\" said senior inspector Bajirao Bhosale.The incident occurred minutes after Ayush stepped out of his house to play with other kids from the locality. \"We heard our son scream and he rushed into the house complaining of a burning sensation in his left eye, face and abdomen. We smelled a pungent odour of some chemical on our son's body. Ayush said the aunty in the neighbouring house threw something on him for playing in front of her house,\" the victim's father, Amol, told TOI. Ayush was rushed to Aashirwad hospital in Powai and is under observation. \"My son has been kept under 48-hour observation. Doctors will then confirm the status of his left eye. He also suffered burns on the left part of his face till the waist,\" said Amol.Sub-inspector Dayanand Sawant said the accused used to get annoyed whenever the victim played in front of her house. \"She used to fight with neighbours over water and other petty issues,\" said Sawant.Gavane has been booked under Section 326 (causing grievous hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605902", "title": "Neighbour rapes 12-year-old blind girl", "text": "NAGPUR: A 12-year-old visually impaired girl was allegedly raped by her young neighbour at the Servants quarters in Vayusena Nagar under the jurisdiction of Gittikhadan police station on Wednesday morning.Accused Ajay Telgote (20), a gardener in Vayusena Nagar, was arrested within some hours of the crime by the investigating officer, woman police sub-inspector Deepmala Bhende. Police said the victim identified the accused by his voice. According to the police, Telgote had gone to watch television at the victim's house when he committed the heinous crime.\"Though they were neighbours, the victim would rarely speak to Telgote. Her parents said she would only step out of the house to attend her school,\" said Bhende.On Wednesday morning, the victim's mother was at home when Telgote came to watch television. The victim's parents work as labourers in Vayusena Nagar.Police said that the victim's mother left home around noon for her work. \"Before leaving, she asked Telgote to go home since she wanted to lock the house, but he assured to lock the house after the serial ends,\" said Bhende.Finding himself alone with the girl, Telgote sexually assaulted her. Police said the victim screamed and tried to fight him but Telgote beat and gagged her. Before fleeing from the house, he even threatened the victim that he would kill her if she told anybody about the incident.Police said that the victim's 8-year-old mentally challenged younger brother was asleep in the same room when the incident took place. The victim's father has been out of town for the last two days.Police said the victim even suffered minor bruises while resisting him. The incident came to fore when the victim's mother returned home from work in the evening and found her daughter frightened. While asking her what happened, the mother found blood stains on her dress understood the matter.With the help of her neighbours, she reported the matter to senior officials at Vayusena Nagar, who approached Gittikhadan police. On confirming the medical reports, a rape case was registered.The girl's statement was recorded after she was declared fit by doctors. Later, a police team headed by Bhende was sent to Telgote's house to arrest him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17609485", "title": "Indian techie convicted for allegedly groping woman during flight", "text": "WASHINGTON: An Indian software consultant, on a work visa in the US, was convicted by a Chicago court on Thursday for allegedly groping a woman while they were seated next to each other aboard an airplane.Srinivasa S Erramilli, 45, remains free on bond pending sentencing, which has been set for April 26, 2013, by US District Judge Joan H Lefkow.He faces a maximum sentence of two years in prison and a $250,000 fine.Incidentally, he was convicted twice previously for identical crimes.Evidence at the trial showed that Mr Erramilli was the last passenger to board a Southwest Airlines flight to Chicago's Midway Airport on June 14, 2011, and was seated in the only open seat available between the victim, who had chosen a window seat to sleep during the flight, and her husband, who had chosen an aisle seat to enable easier access during the flight.The couple had travelled to Las Vegas for their 34th wedding anniversary, the Department of Justice said in a statement.The victim testified that Mr Erramilli groped her three times aboard the plane.She struck Mr Erramilli and yelled at him after realising that he had been groping her.Other passengers and flight attendants also testified during the trial, the press statement said.The federal grand jury in Chicago also heard testimony from another victim who was seated in the row in front of Mr Erramilli when he groped her on a flight from Detroit to Chicago in August 1999.Mr Erramilli pleaded guilty to battery in Cook County in 2000 and was sentenced to two years' probation and five days' community service.In 2002, Mr Erramilli was sentenced in Federal Court in Detroit to three years' probation after he was convicted of abusive sexual contact for groping yet another woman aboard a flight from San Jose, California, to Detroit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "17607484", "title": "Headmaster, teacher held for teasing minor girl", "text": "HISAR: A teacher and headmaster of a secondary school in Hisar district were arrested for passing lewd remarks at a minor girl student and using vulgar language with her.Residents of Bhaini Badshahpur village stormed into the government high school on Wednesday afternoon and allegedly thrashed the teachers after the girl revealed to her parents how they have been teasing and threatening her.The police were called in and head master Rajesh Kumar and Randhir Singh, a teacher, were arrested.Police said the 16-year-old girl student had also accused another teacher Rajesh Kumar, who is absconding, of using obscene language and intimidating her over the phone.As per the complaint, the accused teachers also allegedly used to ask some of the girls of the classes IX and X to stay back after school hours on the pretext of taking lessons and allegedly used vulgar language.The complaint, filed by Rohtash, one of the villagers and the neighbour of the victim, said the teachers had also threatened the minor girl with serious consequences if she revealed anything to anyone.Barwala DSP Rajender Sheoran said a case under sections 294 ( obscene act) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC has been registered against the accused teachers.The girl had recorded calls made by the accused and police have taken in possession these recordings.When contacted, block education officer Devender Kundu said, \"A departmental inquiry has been ordered against the teachers and any decision would be taken on the outcome of the probe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17607809", "title": "With no takers for its IT park, MIDC to auction building in January", "text": "NASHIK: The information technology park building of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) in Ambad industrial area, which has been lying vacant for over a decade, is likely to be auctioned in January.The Nashik regional office of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation has already sent a proposal to its head office in Mumbai which is likely to be approved.The state government had set up several IT parks in Maharashtra, including one in Nashik a decade ago to promote the IT industry in the state. But, Nashik's IT park building has been vacant with not a single IT company showing interest in setting up business here.The park was developed on 7.52 hectares with as many as 28 open plots of different dimensions ranging from 500 sq m to 5,500 sq m. The three-storeyed IT park building, which includes 15 galas, was built on a 0.64 hectares of land, with a total construction area of 3,075 sq m. The carpet areas of shops in the IT park building were in the range of 183 sq m to 278 sq m.Speaking to TOI, a senior MIDC official, said, \"Earlier, we had plan to sell the whole IT park building to companies. Some companies had shown interest in buying but the deal could not be worked out. Finally, we have decided to auction galas (shops) to industrialists. We have already sent such a proposal to our head office in Mumbai and it is expected to be approved shortly. We are planning to auction the building in January 2013.\"In 2007, Mumbai-based construction company K Raheja Group had entered into agreement with MIDC to buy Nashik's IT Park. But the company cancelled the deal and surrendered the IT Park to MIDC. Two Mumbai-based IT-related companies had also shown interest in buying the premises six months ago, but this did not work out, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605960", "title": "Climate change deaths up 5-fold since 1970", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as one in four deaths worldwide in 2010 was caused by heart disease or stroke the top two killers that have remained constant for the past 40 years human mortality caused by climate change has shown the most dangerous spurt over the last four decades.The Global Burden of Disease Study, 2010, published by the British medical journal, The Lancet, on Thursday shows that there has been a 523% increase in mortality due to \"exposure to forces of nature\" the highest across 235 causes of death.Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia, thanks to ageing populations across the world, also saw a massive increase since 1970 by almost 245%. Mortality due to Parkinson's disease rose by over 107%.Men died the most of cardiovascular disease (12.8%), with road injuries and HIV being the second biggest killers at 10.7%.Interestingly, HIV became the biggest killer of women at 14.4% in 2010, with cardiovascular diseases accounting for nearly 11% of all deaths.The study, which has taken more than five years, involving 486 authors in 50 countries found that chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, lower respiratory infections and lung cancer make up the top five killers for 2010.Deaths due to HIV have made the largest jump - from 35th worst killer in 1970 to sixth in 2010. Mortality due to falls that was ranked 30th in 1970 jumped to 22nd in 2010, while liver cancer rose from the 24th slot to 16th worst killer. Chronic kidney disease was found to be the 18th deadliest killer as against 27th in 1970.Diorrhoea, road injury, diabetes, tuberculosis and malaria figured in the list of top 11 killers in 2010, followed by cirrhosis, self-harm, hypertensive heart disease and preterm birth complications.In absolute numbers, ischemic heart disease and stroke collectively caused 12.9 million deaths in 2010 compared to one in five of all deaths in 1990 (9.9 million deaths).In 2010, there were 52\u00c2\u00b78 million deaths globally.Non-communicable diseases (such as cancer, diabetes, and heart diseases) accounted for nearly two out of every three deaths worldwide in 2010, compared to around one in two of all deaths in 1990.Around 38% more people died of cancer in 2010 compared to 1990 (8 million deaths in 2010, compared to 5.8 million in 1990).The burden of HIV and malaria remain high, despite concerted efforts to tackle these communicable diseases in recent years.Deaths from HIV/AIDS increased from 0.3 million in 1990 to 1.5 million in 2010, reaching a peak of 1.7 million in 2006. Malaria mortality also increased by an estimated 19.9% since 1990 to 1.17 million deaths in 2010.Tuberculosis killed 1.2 million people in 2010. Deaths from non-communicable diseases (NCDs) rose by just under 8 million between 1990 and 2010, accounting for two of every three deaths (34.5 million) worldwide by 2010.Around 1.3 million deaths were due to diabetes twice as many as in 1990.The fraction of global deaths due to injuries (5.1 million deaths) was marginally higher in 2010 (9.6%) compared with two decades earlier (8.8%). This was driven by a 46% rise in deaths worldwide due to road traffic accidents (1.3 million in 2010) and a rise in deaths from various falls.For the study, the authors searched academic research papers, verbal autopsy results, hospital records, and censuses to identify as many published and unpublished data sources as possible which would be relevant to estimating causes of death in 187 countries in the last two decades. The data were then analyzed to estimate the number of deaths attributable to 235 different causes across all the countries.Professor Rafael Lozano, of the Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME) at the University of Washington , one of the study's authors, said, \"Our analyses, for the first time, allow such comparative assessments and are important inputs into discussions about goals and targets for the post- MDG era. The rapid and global rise in premature death from leading non-communicable diseases argues strongly for inclusion of these conditions, and their principal causes, in this agenda, particularly in view of their close relation to poverty reduction goals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608056", "title": "Bentley, ATVs to be on display in city", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the common man reels under the after-effects of the current economic slump, the recession-proof luxury sector is only growing in the city with many international brands of high-end products shifting focus to Hyderabad from other cities like Bangalore and Chennai.With such a rise in demand for luxury products in the city, officials of India's first-ever luxury expo too have chosen Hyderabad as the venue for its launch. \"The economic slump does not affect the luxury sector as the people who have money and have a taste for the finer things will always be ready to spend. Hyderabad lacks a luxury mall with all the major international brands despite people here having immense buying power,\" said Karan Bhangay, chief executive officer of The Indian Luxury Expo (TILE), which gets underway in the city on December 17Representatives from various brands who will participate in the three-day event said Hyderabad was one of the best markets for luxury items as the demand for such products was rapidly growing among the la-di-da crowd here.From high-end cars to imported home decor, Hyderabad has now become the hub for luxury product shopping with officials from many international brands reporting an increase in demand here.Krishna Vungarla, corporate sales manager at Exclusive Motors which deals in Bentley cars here, said that in the last year around 30 cars were delivered to Hyderabad which is double the number in Bangalore and Chennai. \"The demand in Hyderabad is increasing so fast that it is now almost on par with the market in Mumbai,\" said Vungarala.Officials from Polaris, which manufactures All Terrain Vehicles (ATV) too said that Hyderabad is the best market for high-end off road vehicles with nearly 50 enquires per month as the travellers here have a sense of adventure.The demand for Segways, an electric personal transport which is priced in the range of Rs 4.9 lakh to Rs 5.5 lakh too is on the rise here said officials. \"We have been receiving many orders from customers here. In the past two months, around 25 orders have been made in the city,\" said Jackson Anthony, an executive from Amadeus which deals in Segways.Brands participating in the event include heavyweights like Bentley, Rolls Royce, Lamborghini and Amby Valley among other high-end watch and yacht companies landing in town to woo the super-rich.Officials at a curtain-raiser for the event held on Thursday said that products worth nearly $500 million would be available under one roof during the expo. Apart from swanky rides and posh transportation tools, the expo will also feature designer jewellery, apparel, perfumes, home decor and a horde of other brands trying to woo the affluent denizens here.Neelima Koneru, dealer of KraftMaid cabinetry, a US-based decor company which provides personalised all-wood kitchens, walk-in closets and bathroom vanities, said the product is being launched for the first time in India at Hyderabad.\"I have already received around 40 queries from people who want to indulge in lavish wood work in their homes. People are ready to splurge as much as Rs 60 lakh for a fancy bathroom or closet. The city has a very strong international presence now and it makes perfect sense that brands like these want to cash in on the demand here,\" Koneru said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17607454", "title": "Shiromani Akali Dal sarpanch held for slapping Sanaur superintendent of panchayat department", "text": "PATIALA: The Civil Lines police arrested the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) sarpanch of Rathiya village late Wednesday night for allegedly slapping the superintendent of panchayat and rural development department posted in Sanaur office of department.Superintendent Jaspal singh had alleged on Wednesday that he was slapped by SAD sarpanch of Rathiya village Sukhjit Singh .\"We have registered a case against sarpanch for assaulting government employee and arrested Sukhjit on Wednesday night,\" said SHO Civil Lines police station Ranbir Singh.Sukhjit was sent in judicial remand by a court on Thursday.Immediately after the incident, Tejinderpal Sandhu , area incharge of ruling SAD, had disowned the sarpanch and even said that he belongs to Congress party.But sarpanch himself and senior Congress leaders of Patiala said, sarpanch belongs to SAD as he joined it before last assembly elections and campaigned for Sandhu. Vice president of Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee and former minister Lal Singh had also said, Sukhjit had leftCongress before last assembly elections and joined SAD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606498", "title": "Public grievance camp gets good response", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration on Thursday visited Ransika village to hear public grievances in person and solve them on the spot wherever possible. Deputy commissioner P C Meena and his team of officers stayed in the village overnight on Wednesday night. On Thursday morning the DC heard more than 100 public grievances and redressed most of them on the spot.'Prashasan Aapke Dwar' (administration at your doorstep) programme was organized in a far-flung village, Ransika, of Pataudi sub-division which is situated near the Gurgaon-Rewari border. The district administration officials, including deputy commissioner P C Meena, and officers of departments providing public utility services camped at the village on Wednesday night, had dinner with the villagers.On the next day, Thursday, the officers of the district administration checked sanitation in Ransika village and even motivated villagers to maintain cleanliness by sweeping the floor themselves. Afterwards, Meena heard the grievances of the villagers and directed the officers concerned to redress them at the earliest. Hundreds of villagers from Ransika and nearby villages thronged the camp and more than 100 grievances were redressed on the spot.\"The new initiative taken by the state government has come like a festive for villagers and they appeared happy with the new concept. Most of the complaints pertained to BPL cards, pension, subsidiary and the condition of streets in villages. I feel satisfired because with this new concept, we got a chance to move closer to the people,\" Meena told TOI.The officers of the district administration reached the venue of the programme at Government Primary School Ransika on Wednesday evening. A documentary, titled 'Badlaav', highlighting the importance of having a toilet in each household and health hazards of open defecation, was shown to the villagers during the night camp. The documentary was conceptualized by Meena when he was additional deputy commissioner in Rohtak.The folk artists of Information, Public Relations and Cultural Affairs Department Haryana entertained the audience and told them about various welfare schemes of the government through their songs and skits.Schoolchildren presented impressive skits on social issues like sanitation and literacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17607940", "title": "World Cup on, take diversion", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bollywood stars Katrina Kaif and Akshay Kumar, along with singers like Sukhminder Sukhi, will dazzle and add glitter to the Kabaddi World Cup finale on Saturday. But entertainment for residents will come at a price: traffic diversions. People will have to take these road routes created for the mega event -- expected to be attended by over 30,000 people from all across the state.The men's final match would be played at Guru Nanak Stadium on Saturday and it will be followed by a star-studded function, which will start at 6.30 pm and continue till 9.30 pm. Vikas Passy, spokesperson of the company that is organising the event along with the Punjab government, said, \"Katrina Kaif is coming and Akshay Kumar is also expected for the closing ceremony on Saturday. Other stars like singers Sukhminder Sukhi, Miss Pooja and some other Punjabi crooners as well would be coming for the occasion.\"The police have tried to make special arrangements for the day to ensure that residents do not face problems due to visit by hordes of VIPs and local politicians.Assistant commissioner police, traffic, Elanchezhian said that they have not only made traffic diversions but also earmarked special parking points as well. For those who would be coming from Ferozepur road side, including Mullanpur, Pakhowal, Raikot, a parking arrangement for the buses has been put in place at the Feroze Gandhi market. For small vehicles, parking lots have been set up in the new district courts and Punjabi Bhavan. Those coming from Hambran road and Haibowal side can park their vehicles at old courts and parking places opposite the session's chowk and sadar police station. Visitors coming from Gill road, Malerkotla, Shimlapuri and Dugri would be able to park their vehicles at government girl's school near ESI hospital.Meanwhile, parking zones for people coming from Chandigarh and Delhi road has been made at the government college for women opposite Durga Mata temple. Police officers and media persons would have their parking lot on the road near Shastri hall, close to the railway colony.Talking about the diversions, Passy said that all the cuts from the Mall road to the Fountain Chowk that lead to Guru Nanak stadium would be closed. The roads leading to Fountain Chowk and Guru Nanak stadium from Ferozepur road have been closed for the public. Besides, heavy traffic would not be allowed from Ladhowal Chowk, Jalandhar bypass, Sherpur Chowk, Kohara Chowk, Sahnewal Chowk, Tibba Pul, Gill bridge on Sidhwan, Dugri bridge, Pakhowal bridge, Lodhi club traffic lights, Vishwakarma Chowk and ESI Hospital cut. Diversions would be made according to the requirements on these roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607301", "title": "Bumpy rides give denizens a backache", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: If GVMC officials are to be believed, then the over 4.29 lakh vehicle owners in Vizag, who wage battles against pothole ridden roads across the city on a daily basis, will have to wait till February to have a smoother, hassle-free ride.According to GVMC officials, the corporation is gearing up to take up repair works on various roads, on a war footing after December. \"The process is in the estimation stage. Once that is done, the tenders will be invited. We hope to complete the work by the end of February,\" said B Jayarami Reddy, GMVC chief engineer.At present, Rs 7.21 crore has been sanctioned for widening and setting-up of a central divider on the 1.2 km stretch of South Jail Road. Repair works for over 15 km at Dabagardens, Dwarakanagar, Akkayapalem road would be taken up at a cost of Rs 15 crore upon receiving administrative sanction, Reddy said.Several roads including those near Dabagardens, Seethammapeta main road, which connects NH 16 to RTC Complex, Dondaparthy main road, South Jail Road, Ambedkar Statue, Pandimetta Junction have been crying for attention from authorities concerned.Needless to say that the delays in fixing the troublesome roads and the burgeoning traffic has Vizagites up in arms. Complaining about the condition of roads, Raghu, an autodriver, said that roads near Dabagardens are the worst in the city. \"Only one part of the road is motorable. The other part is full of potholes and there is no tar left on the road.\"Venting his anger against the authorities, Srinivas Babu, a resident of Dwarkanagar, pointed out that apart from the fact that city's roads have not been repaired for several years, a large number of commercial complexes and educational institutions had sprung up on various roads causing jams and adding to parking woes.\"You can see heavy traffic in Dwarakanagar. The offices of many private bus operators are located on this road and it is used by private and government buses. But the road continues to be neglected by officials. The large number of commercial complexes and educational institutions on this road has created several problems for residents but officials are yet to wake up,\" Babu said.The pathetic condition of roads is not only causing traffic jams but has also resulted in a rise in the number of accidents on the city's roads, something that is not only irking citizens but traffic cops as well.\"Over the last three months there have been close to 20 accidents in Dabagardens and Jagadamba areas due to the bad condition of the roads,\" said a senior traffic cop, pointing out that the construction of Asilmetta flyover was also a cause of unending anguish.\"With the narrow road below the flyover connecting the railway station, is also in a pitiful state. Road blocks are often caused by cranes deployed at construction sites as well,\" the traffic cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607477", "title": "Hunger stir in support of endosulfan victims", "text": "MANGALORE: Social activist PV Mohan, under the banner of Endosulfan Virodhi Horata Samiti, staged a daylong hunger strike in front of the deputy commissioner's here on Wednesday demanding announcement of suitable packages, compensation and relief for endosulfan victims of Dakshina Kannada district.Former commissioner of Mangalore City Corporation and Congress leader J R Lobo inaugurated the hunger strike.Lobo lamented the approach of the state government in providing rehabilitation package for victims and urged the state government to take immediate measures to mitigate the sufferings of the victims. Prof Vishwanath, lecturer, said after Bhopal gas tragedy, endosulfan was the most destructive tragedy in the history of the country. For two decades, authorities have failed to understand its impact.Former Puttur MLA Shakuntala Shetty said that there was a need to establish rehabilitation centres for endosulfan victims because there were many children suffering and those orphaned by endosulfan had no one to look after them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17606839", "title": "DAVV employees call off strike", "text": "INDORE: Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) employees called off their strike on Thursday after an assurance from senior officials of higher education department to sort out their issues on priority.The officer bearers of the employees' association had a meeting with principle secretary and commissioner higher education on Thursday where issues were discussed. On the matter of pension and gratuity as per sixth pay commission, a committee was constituted by finance department, which will give its recommendation in a month's time or latest by March 31next year.On issues related to appointment on vacant posts in DAVV, a meeting has been scheduled on December 22 where registrar and office bearers of employees' association will take a final call. The employees of the varsity have been on strike for the last ten days and demanding action on their 12-point charter.DAVV Non-Teaching Employee Association general secretary Rakesh Yadav said, \"We have postponed our strike after assurances from the higher officials. We are looking forward to concrete solutions this time. If not, we will carry on with our protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606089", "title": "IMA's public awareness session on obesity related complications", "text": "NAGPUR: City chapter of Indian Medical Association has organized a public awareness programme on complications of obesity. The programme will have an expert panel consisting of doctors from various disciplines speaking about the treatment and management of these complications.The programme will be held at IMA Hall, North Ambazari Road, on Sunday at 9.30 am. It will be conducted in Hindi, Marathi as well as English.\"The panel will have paediatricians, cardiologists, diabetologists and many other specialists who will interact with people during the programme. We will touch upon the many health problems that can arise out of obesity ,\" said Dr Harish Chandak, president of IMA, Nagpur chapter.The panel will include city president of Indian Academy of Paediatricians Dr Jayant Upadhye, diabetologist Dr Pramod Gandhi, cardiologist Dr Pramod Mundhada, gynaecologist Dr Sunita Ghike, surgeons Dr Prashant Rathi and Dr Prachi Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17611317", "title": "England are bowling reverse swing better than India: Wasim Akram", "text": "NAGPUR: One of the finest exponents of reverse swing, former Pakistan skipper Wasim Akram feels the Indian bowlers have not been able to use the art as well as their English counterparts are, in the ongoing Test series.\"Look at the state of the ball in Calcutta when the two teams were bowling. When India had the ball it was average looking. Nobody was bothering to shine the ball, or take responsibility for keeping it dry.\"When England bowled it was different. One side of the ball was shiny and the other dry,\" Akram said.The 46-year-old thought the Indians are not running in hard enough to get the delivery going.\"I think England have realised that you have to sprint in to bowl reverse swing. Compare them both to Ishant and Zaheer. England's bowlers were sprinting.\"You have to put that effort in to bowl reverse swing. Wasim, Waqar (Younis) and Imran (Khan), we reversed it because we ran in hard,\" he said.Akram said a pacer should know his ball well in order to bowl reverse swing.\"Learn how to look after the cricket ball itself and also know your ball. The Kookaburra will take 40-50 overs to reverse, the Duke about 30 overs and the SG (which is used in India) will take about 10-15 overs. All these details every bowler should know,\" he told a newspaper.James Anderson and Co, according to Akram, is bowling more like the Pakistan team.\"The way they bowled tells me England will only get better in this series because they have the knowledge of reverse swing. To me it looked like the Pakistan team were playing out there, it really did.Akram is especially impressed with spearhead Anderson. \"The skill is phenomenal. James Anderson has got the knack of reverse swing and will only get better. I reckon he is on a par with Dale Steyn .\"Finn is raw and a bit wayward but he has the pace and just needs to spend more time with Mushy (bowling coach Mushtaq Ahmed .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17611047", "title": "Despite poaching cases, Madhya Pradesh hopes to become 'tiger state' again", "text": "BHOPAL: Notwithstanding the recent death of four tigers in Madhya Pradesh due to electrocution and poaching, the state government is hopeful of winning back the 'tiger state' status from Karnataka after the next census of the big cats.Four tigers died recently in the state-- three due to electrocution and another one succumbed to its injuries after it was allegedly trapped by poachers.Though there was an increase in the number of tigers in Madhya Pradesh by 43 in the last tiger census, the total number of the big cats found in the state was 257, whereas Karnataka was ahead in the count as nearly 300 tigers were spotted in the state. This resulted in Madhya Pradesh losing the 'tiger state' title to Karnataka, which the former had carried for several years.However, Madhya Pradesh Forest Minister Sartaj Singh says he is hopeful that the state would get back the coveted 'tiger state' from Karnataka in the next census.\"I have been saying that in the last tiger census, those responsible for counting tigers have done so in a wrong manner, which we will rectify next time and get back the coveted 'tiger state' status,\" Sartaj told PTI here today.\"We are hopeful that this time the tiger count would cross the 300-mark,\" he said.Referring to the recent incidents of electrocution of tigers, the minister said that members of a particular tribe indulged in poaching for their livelihood.In June this year, a full grown male tiger died due to electrocution in Kathoutia range in Sehore district about 32 km away from the state capital.In September, a sub-adult male tiger lost its life after getting trapped. The hind limbs of the tiger were paralysed in the process, following which, it died.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17608163", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s time to book a date with your favourite titles", "text": "BANGALORE: Book lovers, take note. It's that time of the year again. Mark your calendar for a rich literary rendezvous . The tenth edition of the Bangalore Book Festival will start on Friday at the Palace Grounds. The objective of the fest is to instil a sense of pride about its cultural heritage among young, budding writers , say the organizers. To accomplish this, they have invited award-winning writers in regional languages to participate in various seminars and symposiums being held at the fest.\"The festival looks at promoting regional language literature and we are eager to initiate dialogue between budding writers and the already established names,\" said BS Raghuram, convenor of the book festival.Ten Jnanpith award winners who write in different regional languages will congregate at the event. The Bengaluru Sahityotsava will also be held as part of the festival which will conclude on December 23. .Over 307 stalls with plenty of titles across languages, it'll be every bookworm's paradise . Around 90 Kannada publishers, 150 English publishers and many other regional language publishers will show up. Developers of book applications and ebooks , book portals and online book sellers, along with e-learning companies will also be present.The show is being organized by the Indian Illustrated Classics and Bangalore Book Sellers and Publishers Association, and supported by Central Sahitya Academy and the department of Kannada and culture, government of Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607717", "title": "Rs 98 lakh pipeline to solve south\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s water woes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Thousands of residents of city's southern part can finally say goodbye to their water woes. The water and supply committee of the Municipal Corporation (MC) on Thursday passed a Rs 98-lakh proposal to lay down a new pipeline from main water works in Sector 39 to Sector 52 water works. The plan had already got a nod from the general house of the civic body around a month back, but was sent back to water supply committee for final review.The new water pipeline will provide uninterrupted and smooth supply to people in sectors 42, 43, 44, 45, 47, 48, 49, 50, 51 and 52. The supply line had suffered a damage near Beant Singh Memorial in Sector 42 around five months back. Since then, residents have been reeling under poor water supply.Currently, engineering wing of the MC has made temporary arrangements and is providing water supply to the affected residents from the Sector 32-based water works. But due to water sharing, people of many other sectors - who have been getting water directly from this water works - started encountering low and interrupted supply.Mukesh Bassi, chairman of the water supply and sewerage disposal committee of the MC, said, \"The proposal was passed by the general house, but members had doubts. Therefore, the house asked the committee to visit the spot and take stock of the project, including its financial feasibility. The committee visited the place and got the confusions cleared.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17606712", "title": "Girder on foot overbridge soon", "text": "KOCHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will begin the work of placing the steel girder of the foot overbridge (FOB) on the sides of north railway overbridge (ROB) in a few days. This would facilitate the demolition of the main motor bay for the Kochi Metro project.The Metro authority has ensured the availability of high capacity cranes to place the girder over railway tracks.According to DMRC officials, the girder would be placed as soon as they receive clearance from the railways for stopping train services at night. While executing the work, they will also block the movement of traffic on the main motor bay. Though the Metro authority wanted to carry out the work much earlier, it was delayed as cranes with a capacity of 120 tonnes were not available.The girder for the FOB is heavier and longer than the ones used for side bays. The girder weighs 49 tonnes, is 37 meters long and 4.2 meters wide. The girders used for side bays weighed 45 tonnes and were 34 meters long and 2.75 meters wide. The trailer carrying the girder will be placed between the two cranes stationed on the motor bay. The girder will be placed connecting the concrete steps constructed on either side of the rail track.Since there was no FOB, pedestrians took the footpath on either side of the main carriage way to cross the bridge.Later, when DMRC drafted the preparatory work for the Metro, the FOB was designed along with the redesigned north ROB .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17611386", "title": "Monaz Mevawala and Tia Gandwani in Durga!", "text": "Jai Jag Janani Maa Durga is all set to surface on Colors with a new flavour. After a long time, post Jai Shri Krishna, starring Dhriti Bhatia, the channel has geared up to launch a mythological show now. Known names such as Ashnoor Kaur, Vikram Virk, Amit Pachori, Daya Shankar were already mentioned in the media. TOI.com exclusively wrote about Piyali Munshi, who will play the role of Maa Durga.Now, the latest we have heard is that Monaz Mevawala and Tia Gandwani will join the cast. Monaz is currently seen in Sahara One's Jhilmil Sitaron Ka Angan Hoga while Tia was last seen as Mihika in Woh Rehnewali Mehlon Ki and would to television after a hiatus.Both these actresses will be seen essaying Hiranyakashipu's wife. Sources says, \"As Hiranyakashipu has 60 wives, Mona and Tia will play two of these 60. Mona will portray the character of Danu while Tia will essay Kayadhu. Kayadhu is the one who delivers devotee Pralhad while Danu has two kids.\"When contacted, Monaz said, \"I am very excited that for the first time I will essay a hardcore negative character, Danu, who knows black magic and can see the future and can also play with the planets. She is the main negative character in the show.\"Monaz being part of Jhilmil Sitaron Ka on Sahara One , will now juggle between two shows, \"I am happy to work for two shows at the same time as dates are being managed by both the production houses.\"All our efforts to reach Tia were futile.Keep reading this space for more updates!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608079", "title": "10,000 jobs up for grabs in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: The new year is all set to ring in good news for the jobless youth in the state. The Staff Selection Commission (SSC) is embarking on a recruitment drive to fill over one lakh vacancies in various departments across the country of which AP's share would be 10,000, including backlogs.Addressing a press conference on Thursday, SSC chairman N K Raghupathy said applications would be invited for Group B non-gazetted and Group B non-technical posts in different government departments including Central Armed Police Forces, Food Corporation of India and Prasara Bharathi.He said applications for the post of constable and sub-inspector would be issued on December 15. Of the 22,000 vacancies in the paramilitary forces like Assam Rifles, Border Security Force (BSF), Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) across the country, 2,700 would be recruited from AP. \"The SSC is aiming at filling over one lakh vacancies in various departments across the country, and AP will get around 10,000 jobs ,\" said Raghupathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607710", "title": "DSPs may have to shunt out to other UTs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Deputy superintendents of police of UT may finally have to move out of Chandigarh, as after a flip-flop, UT administration plans to merge DSPs in Chandigarh with the Delhi Andaman Nicobar Island Civil Services (DANICS) cadre.UT home secretary Anil Kumar confirmed that the merger was likely and a final decision will be taken soon.There has been an opposition plea on the move that 12 posts of DSPs have already been vacant in the city and the UT won't be able to spare more DSPs, Kumar said. The idea was first mooted in 2009 to ensure that police officials in the city don't have the luxury of serving in the same city till they retire.The administration has already given a nod to deputation of DSPs from other UTs in the city and three DSPs from Punjab and two from Haryana have are already on deputation with the Chandigarh Police.The administration's earlier decision to resist the merger had evoked strong reactions from various quarters. Federation of Resident Welfare Associations of Chandigarh ( FOSWAC) had condemned the move of the ministry of home affairs to merge the DSP cadres of the Chandigarh police with the DANICS cadre, opining that it would not be possible to spare DSPs from Chandigarh for posting in other UTs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606994", "title": "Lokayukta out of RTI: HC gives deadline to govt", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court has given the Madhya Pradesh government a last opportunity to file its reply on a public interest litigation (PIL) that challenged the constitutional validity of its decision to exempt the anti-graft agencies - the special police establishment (SPE), Lokayukta and the Economic Offences Wing (EOW) - from the ambit of Right to Information Act (RTI).The bench of Chief Justice Sharad Aravind Bobde and Justice Mulchand Garg during the hearing on Wednesday gave the state government last opportunity to file its reply and posted the case for next hearing on January 16.Meanwhile, the Lokayukta organisation had in its reply justified the government stand, pointing out that intelligence gathering was its main function and even the union government had done the same with the central bureau of investigation ( CBI).The state government through a notification issued on August 25, 2011 had exempted these two investigating agencies from the purview of RTI Act invoking its Section 24 (4).In August 2012, RTI activist Ajay Dubey, moved court challenging the notification, alleging that the state government has misused Section 24(4) to exempt these agencies from RTI with a mala fide intention.Under Section 24(4), only the organisations responsible for intelligence and security can be excluded from the purview of the RTI Act but the Lokayukta's SPE and EOW do not come under this category, the petitioner's counsels Rajesh Chand argued pleading that the notification should be quashed.\"Government has taken this step to shelter those high officials, whose cases are pending before the Lokayukta and EOW \"claims Dubey. The 'exemption' has close links to the alleged 'Dumper Scam', he alleged adding \"In 2010 SPE was investigating the dumper scam and chief minister (CM) was under agency scanner, thus the chief of Lokayukta had no right, morally and ethically, to send a letter to CM requesting the exemption\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17607576", "title": "More young blood infusing the police force", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat police seems to be going through a phase quite similar to the Hollywood flick - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button. The state police force seems to be regaining its youth as young recruits are flooding the state police.\"We now have one of the youngest forces in the country. Gujarat police has the largest number of cops below 35 years of age,\" said the director general of Gujarat police, Chittaranjan Singh. No less than 22,000 senior and junior cops have joined in the last six years alone.The result of this is that the quintessential pot-bellied cops are fast being replaced by young, suave cops who are more educated and focused than their predecessors.Police sub-inspector Kiran Chaudhary, 29, who is now posted in the crime branch, is a Bachelor of Engineering specializing in electronics and communication. After working for some time as a deputy engineer with a diary company, Chaudhary's desire to live life on the edge and take up a job that will offer fresh challenges everyday convinced him to join the men in khaki five years back.\"I joined the police force because it is quite different from the run-of-the-mill jobs in the government and private sectors. There is no way to get bored here, I love the exhilaration of crime investigation,\" said Chaudhary, whose father is a farmer in Palanpur.The likes of Chaudhary were quite alien in 1960 when Gujarat police came into being. Then very few denizens of the state were ready to join the force. \"It was not considered a respectable job at that time. Uniformed people were not welcome in marriage ceremonies and social functions because cops' presence would be considered an insult,\" said a retired senior police officer of Gujarat.Retired public relations officer of Ahmedabad police commissioner, Ashwin Jani, said: \"It was quite difficult to get candidates from Gujarat, willing to join the state police force. Till 1965, whenever Gujarat police wanted to recruit new jawans, they used to go with empty buses to states like Maharashtra, UP, Haryana and Rajasthan. There they used to actually beat drums to announce that a recruitment camp was being held for Gujarat police. Whoever was interested was brought to Gujarat.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606122", "title": "Brace for chilly weekend", "text": "MUMBAI: If you have been experiencing chilly wind, you have been right in thinking that another cold wave is here in Mumbai.The temperature has been steadily dipping in the last few days and is likely to plummet further over the weekend, said the weather department.On Thursday, the minimum temperature recorded in Santa Cruz was 16.4 degrees Celsius, more than two degrees below normal. Even Colaba recorded a minimum temperature of 20.7 degrees , which is normal, said the India Meteorological Department (IMD).According to the IMD, the chill in the north is headed for Mumbai. \"The winds are currently northerly, because of which the temperature in the city has been dipping,\" said V K Rajeev, director (weather forecast) of the IMD, Mumbai.\"For the next 2-3 days, the temperatures will remain below normal. After that, it will be back to normal,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607206", "title": "Science conclave: Enlightening deliberations on penultimate day", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Successful research doesn't always make an immediate impact on the society, but over time and once a technology proves feasible, its impact can be dramatic, said Dr Timothy G Lenihan, Sahyadri College of Engineering and Management, Mangalore Karnataka, presenting his views on the penultimate day of the ongoing Science Conclave here at Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) on Thursday.Presenting a case study of a government-funded research &amp; development project with industry to develop the next generation of integrated passive electronic packaging, he began his speech talking about Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), focusing on developing new technologies and applications for multi-chip electronic packaging using thin film technologies. According to him, all technologies will be put up on a flexible film which is like a thin piece of paper.With the ongoing five-day Science conclave at the Indian Institute of Information Technology Allahabad (IIIT-A) coming to an end, eminent scientists including the Nobel laureates apprised budding science students with their new research works.Robert F Curl, Nobel Prize winner in 1996 in the field of chemistry spoke about exploring elementary carbon, saying that besides two basic elemental forms of carbon-crystalline and amorphous-some other forms exist as diamond and graphite and amorphous forms like activated charcoal, fibre, vitreous, etc. He talked about the onion structures of carbon and graphene, a single sheet of graphite, its unit cell, electronic energies, ribbons and glassy carbon.He concluded his speech talking about fluorescence of semiconductor, describing it as \"single-walled carbon nano tube\" (SWCNT) and SWCNT Raman spectra. The Nobel scientist was felicitated by Shekhar Verma.Bibudhendra Sarkar from the Hospital For Sick Children, Toronto and Department of Biochemistry, Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto, Canada threw light on 'Translational research: Bench-to-bedside medicine for treating orphan genetic diseases'. He explained genetic diseases in detail in a talk focused on orphans or neglected genetic diseases such as Wilson Disease and Menkes Disease and how the former disease happens due to toxic accumulation of copper in liver while latter is due to deficiency in copper transport causing neurodegeneration and said children were more prone to these diseases.He highlighted challenges to treat genetic diseases saying their symptoms were often ignored and said these diseases were progressive, serious, life-limiting and life-threatening and we still don't know what to do with the patients. He was felicitated by Hari Prakash.Joseph Sifakis, RISD Laboratory, EPFL spoke on 'System design: building a smarter world', talking about the evolution of information service and technology (IST). He said the system was present everywhere and was integrating hardware as well as software. He talked about the new trends in system design, system design status and vision and also talked about multi-core systems, sensors, sensor networks and Internet-based systems. After that he talked about applications of system design which are smart transportation systems, e-health, smart grids and ambient intelligence.The lectures in the main pandal were followed by a series of interactions organized for INSPIRE and other higher educational institutions.'Nrityarutya', a professional organisation for development of contemporary dance in India presented its performance. Through its work it supports understanding of new Indian dance expressions arising from its unique urban structures of living, physical (martial, dance and movement) traditions and performing practices.It is one of the few contemporary dance companies is India empanelled with the ICCR (Indian Council of Cultural Relations). Founded in 2000 by artistic director Mayuri Upadhya, the company has presented its work worldwide at various international venues and dance festivals along with associate directors, Madhuri Upadya, Geetha Ballal and Sathya B G. Upadhya who led the troupe is one of the most acclaimed choreographers in modern Indian dance. She has recently been awarded with the 'International Competition of choreography for Asian Dance Production' award of South Korea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605614", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcNo compromise on building any memorial in park\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday rejected the Shiv Sena's latest proposal on a memorial for Bal Thackeray at Shivaji Park presented by party chief Uddhav Thackeray through the party's mouthpiece, Saamna.Uddhav said Sainiks would move the temporary structure where Bal Thackeray was cremated to the periphery of the park. \"The stance of the Shiv Sena on the samadhi sthal has always been that of restraint. A permanent samadhi sthal will come up at 'Shiv Tirth' by shifting the present samadhi sthal a little,\" Uddhav said, toning down the high-pitched demands that the makeshift memorial should not be touched.Chavan stayed firm that there was no question of either the government or the BMC conceding such a demand. \"There is no compromise. We will not grant permission for construction of the Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park. Shiv Sena will have to remove the makeshift memorial, or else the BMC will step in to remove the temporary structure,\" Chavan said.The chief minister said several proposals on a Thackeray memorial at Shivaji Park were presented to him a few days ago by Sena leader Subhash Desai and mayor Sunil Prabhu.\"I made it clear to the Sena leaders that there was absolutely no scope for granting permission for construction of a memorial at Shivaji Park. In fact, in the same meeting, I had told them to quickly remove the temporary structure,\" Chavan said.A senior bureaucrat said the Sena had wanted a piece of land in one corner of Shivaji Park, naming the proposed Navi Mumbai airport after the Sena supremo and a recommendation to the Centre to release a postal stamp in memory of Bal Thackeray.The official said both the BMC and the law-enforcing agencies were prepared to remove the makeshift memorial. \"Since talks were in progress between Sena leaders and the CM, we were expecting an amicable solution. Apparently, no agreement has been reached. In our opinion, a reasonable period is over and once the political head of state gives us the green signal, the temporary structure will be removed immediately,\" he said.A day after the death of Bal Thackeray on November 17, Chavan had granted special permission for his cremation at Shivaji Park.It was expected that since the permission is for a specific purpose, the Sena would remove the temporary structure on its own within a reasonable period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605408", "title": "Crimes against women rise 10%", "text": "MUMBAI: The acid attack on a physiotherapist in Worli, the rape of an expatriate in Bandra, the harassment of a girl in neighbouring Dombivli are no stray incidents of delinquency. As statistics compiled by police show, crimes against women are continually increasing in Mumbai.The number of arrests for eve-teasing, sexual harassment and abduction of women, they demonstrate, are already about 10% more than last year's and the tally of apprehensions for rape and molestation are not considerably behind.Till November 25 this year, Mumbai police had caught 179 men for sexual harassment or eve-teasing and 133 men for kidnapping women. Against this, in whole of 2011, the figure for sexual harassment was 162 and for abduction was 122. This increase, though distressing, was still less than that from 2010 to 2011. Then, the arrests for molestation rose by 24%, for rape by 10%, for eve-teasing by 35%, for kidnapping of women by 13%.As in Mumbai, so the trend in Maharashtra. The state figured third in an ignominious set of data collated by the National Crime Records Bureau on crimes against women.As it shows, between 2007 and 2011, Uttar Pradesh made the most arrests in cases of molestation, rape and abduction; for sexual harassment alone, 58,120 men were apprehended in the northern state. Following it in the listing was Andhra Pradesh, which in the span of five years made 42,705 arrests for sexual harassment and 7,692 for rape. Trailing not far behind, Maharashtra caught 15,341 men for molestation and 10,312 for rape.Acknowledging the disquieting development in the city and the state at large, joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy said, \"A nationwide campaign is needed to re-ignite India's core values. This can come only through consensus in society. Men who turn a blind eye to such brutal acts in their neighbourhoods, communities and families are just as culpable as those who perpetrate the acts. Action from courts and police will not suffice if the community remains defiantly opposed to change.\"Former police officer and lawyer Y P Singh suggested police use preventive sections under the Code of Criminal Procedure against suspected offenders to create a deterrent. Even in a minor complaint lodged by a woman, he said, police should make the offender sign a bond under section 107 of the code.\"Punishments need to be exemplary. There has to be a shock-and-awe campaign against those who kill or violate women. Fast-track courts should be established to ensure that the law is surgical and unrelenting in ensuring that offenders face the full force of justice, regardless of their rank and station,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17607375", "title": "Tibetans pin hopes on Dalai Lama-Xi Jinping rapport", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The thousands of exiled Tibetans, living in this hill town, see a ray of hope whenever the Chinese leadership is under transition. This was specially so after 2008, when China denounced their autonomy proposal after nine rounds of talks. Fortunately for them, they have strong reasons to pin their hopes on the upcoming leadership in China this time.Elderly monks and Tibetan leaders here have stated that Dalai Lama was once close to Xi Zhongxun, father of Xi Jinping, who is in line to become China's next president.Often seen discussing the leadership changes in China, the monks and others, residing near the main Buddhist temple \"Tsug-la-khang\" in McLeodganj, maintained that during 1950s, Xi Zhongxun, former vice-premier and father of Xi Jinping, had close relations with Dalai Lama and that he had admiration for Panchen Lama as well.\"There are reasons to be optimistic, as I believe that he might take a different line on Tibet and will surely consider the Tibetan cause, as his father had respect for our spiritual leaders. Though China's policies for Tibet are unpredictable, we have some good reason for optimism this time,\" said Tenzin Gompo, a monk, dressed in his red robe.Moreover, a few months back, Dalai Lama, who had reportedly gifted a watch to Zhongxun in 1954 in Beijing, had expressed optimism about the upcoming leadership in China, terming Xi Jinping as a \"very friendly, comparatively more open-minded and very nice\".Though authorities at the Tibetan government in exile are not sure that the Chinese leaders will opt a different line towards Tibetan cause, they too have expectations about a favorable change due to this reason.\"Prime Minister Lobsang Sangay has also talked about this fact in a recent meeting of Tibetan support groups. We believe that Xi Jinping is a liberal leader. His wife is a famous folk singer and popular among masses. We hope this liberal approach will produce some good results. But will the son be like his father is yet to be seen,\" said Pema Chinjor, minister in exile for religion and culture. Sangay has mentioned that Dalai Lama had met Zhongxun in 1954, he added.Xi Zhongxun died in 2002 and had opposed the crackdown on 1989 Tiananmen student protests, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607229", "title": "Inebriated man stabs two persons", "text": "INDORE: Panic gripped Kulkarni Ka Bhatta area on Thursday morning when an inebriated man reportedly stabbed two persons here on Thursday morning.Pardeshipura police in-charge Abdul Hamid Khan said that the accused Rohan, under the influence of some intoxicants, stabbed two people. He is still at large, said Khan adding that the incident took place at around 10.30 am.One Deepak Gupta, a resident of MIG Colony, was going to office when Rohan intercepted him and stabbed on his face. Few people took him to local police station and then he was admitted to MY Hospital for treatment. Deepak has sustained stabbing injury on his face. The same accused stabbed another person named Hansraj, causing minor injuries to him. He himself reached the police station and lodged a complaint.Both the victims were going to office during the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606594", "title": "Bravehearts win CM's heart", "text": "KOLKATA: They only followed their instincts, doing what they thought was right, not bothered about the tribulations or the consequences that were in store. Little did they know that Kolkata Police was keeping a close watch, as they hit the headlines for walking the road no one would dare to tread. Now, it was time to introduce \"expose\"them to the world.But what better way of acknowledging their honesty and courage than getting certificates from the chief minister before an august gathering?Kolkata Police on Thursday organized an elaborate programme to bring under the spotlight all these \"bold and dutiful\" citizens at the felicitation ceremony 2012 with chief minister Mamata Banerjee as the chief guest.As the event came to a close and the audience dispersed, Pramod Singh stayed put at the Science City auditorium, engulfed in euphoria: \"I just did what was right, not knowing there would be so much praise for me,\" he said. The taxi driver had returned a wallet, full of cash, to the officials at Jadavpur police station on October 15. The passenger was eventually traced and the money was returned.Something similar was achieved by Gobinda Saha, who had submitted to the police a bag, full of Rs 25,000, he had found near Beliaghata Joramandir. \"The chief minister has promised me a job in Kolkata Police. I can't believe my luck,\" said Saha.Rekha Khandelwal, mother of eight-year-old Varun Khandelwal, was desperately looking for the photographs of her son, taken with the chief minister. In August, last year, Varun - only seven then - had one of his hands cut off from the elbow after it got stuck in the lift of his house. The boy went to his fifth floor apartment and calmly informed his grandmother, who was alone in the house at that time, and the two went to the nearby CMRI Hospital. At the hospital, plastic surgeon Anupam Golash operated on him. His muscles, tendon nerves and veins were re-implanted in an operation, lasted for nearly five hours.\"The chief minister asked me how my hand was. I showed her my hand and she was smiling,\" said Varun, not knowing what the fuss was all about.But for Urvi Desai, the courageous resident of Allenby Road who had retrieved her gold chain from two miscreants who were trying to flee with it, Thursday's event was a dream coming true. \"I have heard so much about the chief minister and drawn inspiration from her. It was great being honoured by her,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17606439", "title": "Underground drainage pipes on road choke traffic at Lakshmi Mill Junction", "text": "COIMBATORE: Vehicular movement was severely affected at the Lakshmi Mill Junction on Thursday as a result of the ongoing underground drainage (UGD) work on Puliyakulam Road.The contractors and the labourers engaged in laying drainage pipes on Puliyakulam are presently digging trenches and laying pipelines near the extreme end of the road where it joins Avinashi Road.The pipelines to be laid underground were kept on the road, where a portion of central median was removed restricting the vehicles to use the available space on the single lane. However, motorists were in for a minor relief late evening, after the pipelines were laid underground creating space to allow vehicular movement in both lanes of the road.\"The traffic movement has been severely affected on Puliyakulam road after the UGD work began. But now since this is close to the traffic signal it is becoming extremely difficult,\" said P Sreenivasan, a two-wheeler rider.The traffic movement became a major issue as several vehicles use the Puliyakulam road to reach Trichy Road.The presence of educational institutions on the road is also another reason for causing vehicular congestion especially when parents and contract carrier vehicles arrive to drop and pick-up children during the week days.Some vehicles had to divert through Sungam and Redfields to reach Avinashi Road to avoid the congestion at the signal.The UGD works are being carried out on Puliyakulam Road up to Nanjundapuram for the past few months as part of the second package of the UGD project of Coimbatore municipal corporation under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.\"We hope the corporation completes the drainage line project at the earliest,\" said KT Gyanesh, an engineer working with a private firm and a two-wheeler rider who regularly use the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606414", "title": "Boy kidnapped for not paying meher", "text": "RANCHI: Md Basir of Latehar, some 100 km from here, had to pay a heavy price for refusing to pay up meher, a mandatory amount of money that a husband needs to give to the wife according to Islamic laws.Family members of the woman kidnapped Bashir on Thursday after he refused to pay his wife the meher amount. Police later recovered the boy in the evening. Bashir refused to pay the money even after mutual separation with his wife. This led to a tiff between the two families.On Thursday morning, seven persons kidnapped Bashir, who runs a tailoring shop in Latehar, from a market place and took him to an undisclosed location in an SUV.Basir, who runs a tailoring shop in Latehar, had married a couple of years back a Muslim girl (name of the girl has not been written in the FIR) from Kamta village in Chandwa locality, said Latehar SP.An FIR was later lodged with Latehar police station in which Md Saifuddin, father of the boy, accused seven persons, all relatives of the girl's family, of abducting his son, said Kranti Kumar Garhdeshi, SP-Latehar.According to Islamic law, during nikah, both families decide on an amount that the groom has to pay the bride. The amount is paid to the girl when she demands it, said Anwar Qasmi of Emarat-e-Shariya.Though there is no time frame for the amount to be paid, in cases of divorce it becomes mandatory for the husband to pay the amount, said Qasmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17607073", "title": "ACB lists call records in chargesheet", "text": "JAIPUR: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) has listed several mobile phone calls, visits to Jodhpur for extortion and surveillance communication record as evidence in the chargesheet filed against IPS officer Ajay Singh who was arrested in Ajmer on corruption charges six months ago.The chargesheet filed in an Ajmer court on Thursday mentioned Singh's visit to Jodhpur to extort money from an ACB complainant. The visit has been substantiated in the chargesheet on the basis of the records of a hotel where the IPS officer had stayed and the mobile phone calls that he made to the ACB complainant. The chargesheet also lists about 25 people as prosecution witnesses in the case.IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra told TOI that the agency had received the sanction to prosecute Singh from the government on Tuesday.\"As our investigation against Singh was already complete, we filed the chargesheet on Wednesday,\" Mishra said.Addl SP, ACB, Manish Tripathi who probed the case said the bureau had found strong evidence against Singh during the course of the investigation.Singh was arrested June 20 after his reader, ASI Prem Singh, was caught red-handed at Ajmer's Ramganj police station demanding bribe from one Bhawani Singh of Jodhpur's Bilara block. Bhawani Singh was an employee with the multi-level marketing firm, MBD Company, which allegedly fled with the smalltime investors' money. IPS Singh was investigating the case against this company and had allegedly demanded the bribe to give a clean chit to Bhawani, who reported the matter to the ACB.Soon after the trap of Prem Singh, IPS Singh was nabbed by the ACB at Kanota Village near Jaipur.\"We had listed the surveillance communication record as evidence in the chargesheet. There are several calls between Prem Singh and Ajay Singh while they were speaking about the bribe. Besides, statement of the complainant Bhawani Singh had been recorded under Section 164 of the CrPC. The reports of his turning hostile are false,\" Tripathi said.Tripathi further said said prior to the trap of Prem Singh, the ASI had called the IPS officer. \"We have also listed direct phone calls to the complainant Bhawani Singh made by IPS Singh,\" the officer added.While investigating the case, the IPS officer had visited Jodhpur and stayed in a hotel there from where he made extortion calls to the complainant.Charges against Singh have been framed under sections 384 (extortion) and 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and various sections of the Prevention of the Corruption Act. The next date of hearing in the case will be on December 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17606464", "title": "Maga Lok Adalat to dispose of 2,000 cases", "text": "HAZARIBAG: In all 280 cases were disposed till the conclusion of the second day of the mega Lok Adalat here on Thursday. This was stated to the media by Santosh Kumar No. 1 secretary DLSA-cum-Civil Judge, Hazaribag.The five-day mega Lok Adalat was formally inaugurated by the Principal District and Sessions Judge, Hazaribag on the Civil Court campus here on Wednesday.Kumar said the mega Lok Adalat would dispose of 2,000 cases by December 16. In all eight benches have been set up for the purpose. Several matrimonial cases and title suits will also be taken up at the mega Lok Adalat, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17609520", "title": "David", "text": "Plot PreviewThe story revolves around the lives of 2 David's in 2 different parts of the country in 2 different eras. Both of them are about to take a step which is going to change their lives forever.David movie imagesDavid (Mumbai- 1999)Born into a family of devout Christians, David leads a lower middle class existence in the heart of the Mumbai suburbs. He is a 20year- old musician who takes guitar lessons for children. Forced to quit studies to support his family, David also secretly nurses an ambition to make it big in the music world. He dotes on his 2 sisters and doesn't really get along much with his father, who is a priest in the nearby church.To gain more political mileage, a local politician disgraces David's father by alleging that he forcefully converts people into Christianity. This incident turns David's life upside down. What drives young David to avenge this forms the rest of his story.David - (Goa, 2010)David is a fisherman from Betul village on the outskirts of Goa He is a 35 year old who lives with his mother. His two best friends are Frenny - the owner of the local massage parlour and his dead father whom he chats with on a regular basis.His best friend, Peter is getting married in a week to the beautiful deaf and mute Roma. David ends up falling head over heels in love with Roma and convinces himself and his friends that she is in love with him too. David decides to jeopardize Peter's wedding by pursuing Roma and convincing her to marry him instead. His misadventures in his quest to convince the beautiful Roma forms the rest of his story.Two lives. Two journeys. One name. ' DAVID '", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17607483", "title": "Rajyotsav celebrations: Kareena paid Rs 1.40cr while Teejan got Rs 60,000", "text": "RAIPUR: Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor, Begum of Pataudi, was paid Rs 1.40 crore by the Chhattisgarh government for her performance during the 'Rajyotsav'\u00e2\u20ac\u201d the statehood day celebrations\u00e2\u20ac\u201dheld in the first week of November, while the famous exponent of 'Pandwani', Padma Bhushan Teejan Bai got as low as Rs 60,000 for her performance of the traditional art form.Minister for tourism and culture Brijmohan Agrawal, informed Paresh Bagbahra (Congress) in a written reply in the Vidhan Sabha on Thursday that the directorate of culture and archaeology had spent more than Rs 5.21 crore for the performance of 234 cultural programmes by a team of artistes.Giving details of the honorarium paid to the artists, who performed during the Rajyotsav , the minister said, famous playback singer Sonu Nigam was paid Rs 36.50 lakh while music director and singer Vishal Shekhar got the honorarium of Rs 18.70 lakh. Playback singer Sunidhi Chouhan was paid Rs 32 lakh for her performance, followed by Rs 25 lakh to actress Diya Mirza, Rs 24 lakh to music director and singer Himesh Reshammiya, Rs 15 lakh to cine artist Aayushman. On the other hand, the state spent Rs 80,000 on the event 'Chhattisgarhi film star night'.Pandwani exponent Teejan Bai, a recipient of Padma Bhushan, got the honorarium of Rs 60,000 for per performance on November 3. Another pandwani Guru Punaram Nishad was paid Rs 45,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17606621", "title": "Arunachal workers seek ouster of labour commissioner", "text": "ITANAGAR: The All Arunachal Pradesh Workers' Union (AAPWU) has reiterated its demand for immediate removal of labour commissioner-cum-secretary of Arunachal Pradesh Building &amp; Other Construction Workers' Welfare Board (APBOCWWB) Ojing Darung from both posts for alleged misuse of power and illegal encroachment of government land.AAPWU said it has given a 30-day ultimatum to the state government to meet its demand.AAPWU general secretary Changma Tajo alleged that the labour commissioner has misused public money meant for poor labourers and illegally encroached on government land and also dismantled the official quarters allotted to him and constructed a private building in its place.Besides these, the commissioner also carried out various departmental works like floating tenders and supply order \"without following official procedures\".\"Ever since he (Darung) joined the department, he failed to do any good for labourers. Rather, he misused his power and position and carried out lots of illegal activities while undermining the interest of the workers,\" said AAPWU general secretary. He added, \"He has always been a stumbling block in executing welfare schemes for labourers.\"\"Even after seven months have passed since the matter was brought to the notice of the government, no action has been initiated against him till date,\" he added.The union asked the government to immediately remove Darung and arrest him for illegally dismantling the official quarters and constructing a new building in its place.The union also threatened to resort to a phase-wise democratic movement starting January 7 if the government fails to respond within the given period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607080", "title": "SBI helps make home, car dreams come true", "text": "PATNA: Buying your dream home is no more an uphill task as the State Bank of India (SBI) has come up with 'Vastu Sarthi Cell' to guide you right from picking the best developer of the city and selecting the area of your choice to getting loan to buy it, all under one roof. Besides, the bank has plans to open hundreds of new ATMs in Bihar and Jharkhand, some Cash Deposit Machines (CDM), and provide some other facilities to its customers, said Jeevandas Narayan, chief general manager of Patna circle, at a press conference here on Thursday.The SBI has tied up with the leading names in the construction industry of the city. At the cell, the customers just have to click on the locality of their choice among 14 options given to them, which include the posh areas of the city like Boring Road, Patel Nagar and Ashiana Nagar, and the names of the builders and their projects will appear on the screen.Also the nitty-gritty of the home loan can be sorted out in the same room, with an official helping solve the loan-related dilemma of the buyers. This scheme is first-of-its kind in Bihar and will soon make SBI's customers acquainted with the builders in the nearby districts as well. After getting a foothold in Patna, the cell will also provide information about cities outside Bihar. No extra charges would be levied by the bank for its services.Narayan also spoke on how buying cars will become a one-day affair for the SBI customers. In all leading showrooms of the city, an SBI employee would be deployed to give financial assistance to customers for buying cars.Also, the bank will open 550 and 450 new ATMs in Bihar and Jharkhand respectively by the end of March next. At present, there are 1,540 ATMs in the circle, which includes Bihar and Jharkhand.Also, SBI customers will not have to wait in long queues at the bank to deposit their money as Cash Deposit Machines will be installed in around 22 branches of the city. Through the CDM, one would be able to deposit at a time an amount less than Rs 50,000. The CGM also explained the Agri Gold Loan and Kisan Credit Card (KCC) schemes, which provide loan at an easy interest rate of 4% per annum to the customers who have a record of prompt payment of loans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17607294", "title": "Film festival brings them together every year", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Govind Shivan and Ashok Mohan have been taking a week off from their regular schedule for the last 10 years in December to attend the International Film Festival of Kerala being held in their hometown. For them, it's not all about watching films, IFFK lures them home to be with their friends, sharing their festival experience.\"I would prefer to call IFFK as one of the largest social gathering devoted exclusively for movies. This is the ideal place for anyone to explore how much films matter to people,\" says Govind, who works as a designer in Bangalore. Echoing his friend's words, Ashok, a content writer in Delhi said, \"At an IFFK venue one always stumbles upon people who have dedicated their lives to films\".Taniya K Leela and Anupriya T, who were classmates in St Aloysius College, Mangalore keep their dates reserved in December to watch films together at IFFK. \"Whatever happens, we make sure that no other engagement comes our way during the second week of December. We enjoy watching films together. The tea shops, theaters and people here have become a part of us since 2009,\" says Taniya.For Sreerag C, an aspiring scriptwriter, IFFK is an annual meeting place for him and many of his festival friends. \"We live under one roof on IFFK days. Every night, after the day's screenings, we spend a few hours discussing cinema,\" said Sreerag. He travels all his way from Kannur every year and camps at his colleague's house in the city to attend IFFK.\"Many come to my house. We do not ask each other their whereabouts much. All we know is that we all have a common love -- films. I have no doubt that the invaluable conversations on films have resulted in many lifelong friendships,\" said Pramod Gopakumar from Vazhuthakaud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17608149", "title": "6-year-old sex abuse victim slips into severe depression", "text": "BANGALORE: A six-year-old girl who was allegedly sexually abused by her caretaker has slipped into severe depression . The girl, who was brought to a Banashankari hospital on Monday by her alleged abuser, was shifted to Nimhans on Thursday.\"The girl is in deep shock. Her mother , who met her on Thursday morning, cried on seeing the bite marks on her child's body. This further depressed the girl,\" sources told TOI.Hospital authorities said the man who brought the girl claimed he was her uncle and that she suffered injuries while playing. Doctors, however, suspected something amiss on noticing that she bore 15 bite marks on her body, including the lips. The man vanished after some persistent questioning.The hospital authorities alerted the police, who tracked down the girl's alleged abuser. Doreswamy, 46, a real estate agent residing in Kumaraswamy Layout police station limits, was arrested on Wednesday night. The police then managed to get details of the child's parents, based in Belur, Hassan district, and alerted them.Doreswamy knew the girl's father had a bakery in Akkipet here. After suffering losses, the family shifted to Belur last year. The parents and other relatives arrived in the city around 5 am on Thursday.\"We went to the hospital and were shocked to see our child in such a pathetic condition,\" the victim's maternal uncle told TOI. Kumaraswamy Layout police said they had sent the victim for medical tests and would take further action after the reports are out.The Child Welfare Committee has summoned the child's parents on Friday . It is also checking their credentials.A case under sections 376 and 323 of IPC has been registered against Doreswamy. The CWC is pressing the police to invoke relevant sections of Juvenile Justice Act against the accused.The six-year-old victim of sexual abuse is the elder child of her parents. She has a brother. Doreswamy, a real estate agent, knew the girl's parents as they had lived in the same locality as his. The family later moved to their native Belur in Hassan.According to the girl's uncle, Doreswamy, who was not married, promised the child's father all help in setting up a bakery near Banashankari. \"As my niece had suffered a leg injury, Doreswamy promised her father that he would get it treated in Bangalore,\" the uncle said.The child's right leg was fractured when she fell down while playing. \"Doreswamy told her parents that he knew many orthopedics and would get her treated for free. But the child's father took her to an orthopedic in Hassan and the fracture was treated by installing a tiny iron rod above her knee,\" the uncle explained. \"Doreswamy returned again and told my brother-in-law that he would help him set up a bakery,\" another relative said. On December 6, the father came to Bangalore, left the child at Doreswamy's place and left for Hosur on some work. Four days later, the child was brought to hospital by Doreswamy, sources said.An elderly patient at the private hospital where the girl was an in-patient for three days described the abuser as \"worse then Ajmal Kasab\" . \"Kasab was brainwashed by jihadi extremists and attacked people who he thought were from an enemy nation. But what's wrong with this man? He is depraved and has behaved like an animal with a child,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607372", "title": "ICAI proposes advanced IT training for CA students", "text": "MANGALORE: Advanced IT course for students who have registered for chartered accountants (CA) course after August 1 will now be compulsory.This advanced IT course of 150-hour duration will supplement 100 hours of IT course that they need to undergo prior to joining article ship and will deal with software such as Oracle, SAP, ERP.They need to undergo this training in the third year of their article ship or practical training for the CA course. Disclosing this to reporters on the sidelines of a two-day state-level CA students' conference organised by SIRC of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI), Vijay Kumar, director, board of studies of ICAI, said the institute is keen on imparting both soft skills and IT skills to CA students' to enable them to keep pace with fast paced changes.The ICAI has 150 computer labs with 6,000 plus computers and training is imparted across India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17605919", "title": "No place for walkers as Jalagam Vengala Rao park set to host parties", "text": "HYDERABAD: From a sprawling space for children to play and morning walkers to take a stroll, the Jalagam Vengala Rao Park in the heart of Hyderabad will now host parties and musical soirees after the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) handed it over to a private contractor for its upkeep.What GHMC thought would be a novel move to take the financial burden of maintaining the park off its shoulders, has now invited huge criticism from environmentalists and residents of the posh-Banjara Hills, who say they have been robbed of their only lung space.The contractor, Ravinder Singh, who took the park on a one-year lease has already put up banners and posters saying the place is available for all sorts of events, including kitty parties and family get-togethers for 200 people.\"If the customer wants we will even decorate the place and provide catering too. The complete cost of the event including electricity bill, furniture and others may be a minimum of Rs 15,000 and above,\" said one of the contractor's employee without revealing his name. \"The bookings have already begun and very soon we will start organising events,\" he said.While GHMC officials said it was a novel way of tackling the fund crunch for maintaining the park, the local residents as well as environmentalists are planning huge protests. P Ramakrishna, a city based environmentalist informed that he along with other activists will move court.\"This is a very wrong and unethical step taken by the GHMC. There are very few parks in the city which provide lung space and this park happens to be one of them. Citing shortage of funds, the administration is disturbing the environment and snatching away the basic rights of the people to enjoy the nature,\" Ramakrishna said.\"In a couple of days one can expect this place to be strewn with plastic and paper waste increasing the pollution levels. The lush greenery will also get affected and so will the various birds that frequent this park,\" he added.GHMC officials justified their initiative saying it is a pilot project and the contractor has been asked to maintain it well.\"If we receive any complaints, we will take action against him,\" said R Ramesh, director, urban forestry, GHMC. What is irking the park regulars is the aggressive marketing of the contractor who said the lawns or the hall inside the park is available for rent at any time of the day. \"If there are events just imagine how chaotic the place will be. Since it is in a prime area, many parties would be held and the biggest nuisance would be vehicle parking which will increase air pollution,\" said G Krishna Rao, a retired government employee and a regular walker at the park.\"I along with nearby colony residents will submit a written petition to the GHMC commissioner soon\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14431064", "title": "Diet plans according to your sun sign", "text": "Our star signs could help us determine the best way to keep in shape, says an international astrologer. We find out more.Using her insights, Sharon Ward has created a special astro-diet plan. She says, \"Astrology can give us a real insight into personalities, so it can help you find a diet and exercise regime that you'll stick to.\" she said. Dietician, Anne Myers spokesperson for the British Dietetic Association said the astro-diet plan has some great ideas although she advises against cutting out whole food groups like carbohydrates or dairy. \"I think everyone should be following these suggestions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d like planning ahead with meals, making time to eat, ditching fatty sugary foods and including lots of protein and fresh fruit, whatever star sign they are,\" she said. Read on to find out what diet would suit your star sign.Aries: Mar 20 - Apr 20 When it comes to dieting, anything that gives you quick results is ideal for you, as patience is not your virtue. Diet: Something that is high in protein, and low in carbs works for you. Since it's an extreme diet a regular health checks are a must to keep an eye on cholesterol levels, among other things. Exercise: Go for aerobics, circuits, sprinting, in fact anything that tests you to the limit.Taurus: Apr 21-May 21 You love sweet treats, so you have to plan ahead, to ensure you stay in shape. Diet: Strike a balance include a large amount of veggies in your diet, and indulge once in a way in a cake. Look at including brown rice, wholemeal bread and dried fruit which leave you feeling full. Exercise: Use your stubbornness to keep you focused on a goal, such as running 5 km in 30 minutes.Gemini: May 22-June 22 You find it hard to stick to the same diet or a fixed exercise regime, so have to mix it up to keep things interesting. Diet: Balance lots of varied food groups alongside a varied exercise regime. Avoid crisps and chocolate bars by having a box of chopped fruit, in your bag to snack on instead. Exercise: Try a mix of aerobics and high-intensity workouts to stop you getting bored.Cancer: June 23-July 23 Comfort eating and bingeing are common traits. Cancer rules the stomach and food brings a sense of emotional security, so when you're upset, you find solace in food. Diet: Focus on eating healthy, and stay focused to avoid cravings. Exercise: Try swimming and Tai Chi.Leo: July 24-Aug 23 Once Leos decide on a course of action, they have the energy and commitment to see it through. Diet: Leos have a weakness for cheese, cream and red meat. Small, high-protein meals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d plenty of eggs, fish and pulses work for you. The fewer carbs the better. Exercise: Try weights, squash and Zumba.Virgo: Aug 24-Sep 23 Stay away from fad diets. Diet: Go for fibre-rich food, such as fresh fruit, salads, salmon and nuts. Avoid bread, full-fat milk and cream. Exercise: Body-sculpting exercise classes such as Pilates and yoga will appeal to you.Libra: Sep 24-Oct 23 Balance and harmony are Libran watchwords, so incorporate these into your diet and fitness regimes. Diet: Partial to sweet treats, you have to learn to balance your sugar levels, and include calcium-rich foods and plenty of fluids. Exercise: Try yogaScorpio: Oct 24-Nov 22 You are clear about the direction you want to take in life, and are determined to achieve her goals. Diet: Include lots of pulses and fish in your diet. Exercise: Try martial arts or kick-boxing.Sagittarius: Nov 23-Dec 21 You love travelling and a varied routine. Try vegetable juices such as carrot and beetroot to detox. Diet: Include lots of fish, nuts, seeds, vegetables and rice. Try sushi or rice cakes instead of junk food. Exercise: Try hiking, cycling or running.Capricorn: Dec 22-Jan 20 Self-discipline can go a long way in helping you stay slim and fit. Diet: Mixing meals \u00e2\u20ac\u201d chicken, vegetables, eggs, fruit, rice and pasta \u00e2\u20ac\u201d alongside the special soups, bars and shakes allows you to rigorously monitor you calorie intake, which you'll enjoy. Exercise: You work well on your own, so go ahead and run by yourself.Aquarius: Jan 21-Feb 19 You make, and break, the rules as you go along, which makes sticking to a diet a challenge! Diet: Have foods rich in B vitamins such as leafy vegetables, tuna and eggs. Exercise: Try hula-hooping, trapeze workouts or ultra-marathons.Pisces: Feb 20-Mar 20 You need a regime that's relaxing rather than tough and high-energy. Diet: Include garlic and ginger, and try low-fat Asian foods. Exercise: Try stretching, swimming and dancing every day to relieve stress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606372", "title": "SC grants bail to Ekka, Rai in disproportionate assets case", "text": "RANCHI: The Supreme Court on Friday granted bail to former ministers Enos Ekka and Hari Narayan Rai in the disproportionate assets and money laundering case.Justice Aftab Alam granted bail to the two former ministers with a personal bond of Rs 5 lakh each. Advocates Gaurav Agarwal and V Giri appeared in the court on behalf of Ekka and Rai, respectively. \"The court granted bail to both the former ministers,\" said Giri.The duo, who were in the cabinet of former chief minister Madhu Koda, were arrested by the state vigilance bureau on August 17, 2009. They were lodged in Birsa Munda Central Jail. Koda, who was arrested in November 2009, is still in jail in connection with the disproportionate assets and money laundering case.The Jharkhand high court had ordered for a CBI probe into the case on the petition of social activist Durga Oraon. In the petition, Oraon had alleged that the former chief minister, along with his cabinet colleagues, had misused office between 2005 and 2009 and amassed huge assets.Earlier this year, the apex court had sought response from the CBI on the status of the case and investigation on the petition filed by Ekka challenging the Jharkhand high court's order denying him bail.\"We are happy that the apex court has granted bail to our leader after a long wait of almost three-and-a-half years,\" said the source. Earlier, the apex court had rejected the bail pleas of Ekka and Rai on March 18, 2011, saying the CBI inquiry was still on and that allegations against them were serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17608080", "title": "Experts deliberate on challenges in health", "text": "LUDHIANA: Delegates from across the country and abroad participated in an international symposium on the theme \"One health: way forward to challenges in food safety and zoonoses in 21st century\" and the national conference of Indian Association of Veterinary Public Health Specialists, which commenced at the School of Public Health and Zoonoses, Guru Angad Dev Veterinary and Animal Sciences University (GADVASU), Ludhiana, on Thursday.Chief guest G C Patil, secretary, department of animal husbandry, dairying and fisheries, ministry of agriculture, inaugurated the conference.Organizing secretary cum director, School of Public Health and Zoonoses, Dr J P S Gill said the world has woken up to the link between animal diseases and public health.GADVASU vice-chancellor Dr V K Taneja said their theme is dedicated to improving the lives of all species through the integration of human medicine, veterinary medicine and environmental science.Dr Baljit Singh Gill, associate dean, Western College of Veterinary Medicine, University of Saskatchewan, Canada, discussed how to tackle the emerging diseases and control them with the \"one health\" approach.More than 300 delegates from US, Canada, Nepal and India participated in the symposium.Dr John Gordon from University of Saskatchewan, Canada, Dr Alvin Gajadhar from Canadian Food Inspection Agency and Dr Volker Gertz from Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization, Canada, deliberated on public health issues at the symposium.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jabalpur", "code": "17607014", "title": "File reply in 3 days or pay penalty: MP high court asks govt", "text": "JABALPUR: The MP high court has directed the Madhya Pradesh government to file its reply on the allotment of 32 acres of land in Bhopal to Chirayu society with the next three days or pay penalty for delay by each day. A division bench of MP high court comprising chief justice AS Bobde and Justice Moolchand Garg passed the directives during the hearing of a public interest litigation (PIL) on Thursday.Taking a strong view of the alleged irregularities in land allotment to the society, the HC bench directed that the state will have to pay Rs 2,500 per day for the delay in reply after three days.During the last hearing on November 8, the court had given the \"last opportunity\" to the government and granted an additional four weeks to it to furnish its reply. The state's failure to comply with the directive evoked a stern reaction from the high court.Filed by NGO, Parishram Samaj Evam Kalyan Samiti, the PIL had questioned land allotment made by the revenue housing and environment departments in favour of Chirayu society for construction of Chirayu medical college and hospital. The petition claimed that the land in question was part of the submergence zone at ull tank level of the upper lake. The area was a part of reserved belt meant for compulsory afforestation by capital project administration (CPA), Bhopal where 4000 trees were chopped off without proper sanction from the concerned authorities.Moreover, as per the petition, the government completely ignored the fact that the pocket formed an integral part of the Bhoj Wetland protected under the Ramsar convention on migratory bird species.The respondent, petitioner claimed, had been singled out for undue favour as no tender or advertisement preceeded the allotment of such a large tract of land. The matter came up for hearing before the MP high court in July 2012 but the government had been seeking repeated adjournments in the case.The counsel for the petitioner Siddharth Radhelal Gupta contended that there seems to be grave irregularities in the allotment process and subsequent land use change therefore the issue needed to be adjudicated urgently. Gupta brought on records additional documents to prove that further delay will damage the cause of justice, and prejudice the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17607270", "title": "Rs 1.3 lakh looted from man in broad daylight", "text": "KANPUR: Two motorcycle-borne miscreants looted a textile company owner of Rs 1.30 lakh in broad daylight in Pheelkhana police area here on Thursday. Police have registered a case and started investigations.According to the police, the victim, identified as Shyam Sunder Rathi, owns a textile company in Canal road, and was deprived of the cash soon after he came out of HDFC bank in Birahana road area on Thursday afternoon. Sources said he had withdrawn Rs 1.30 lakh from the bank and was on his way back to his Canal road office.The miscreants waylaid the trader near Shani Deo temple and snatched the bag containing the cash. Interestingly, the incident took place near a police picket and in full public view. \"The victim said the youths were riding a black motorcycle, and had probably followed him from the bank,\" a policeman said. A senior police official said, \"We are investigating the case and have got some vital clues. I am sure we will be able to crack the case very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607296", "title": "Vizagites hope Union railway minister gets special railway zone on track", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The people of the region who have been demanding a special railway zone (SRZ) with Visakhapatnam as headquarters are pinning their hopes on Union minister of state for railways Kotla Suryaprakash Reddy who is scheduled to arrive in the city on Saturday to inaugurate two trains (Vizag-Chennai and Vizag-Shirdi).Local MLAs led by Visakhapatnam South MLA and government whip Dronamraju Srinivas are gearing up to discuss the issue with the Union minister. Vizagites have been protesting over the past five years against the step-motherly treatment being meted out to the Visakhapatnam railway division despite it being the highest revenue grosser among all railway divisions in the country.\"This time we are determined to put pressure on him to get the SRZ sanctioned. As the minister is from AP, we expect to get a favourable response to our long-standing demand,\" Srinivas told TOI.The SRZ problem has been the cause for much disgruntlement among Vizagites for the last couple of years as they feel that Bhubaneswar is being given more priority though the Visakhapatnam division, spread over 1051 km under East Coast Railway, generates around Rs 4,300 crore per annum.About 3.5 crore people annually travel from this division to various parts of the country and the division handles nearly 50 million tonnes of freight per annum. Nearly one lakh railway tickets are sold daily from the division limits in the north coastal Andhra Pradesh.The Visakhapatnam division or Waltair division was bisected in 1994, with Sambalpur, Titlagarh, Mandirhaaud and Bolangir sections being merged with Sambalpur division in Orissa. Later on April 1, 2003, when new zones were formed, Waltair division was made part of East Coast Railway.Praja Spandana founder president and former IRS officer CS Rao said that local politicians do not have a strong will power to make the SRZ possible and unfortunately no chief minister of the state from late YS Rajasekhara Reddy to N Kiran Kumar Reddy have made sincere efforts to achieve this.\"The state government should launch a strong movement in favour of the SRZ on the lines of Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The SRZ could only be possible with collective and sincere efforts by politicians apart from various other channels,\" said Rao of Praja Spandana, while mooting the merger of Visakhapatnam and Vijayawada divisions to form a single zone point with Visakhapatnam as its headquarters.However, Dronamraju Srinivas said that all politicians right from his father Dronamraju Satyanarayana to Union minister Purandeswari and Rajya Sabha member T Subbarami Reddy were sincerely taking all possible steps to accord SRZ status to Visakhapatnam. Meanwhile, city businessman P Kiran Kumar said that though the division contributes heavily to the Railways, it is given least priority when it comes to allocation of funds and train services besides funds for fast track development of Bhubaneswar and other stations and train services in Orissa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17607957", "title": "Farmers to get satisfactory compensation for STP land: Shivpal", "text": "VARANASI: UP PWD and irrigation minister Shivpal Yadav has said the state government is all set to pay satisfactory compensation to farmers for taking their land to establish sewage treatment plants (STP) in order to put a complete check on discharge of sewage in Ganga.Shivpal was in the city to chair the review meeting of PWD and irrigation department on Wednesday. After the meeting, he informed the reporters that establishment of STPs had lingered due to delay in acquisition of required land.He said the land could not be acquired as the farmers were not satisfied with the compensation estimated by the government machinery. He said without establishing STPs, putting a complete check on sewage disposal in Ganga would remain impossible.In view of the same, the government has decided to increase the amount of compensation that would satisfy the farmers, said Shivpal. He further stated that the new STPs would be established with advanced technology in which the requirement of land would reduce.He said the state government has pledged to maintain purity of water and holiness of Ganga. He said the three ghats along Ganga would also be renovated and beautified after the name of Pt Madan Mohan Malviya, socialist leaders Ram Manohar Lohia and Rajnarain.Regarding the pathetic condition of roads, he said fresh works would be launched very soon to improve the condition of city roads. He said the pace of such works could remain slow due to cold weather but after February 15, such works would be done with accelerated pace.He assured that the foundation laying ceremony of all the flyovers proposed for improving traffic scene in the city would be organised before the end of 2012.He said engineers of the department concerned have been asked to conduct proper study in the field to ensure that the new flyovers are proving relevant for commuters. Commenting on quota in promotion, he said the party had already cleared its stand on this issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17607420", "title": "Central, Western Railway enter Times Shield semis", "text": "MUMBAI: Serco Global Services, Mumbai Port Trust, Central Railway and Western Railway made it to the Times Shield 'B' Division semifinals, on Thursday.A hat-trick by Bharat Meher (4-17 ) couldn't prevent Cosmos from losing to Serco Global Services by six wickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17607018", "title": "Two more deaths in mishaps in Pink City", "text": "JAIPUR: Regular accidents continue to claim lives, especially those of pedestrians in the city. A 45-year old woman was crushed to death by an overspeeding autorikshaw at the OTS Junction on JLN Road on Friday. A 39-year old cyclist was also run over by a truck near Niwaru flyover.According to the police, Sumitra Devi who was a sanitation worker at Saras Dairy was crossing the road when a rashly driven auto rikshaw hit her.\"She fell on the road and sustained serious head injuries. She was rushed to SMS Hospital however she died on the way. The auto driver escaped from the spot,\" said a police officer.Similarly, 39-year old Mohan Lal Kumhar, a resident of Kumharon Ka Mohalla in Jaisinghbhura Nagal was going somewhere on his cycle. Police said that a truck hit the cycle and ran over him on a slip lane near Niwaru flyover around 10.30 am.Police said that driver fled leaving the vehicle behind. The police have registered an FIR against him for rash and negligent driving. The police conducted the postmortem of the deceased's body and hand it over to the family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "17608112", "title": "Punished by teacher student can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t stand, move hands", "text": "NIZAMABAD: An Intermediate first year student was bedridden after allegedly being punished by his teacher. Though this incident took place at a private college 23 days ago, it came to light on Thursday when the family members of the student revealed the matter to the media.Raghupathi Akhil, 17, was made to kneel down by a lecturer for coming to class five minutes late on November 22. Akhil along with a few others were forced to undergo the punishment for about one hour in the college ground. A resident of Nagaram village on the outskirts of Nizamabad town, Akhil was pursing MPC first year at Kakatiya Junior College here.Akhil said he was late by five minutes as he had to buy a notebook on his way to college. \"I was made to kneel down for one hour though I complained of pain. I developed severe pain in my lower limbs within a few hours after being subjected to the punishment and was unable to walk properly. Some of my friends brought me home in an auto as I was unable to walk or sit,\" he said.The family members and relatives of the student blamed the college management for the plight of the student . They said the management refused to even bear the medical expenses of the student.Akhil's mother Jalaja said she had taken him to Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences (Kims) in Hyderabad after almost all doctors in Nizamabad town had refused to admit him because of the severe problem he was facing. A widow, Jalaja is paying for her son's college studies with the money she earns by rolling beedies after the death of her husband eight years ago.She had taken her son to a local doctor who prescribed some pain killers. She panicked the next day morning as Akhil was unable to stand on his feet or move his hands. She immediately rushed him to the hospital in Hyderabad. After conducting all tests, Kims doctors said that Rs 5 to 6 lakh was required for his treatment, Jalaja said. When she approached the college management, they agreed to provide two years free education but refused to bear the hospital expenses, she said and urged the government to do justice to her son.Attempts to reach the Kakatiya educational institutions management for clarification on the issue were futile as no officials responded to the call.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606687", "title": "Railway police on anti-drugging drive", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to create awareness about drug-and-rob cases on trains, the Railway Protection Force organised an anti-drugging campaign on the premises of Howrah station on Thursday.RPF jawans in groups displayed placards reading, rds and stood in batches at both the new and old complex of the station promoting messages like\"Do not take any edibles or drinks from strangers in the train\" and \"Little alertness in the train can save lives\".\"Drugging and robbing has been one of the major problems for the railways. In the last few months, such cases have increased.We recorded 40 cases between May and October,\" said RPF (I) Howrah senior divisional security commissioner Aroma Singh Thakurwho lead the campaign. This is the second time that such a campaign was organised at the station.\" We saw success when we organised the campaign for the first time but more than the vigilance of the administration, passengers need to be alert,\" said Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607730", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers are left in the lurch", "text": "MYSORE: Autorickshaw drivers on Thursday ran from pillar to post seeking help, a day after two dozen rickshaws were burnt.Syed Athik Ur Rehaman, 33, who lost his auto in a suspected accidental fire, told TOI that many leaders promised help after the tragedy. \"But they are not accessible today. Many of us are chiefly dependant on autos. But our future looks bleak now,\" he said, adding: \"I need a minimum of Rs 30,000 to repair my auto, which I had bought second-hand only a few months ago. Having three dependants, I don't know what to do now.\"Another driver Abdul Rehaman, 37, a father of two, also anxiously awaited help at the ground zero. But none of those who promised him help turned up on Thursday. \"Even the officials concerned have remained silent,\" he claimed.Mazdoor association secretary K C Shaukath Pasha said that the auto drivers have been left in the lurch. \"We are fighting to rehabilitate the drivers by requesting the authorities and local leaders to help them,\" he said. Pasha claimed that drivers need over Rs 30,000 for repairs or at least Rs 40,000 to buy a second-hand vehicle. Meanwhile, police have continued the investigation into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17607909", "title": "Woman jail guard stuck in watch tower for hours", "text": "TRICHY: A woman prison guard in the special prison for women in Trichy spent almost two hours struggling to come out of a watch tower after her duty hours, as the gate of the tower remained locked. The incident has brought to light the fact that walkie-talkie devices were not provided to any of the prison officials and the guards for emergency communication within the prison.A second grade prison guard, Kaliammal, 30, was assigned duty on the watch tower in the eastern side of the prison adjacent to the Gandhi Market area on Tuesday afternoon. As the six-hour duty was over at 6pm, she waited for another prison guard for the next shift. Surprisingly, none of the prison guards came to the tower for the next half-an-hour. As the gate of the tower remained locked, she could not come out. Usually, during the shift change, the gate would be locked and the key would be handed over to the prison office by a guard who finishes the duty.Meanwhile, the light disappeared gradually and Kaliammal panicked. The power cut also added to her woes. So, she screamed for help from the prison guards in the vicinity, as walkie-talkies are not provided to any staff. Moreover, mobile phones are also not allowed inside the prison. But her effort went in vain. Eventually, her screaming was heard by some of the traders in the Gandhi Market area after nearly two hours. Later, they alerted the Gandhi Market police station, which informed the prison officials about her situation.Then, the prison officials released her from tower after which she heaved a sigh of relief. Prison superintendent, K Jeyabharathi told TOI, \"The deputation of 12 out of 67 sanctioned guards to the Trichy government hospital to guard the prisoners, resulted in shortage of guards for the past few weeks. So, the shift officer-in-charge could not depute a guard to the next shift on Tuesday evening. Kaliammal was also not informed by the officer. Moreover, she panicked due to power cut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607322", "title": "Rural folks in Andhra Pradesh bitten by the travel bug", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: S Appalaraju, a marginal farmer, just cannot hide his excitement these days. The 55-year-old farmer is all set to board a flight for the first time in his life at the end of this month and that too to an international destination along with five of his friends. He has already packed his new Safari suitcase, acquired specially for his holiday in Bangkok, which he is told is the ultimate destination for fun-seekers.Sathya Raju, a banana cultivator from Anakapalle, too recently fulfilled his long-cherished dream of vacationing abroad. \"I went for a three-day trip to Bangkok with my wife and son, spending around Rs 30,000 per head. It was a packaged tour conducted by a travel agency. We had a lot of fun. It's a big, shiny city and we enjoyed the food too,\" says Raju gleefully.Appalaraju and Sathya Raju are among the growing breed of travellers from rural and semi-urban centres of the state who, no longer content with just tilling their fields and routinely heading for annual pilgrimages, are increasingly taking to leisure tourism to relax with family and friends in domestic and international locales.Tour operators in the city say that the number of queries from the villages and smaller towns surrounding Vizag has seen a marked jump and now account for almost 20-30% of all queries, not just for scenic domestic getaways like Chhattisgarh, Odisha, Shimla and other Himalayan destinations but also Far East destinations like Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia.\"Just last month we booked a group of over 15 people from rural parts of north coastal districts for the Bangkok-Pattaya circuit,\" says tour operator Rakesh Sharma.B Ravi Kumar of Travel Home points out that upcountry residents mostly from agricultural backgrounds or those having small business in North coastal AP, don't mind spending on trips for a family of four or a gang of friends. \"They like to make the most of off-season discounts, which hotels offer, and always travel in big groups of 10 to 12 or even more.\"Attesting to this trend, Vijay Mohan from Welfare Holidays says there is a change in mindset sweeping across small-town Andhra. \"Earlier their focus used to be on pilgrimage tourism, and destinations like Tirupati and Shirdi were much in demand. But today, thanks to influences like television, everyone aspires to travel to exotic locales and people from rural and semi-urban markets are no different. They have the money and the willingness now to experiment,\" says Mohan.What also makes this class of traveller much in demand with tour operators is that they always like to travel in huge numbers and once they come back from a tour, which serves as a status booster in their community, it has a rub-off effect as their friends and neighbours also want to check out these destinations for themselves.It's not surprising then that tour operators are taking them very seriously indeed and bending over backwards to cater to them. \"If the group is small then we have arrangements with local operators in various destinations take care of them. But if the group exceeds 15 then we assign a tour guide from India to take care of everything including immigration formalities. We understand that for rural folks communication is a problem and we do not want them to be disappointed. After all one satisfied farmer will bring us 10 more tourists,\" says Bapiraju, who operates the franchise of a reputed MNC tour operator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17610624", "title": "Right to challenge illegal detention a fundamental right: HC", "text": "KOCHI: Right to challenge preventive detention is a fundamental right guaranteed by the Constitution, the Kerala High Court has ruled.If state government fails to provide a copy of the documents relied upon for ordering preventive detention to the person detained, it would amount to violation of the Constitutional right to protection from illegal arrest and detention, the court ruled.The order by a division bench comprising of justices, Pius C Kuriakose and Babu Mathew P Joseph, was while considering a petition filed by Rekha Gopakumar of Koduvayoor in Palakkad challenging preventive detention of her husband.The husband, Gopakumar P Nair, was placed under preventive detention at Poojappura central prison since June 5th this year based on an order issued by the district collector of Palakkad.The collector's order was issued using the power to order preventive detention as district magistrate under Kerala Anti-Social Activities(Prevention) Act, 2007 (KAA(P)A; commonly known as Goonda Act.Decision of the collector was approved by the state government after the advisory board, which reviews detention orders, confirmed the collector's order.Preventive detention was ordered by the collector after reviewing the six cases in which Gopakumar was an accused. They included charges of unlawful assembly, rioting, wrongful restraint, criminal intimidation, trespass, and causing hurt using weapon.Appearing for the detenu's wife at the high court, advocate, OV Maniprasad, pointed out that district police chief of Palakkad had submitted a proposal for Gopakumar's preventive detention to the collector in June last year citing four of the cases but the collector had declined. The collector had found that no cases to take action under Goonda Act were present.As the grounds for the present detention served on the detenu contains reference to the earlier proposal and the denial by the collector, they were materials relied upon while ordering the detention. However, those materials were not served to the detenue to make a representation to the government or the advisory board, the counsel contended.Ruling in favour of the petitioner, the court held: The right to make a representation against the order of detention is a fundamental right guaranteed under Article 22(5) of the Constitution. Therefore, non-supply of relevant documents pertaining to the grounds of detention will be violative of Article 22(5) of the Constitution as well the provisions of KAA(P)A.The flaw on the part of the authorities is fatal in nature and hence on this ground alone the detention order is liable to be quashed, the court ruled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17606450", "title": "Corporation's technical advisory group yet to get new members", "text": "COIMBATORE: It has been more than five months since Coimbatore City Municipal Corporation sought applications to induct new members into its City Technical Advisory Group (CTAG), a body of experts outside the corporation that supports the civic body in the execution of major infrastructure projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). But there has been no response from the corporation about the fate of the applicants. The list of shortlisted applicants is reportedly awaiting clearance from mayor SM Velusamy.\"The members of the City Technical Advisory Group have not bothered to meet me. I am having second thoughts about it. Who told you about the delay?,\" asked Velusamy.The civic body had invited applications from interested residents to become part of the CTAG in early June this year. As many as 85 applications were received by the corporation and a list of shortlisted members was forwarded to the city municipal commissioner and then the mayor. But since then the CTAG has been in a state of limbo without any word on the inclusion of new members.The decision to expand the group was taken after removing some members who were not regular in attending group meetings. The corporation has called for only a single meeting of CTAG members after the new council took over in October 2011.Another internal meeting was also convened during the last year. It is the responsibility of the city corporation to ensure that it holds regular CTAG meetings to discuss and review the progress of the JNNURM projects in the city. Presently, none of the four main JNNURM projects including Pillur II dedicated water supply scheme is 100 percent complete.\"We are awaiting the mayor's approval for the inclusion of new members into the CTAG. Only after that we will be able to convene our meetings,\" said D Balasundaram, Chairman, CTAG, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation.The CTAG is an integral component of the JNNURM schemes as it is an independent group that provides valuable inputs and indirectly monitors the execution of projects. However, the final word regarding the inputs of the CTAG rests with the civic body. The group consists of experts from various fields including urban engineering, urban finance, urban poverty alleviation, urban governance, heritage and environment.\"We have been constantly asking the city corporation to ensure that they hold a meeting of CTAG before the Detailed Project Reports (DPR) are prepared. The corporation always convenes the CTAG meeting after the DPRs are prepared and sent for approval and then its too late to even take the CTAG suggestions into consideration,\" said a member of the City Technical Advisory Group.Numerous other members of the present CTAG also confirmed the delay while applicants who had submitted their forms claimed that they have not received any communication from the corporation regarding the status of their application so far.\"I had submitted my application but after that I have not received any communication from the corporation,\" said S Kanagasundaram, an applicant for CTAG membership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17606541", "title": "RPF nabs kingpin of drug racket", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel on Wednesday night nabbed a person involved in a drug peddling racket in the city from the Kalibari area near the Guwahati railway station. Aminul Haque (22) alias Babu was on the most wanted list of the railway sleuth.\"We have been searching for him for a long time. Finally following a tip off, we managed to arrest him. The city police also informed us that Aminul was wanted in several robbery cases,\" said a senior RPF official.Aminul is a kingpin of a drug smuggling racket in the city. \"He is a drug addict himself and supplies drugs and contraband to various city-based agents. These agents sell the drugs in pubs here,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605155", "title": "Budding astronomers depict life in Mars", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: While scientists in ISRO (Indian Space Research Oranisation) are going ahead full steam planning the next moon odyssey Chandrayaan-2 next year and a satellite to Mars by 2013, young astronomers of the state presented several fascinating space experiments at the 6th Young Astronomers Talent Search (YATS) 2012 at Pathani Samanta Planetarium in the city.Twenty science models on 'India and Space Research' displayed during the two-day exhibition were adjudged best among the lot and the young talents were awarded by chief minister Naveen Patnaik at a grand function on the occasion of 177th birth anniversary of noted scientist and astronomer Pathani Samanta on Thursday. As many as 100 schoolchildren had participated in the competition.The models and projects were adjudged on three main points - innovative idea, involvement of the child in the project and their understanding of the subject. \"The main aim of exhibition was to create awareness among the general public about astronomy and to spot and encourage young talents,\" said deputy director of Pathani Samanta Planetarium Subhnedu Paitnaik.The students had prepared models, including Chandrayan-II, a large number of interactive exhibits and panels explaining various astrophysical concepts and instruments. Some interesting ideas like life on Mars , weather control satellite, Nano rover and less energy consuming long-life satellite also took form at the exhibition.\"Astronomy fascinates me like anything. I love to watch the night sky and also follow the movement of starts. Space research is a very interesting branch of science and I would like to do higher studies in astronomy,\" said Swadesh Patra, a student of St Joseph High School.Team of experts, comprising well-known scientists, interacted with the students and suggested ideas for improving the camp. The talent search was jointly organised by Pathani Samanta Planetarium and Tata Steel . The competition was open to students of Class 8 to 10 and conducted in three stages at eight different zones such as, Belpahar, Keonjhar, Balasore , Joda, Jajpur, Bhubaneswar, Berhampur and Jeypore .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17607885", "title": "29 Indian fishermen still languish in Iran prison", "text": "MADURAI: Even as 40 fishermen released by the Sri Lankan government reached Mandapam on Thursday, the condition of 29 Indian fishermen, who were arrested by the Iranian Coastal Security two months ago for crossing the international waters of Qatar where they were working, remains gloomy. The families of the fishermen from Kanyakumari are losing hope over their release alleging that the Indian government has not taken any effort to get them released.On October 10, this year, 29 Indian fishermen working in Qatar were picked up by Iranian Coastal Security for trespassing into their waters. While 26 of them belong to various coastal villages in Kanyakumari district two of them are from Kerala and one belonged to Puducherry. Along with them, another 32 Indian fishermen from UAE were also arrested on the same charges. All the fishermen and their boats were detained at Ikkish Island and 32 fishermen belonging to various places in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu were released after the UAE government allegedly intervened and ensured their release. However, the 29 fishermen from Qatar were kept in custody and recently 22 of them were moved to Pandramas prison from their boats while seven captains of the fishing boats were held in the island for further interrogation. The fishermen, who were moved to Pandramas allegedly managed to pass on the information to their captains that they were subjected to hard labour in the prison and lack of proper food.A Bino, a fishermen from Poothurai in Kanyakumari, whose brother Anto is one among the 22 in Pandramas said that they have received information on this movement to the prison. \"We are deeply worried as Anto told other fishermen still in Ikkish Island about their suffering in prison. We plead the governments to take immediate measures to release them,\" he said.Meanwhile, the 40 fishermen from Nagapattinam, who were released by the Sri Lankan authorities, reached the Coast Guard Station at Mandapam on Thursday evening. They were handed over to Coast Guard authorities at the international maritime boundary line (IMBL) by 9pm on Wednesday. The delay was due to the distance as the fishermen were handed over at Point Calimere. \"They were handed over to the fisheries dept of Nagapattinam after the interrogation formalities,\" said H H More, Coast Guard Commanding Officer at Mandapam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607482", "title": "New tech to check need for coronary angioplasty", "text": "MANGALORE: Latest advancement in coronary angioplasty in the form of fractional flow reserve (FFR) aided the recovery of a 69-year-old Swiss citizen at AJ Hospital and Research Centre here.The Swiss citizen underwent coronary angioplasty for the main vessel, which showed borderline lesion of 60-70% on coronary angiography. Dr BV Manjunath, chief cardiologist, AJ Hospital and Research Centre, used FFR to carry out the procedure. FFR is used to determine significance of borderline coronary artery disease to decide if angioplasty is needed or not. This is most accepted, scientific way of doing a procedure in the world, where FFR calculates gradient across stenotic lesion accurately. This determines its nature and management. By this, one can avoid unnecessary procedures like angioplasty or bypass surgery for borderline lesions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17606971", "title": "Footwear industry eyes global market", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The district's footwear industry is looking forward to a classic David versus Goliath fight. After emerging as the country's second largest footwear manufacturing hub, a bunch of footwear manufacturers here are aiming to take on the Chinese who have a stranglehold over the international market.At least 30 city-based manufacturers have already gone global, shipping footwear to the Middle East and Far East markets. Buoyed by the initial overseas success, the industry has set an export target of Rs 500 crore in five years.It was the footwear boom that had helped the district tide over the domestic industrial gloom after the traditional mainstays like timber, tiles and textiles collapsed. The sector, which has clocked over Rs 700 crore in domestic sales, has also created at least 25,000 jobs.Manufacturers claim that their products are hugely successful among customers in Singapore, Malaysia and across Middle East countries. \"We have been able to export products worth Rs 50 crore so far this year but this is just a scratch in the market. We have realized that the future is in the international market,\" said V Noushad, chairman of the footwear sector of the Kerala Small Scale Industries Association (KSSIA).They are aiming to secure the Town of Export Excellence status in footwear sector for Kozhikode. \"The sector has been growing at 40% for the past five years. The only factor that is holding us back is the lack of qualified personnel in design and production. The Footwear Design and Development Institute campus would help us address this issue,\" Noushad said.Sources said the development of a container terminal at Beypore port is also vital for the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17606466", "title": "Rs 89 L seized from youth at railway station", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore railway police seized close to Rs 89 lakh in hard cash from a youth who arrived here at the Coimbatore railway junction onboard Bangalore -Ernakulam intercity express, late on Wednesday night. A two-member team of Railway Police spotted the boy carrying a bag and checked it when they found bundles of currency stashed inside. He was asked to accompany them to the railway police station and was asked about the source of the cash to which he told the police that he was working part time with a gold ornament manufacturer in Dharmapuri district. He said his employer gave him the cash to purchase gold bars from nationalised banks in the city. The employer was summoned from Dharmapuri and later the police handed over the cash to Income Tax department for further verification.\"The ornament manufacturer needs to furnish proper receipts to prove the source of income to the IT sleuths,\" said K Saraswathi, Inspector (in Charge), Railway Police, Coimbatore. According to police, the 17-year-old youth, a BSc student hailing from Dharmapuri was working part time with Gopi, a jeweller from the district for a monthly salary of Rs 3,000. He arrived here in the city on Wednesday afternoon and was stopped by the police on grounds of suspicion.\"He told us that he was sent to purchase gold bars from the city. We also summoned his employer Gopi to Coimbatore verify the boy's claim,\" Saraswathi added. Police were not fully satisfied with receipts produced by the jeweller and decided to hand over the amount to Income Tax department. \"We have not pressed any charges against the boy and his employer at the moment,\" Saraswathi said. IT officials have asked the jeweller to produce further proof and receipts to the department as part of the verification exercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17606709", "title": "Coirfed targets ME, Europe markets", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala State Coir Co-operative Coir Marketing Federation Ltd (Coirfed), which is on the path of product diversification and quality enhancement, is now targeting overseas markets for its 'green' products. The Alappuzha-based agency is forging strategic partnerships in the Middle East, east Asia and western Europe to market products it developed last year.Eyeing the export market, Coirfed has developed travel-friendly roll up mattresses, swings, and coir nets for vegetable cultivation. However, the major share of its export earnings comes from the sale of rubberised mattress.\"We have set up a showroom at Abu Dhabi with the help of Al Mehrezi Group, where we are showcasing 'Ecohome', a new brand of rubberised coir mattress. This product costs almost double the price of traditional polyurethane foam, but it has immense sales potential in the Middle East,\" said K M Muhammed Anil, managing director of Coirfed.According to him, a market assessment carried out in November in Dubai and Abu Dhabi has showed the growth potential of coir products in the Middle East. \"There is a growing body of consumers who are socially responsible and green conscious. Ethnic coir products from Kerala have a ready market there,\" he said.The agency is also exporting coir mattresses to Libya and Iraq.Further, Anil is holding talks with distributors from France and Thailand to market the new additions in Coirfed's product portfolio. \"Within three months, we are setting up a marketing channel in France,\" he said.Coirfed had exported coir yarn to Russia earlier. However, when other Indian states developed a mechanised industry, it brought down the price of coir products significantly, and the products from Kerala failed in the export market due to its relatively high prices. Coirfed's export slowly petered out, with export earnings of merely Rs 18 lakh in fiscal 2009 - 2010. Anil believes that active marketing will help the agency fetch export earnings of Rs 2.5 crore towards the end of the current fiscal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17607001", "title": "Pakistani delegation pleads for liberal visa policies", "text": "JAIPUR: Pakistanis are looking forward to more liberal visa policies with India. They said people from both sides are keen to visit religious places and also wanted to meet their relatives, who were separated during the Partition.A 45-member delegation from Pakistan reached Ajmer on Thursday and offered prayers and a chadder at the dargah. They also participated in the evening namaaz with local devotees. They were delighted to be here. The delegation, including 12 women, are in India to participate in a global meet in Bangalore. Delegates from 45 nations were here for the meet. Sharing their feelings, they said most Pakistanis wanted liberal visa policies between both the countries so that they can visit each other's nations frequently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606274", "title": "Fissures appear in SP-Congress ties", "text": "LUCKNOW: Is the marriage of convenience between the Samajwadi Party and the Congress-led United Progressive Alliance is over? Going by the series of developments that has taken place recently, the time is not far when one may find the two parties at loggerheads, much sooner than expected.The UPA's assurance in both the houses of Parliament on Thursday that the Centre was all set to table the reservation in promotion bill on the demand of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) has not gone down well with the Samajwadi Party. What had added insult to the injury was the decision of the chair to ask two SP MPs to leave the house for obstructing proceedings in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday.Out of Parliament, the SP has stepped up heat against the bill on the streets. No wonder, as many as 18 lakh government employees in Uttar Pradesh went on a flash strike on Thursday evening, promising to continue with their boycott in case the Centre goes ahead with its plans of tabling the bill in the days to come. The SP government has been providing its taciturn support to the strike. SP general secretary and Rajya Sabha MP Naresh Agarwal claimed that the SP MPs will do \"whatever it takes to get the said bill off the table\".The quota bill is just another point of friction between the SP and the Congress. Earlier, the Centre had turned down the request of the state government to supply subsidised foodgrains for Maha Kumbh to be held in Allahabad in January 2013 as it has been doing so traditionally.Besides, in yet another jolt to the SP government, the Central agencies have rejected almost 70% of the rice lots delivered for the Central pool by UPthat too, allegedly on frivolous grounds. As a result, an estimated 1.43 lakh metric tonne of customised milled rice worth some Rs 300 crore is lying at the rice mills waiting to be delivered to the FCI. Though the state government had pleaded the case a couple of times and the minister for food and civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya himself had personally met his counterpart at the Centre requesting him to resolve the issue, the stalemate continues.\"The FCI had rejected 190 lots of rice out the total of 272 lots delivered. The fate of the remaining 1.43 lakh metric tonne of rice hangs in balance despite the fact that the state government has already purchased the \"paddy\" to meet the supply of 1.54 LMT of rice,\" says UP's minister for food and civil supplies Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607663", "title": "This Frenchman fixes potholed Mysore roads", "text": "MYSORE: It's not the government's job alone to fix bad roads, even individuals have a responsibility, says Francis Bobo. The 61-year-old Frenchman would rightly know for he has been quietly repairing any pothole or bad road he comes across in Mysore in whatever way he can.Francis even keeps a repair kit, including a spade and a few gunny bags permanently in his four-wheeler. Whenever he finds debris in his farmland or anywhere else, he fills it up on roads which are in bad shape. It's a temporary fix to the problem but at least covers a gaping hole.Francis was earlier working in a parachute company back in his country. But on a trip to India, he fell in love with the country and then an Indian girl who he married, which brought him to Mysore. Married to writer Meera Mysore, Francis has made the city his home for the past 18 years.While living in the city the pathetic state of the roads made him sit up and think. Francis kickstarted his mission of fixing roads with the very debris he collected while constructing his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17609826", "title": "We share your anguish, Supreme Court tells Kargil martyr's family", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has issued notice to the Centre on a petition seeking direction to Union of India to move International Court of Justice against Pakistan for mutilation of Captain Saurav Kalia's body during Kargil war by Pakistani soldiers.A bench headed by justice R M Lodha issued notice to the Centre and sought response within ten weeks on a petition filed by Captain Kalia's father, N K Kalia.When petitioner NK Kalia, father of the dead soldier, said India should have moved ICJ on its own, SC said the door is still open for Union Government to do so even after 13 years of the incident.The SC said it wants to find out during the hearing whether it would be constitutionally correct to direct Union of India to move the ICJ.When NK Kalia alleged that he had fought alone for 13 years to protect not only his son's honour but the dignity of Indian soldiers as a whole, the court said it shared the petitioner's anguish much more that what is stated in the petition.Earlier on November 27, N K Kalia had moved the apex court seeking its direction to the Government to raise his son's case at the International Court of Justice at the Hague.He had alleged that his son Capt Sourav Kalia, posted with the 4 Jat Regiment (Infantry), was captured as a prisoner of war but was killed in a gruesome manner in violation of the Geneva Convention.Capt Kalia and five other soldiers of his patrolling team were captured alive on May 15, 1999 and kept in captivity where they were tortured and their bodies mutilated.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17606511", "title": "FIR against Pahi Construction", "text": "BOKARO: District police have lodged an FIR against Ranjit Kumar Mishra, director of Pahi Construction Private Limited, for cheating residents of more than Rs 1 crore on the pretext of providing them houses and shops at Chira Chas locality. SP Kuldeep Dwivedi directed the Sector IV police station to file an FIR in this connection after more than 21 people approached the police with reports of fraud.The complainants told the police that they paid more than Rs 1.1 crore to get houses and shops in Chira Chas and Chas areas, but Mishra and his associates did not fulfill their commitment. Most of the victims are retired employees of Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL). Earlier, 15 persons had lodged five cheating FIR's against Mishra. The police is carrying out investigation.The complaints have been lodged against Pahi director Ranjit Kumar Mishra, collaborator Subodh Kumar Singh and site in-charge Mritunjay Kumar Singh. Mishra is in jail on a previous case while the police is conducting raids to arrest the other two, said Surender Singh, officer in-charge of Sector-IV police station. Subodh and Mritunjay were not avialable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606316", "title": "HC retains lifer for man who killed wife, kid from life to death", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court has dismissed an appeal by the state government to enhance punishment of a 43-year-old labourer, Aadinath Rambhau Garje, of Ahmednagar, from life imprisonment to death sentence for killing his wife and eight-year-old son in 2003.Garje had pushed them and his 11-year-old daughter into the Indrayani river at Dehu. However, his daughter managed to swim to safety and later, with the help of villagers informed the police about the incident.The division bench, comprising justices Vijaya Kapse-Tahilramani and A R Joshi, rejected the state's appeal on December 4, observing that the case was not rarest of rare cases.According to the prosecution's case, Garje had taken his wife Mangal, daughter Sharda and son Dnyaneshwar on a pilgrimage to Dehu on January 20, 2003. The next day, he took them to the river on the pretext of having a holy bath and pushed all of them into it.While Mangal and Dnyaneshwar drowned, Sharda caught hold of a tree in the river. While she was trying to swim ashore, Garje prevented her from coming to the shore by throwing stones at her. Sharda then pretended to be dead and swam to safety only after her father had left the place. With the help of other devotees, Sharda lodged a complaint with the Dehu Road police against her father.The bodies of Mangal and Dnyaneshwar were fished out from the river later.Garje was arrested from Alandi on January 22, under relevant the sections of 302 and 307 of the Indian Penal Code. Garje's companion Satyabhama Jadhavar, with whom he was having an illicit relationship, was also arrested for abetting him in the crime.The district and sessions court here had sentenced Garje to life imprisonment on two counts - murdering his wife and son and for attempting to kill his daughter - on March 5, 2004. Jadhavar was acquitted by the court as the prosecution had failed to establish her involvement in the crime.Garje, who is undergoing sentence at the Yerawada central jail, had filed an appeal in the HC challenging his conviction. The government had sought enhancement of his punishment, but it did not challenge Jadhavar's acquittal. The HC bench rejected the submissions of additional public prosecutor Shilpa Gajare-Dhumal that Garje deserved death sentence as he had thrown his wife and both the children into the river at a religious place in Dehu. The HC was of the view that the double murder case did not attract capital punishment considering the parameters laid down by the Supreme Court in rarest of rare case for awarding death sentence. The HC dismissed both the appeals. Lawyer B P Jakhade represented Garje.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17607251", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcScared\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 cop walks into trap set by anti-corruption bureau", "text": "JAIPUR: Desperation of a police officer to avoid an anti-corruption bureau's trap landed him in deeper trouble in Bhilwara on Thursday. The assistant sub-inspector Ghanshyam Singh had demanded bribe from a man. The victim lodged a complaint with the ACB against Singh. However, when the ASI came to know about the complaint, he ran from pillar to post to get the complaint withdrawn and even offered Rs 1 lakh bribe to the complainant. The ACB trapped the officer red-handed while Singh was paying the bribe to the agency's complainant.When Jangir did not budge and refused to take the complaint back, the duo offered him bribe of Rs 1 lakh to him.\"Jangir accepted the offer to lure them into a trap. He agreed to give an affidavit saying that the police officer did not demand any bribe from him. However, Jangir approached the ACB again. Singh called Jangir to a place outside UTI office in Bhilwara. A trap was laid and Singh was caught given bribe of Rs 38000 to Jangir red-handed,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17608188", "title": "Natural History Museum: Just too old-fashioned", "text": "BANGALORE: I have seen several pictures of the first flying machine invented by the Wright brothers in my science textbooks , said Kumar,10, student of a government-supported rural school in the outskirts of Bangalore. His eyes are transfixed on a life-size model of the invention at the Visvesvaraya Industrial and Technological Museum.\"It's difficult to believe that aeroplanes are so different now. How did the evolution happen ?\" questioned the youngster , amid a roomful of children visibly fascinated by the displays at the museum. The disconnect was obvious . The displays are anything but user-friendly .A visit to the museum also reveals that many of the scientific experiments and objects on display could be considered pre-historic , in today's age of tablets, ultrabooks and 3G cameras . Though the whole idea of a museum is to showcase the previous generation, it can be done using today's technology, which the current generation is familiar with.\"There is an acute need to modernize exhibitions in museums and make them audience-friendly ,\" admits S K Aruni, assistant director of Indian Council of Historical Research . \"You need to show how a telephone has evolved from its 19th century version to its current avatar, or how will young minds understand?\"The declining number of visitors and a lack of promotional activities are threatening to make museums history. Bangaloreans claim the government museum is in a better state than it was 15 years ago, but historians feel it can be modernized and improvised . Not many are even aware that the museum is one of the few places in the country that's home to relics from the ancient Gandhara culture. Nor does the museum have any catalogue to allow tourists to know what's on show.\"Museums have been grossly neglected. The state department has limited funds and lacks capable men for their development ,\" said a historian and academic formerly with Bangalore University.\"Though people in the archaeology department may be qualified, most lack the skills to operate a museum. Of the 14 government museums in the state, only a handful has authorized curators while the rest are managed by clerks,\" he said.TIMES VIEWFor today's children, a visit to the museum must be one of those family trips which are forgotten in a hurry. Going down history, without context, may not quite be up the street of this techsavvy generation, whose world opens up at their fingertips. Our museums must keep pace, and could use technology to make displays interesting to both adults and children. This way, museums can turn into community spaces. Museums also need to be wellmaintained , with polite, informed staff to deal with the public. When private museums do a good job, it's baffling why institutions run by the government are so pathetic. Besides providing intellectual stimulation, a museum should make for a mustdo , fun trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17606393", "title": "Minor raped by classmate, one other", "text": "MARGAO: A 16-year old girl was raped by two persons at different locations on Wednesday morning. While one of the accused is a classmate of the victim and also a minor, the police are verifying the identity of the second accused who is believed to be around 20 to 22 years of age.Police sources said the accused lured the girl to accompany him to a Margao cinema hall to watch a movie by skipping classes. Both are students of a higher secondary school near Margao.\"After watching the movie together, he forcibly took her to a toilet within the complex and had sexual intercourse with her,\" police sources said. The boy then called up one of his friends and asked him to meet him at the nearby KTC bus stand, Margao.\"This other person, came to KTC bus stand on a bike, and forcibly took the girl to some unidentified isolated place where he raped her. The girl, in her complaint, said the accused also took video clippings of the act,\" Margao police said.On reaching home, the girl narrated the incident to her parents who lodged a complaint. Margao police booked an offence against the accused under Sections 363, 341, 376, 342 of the IPC and Section 8 of the Goa Children's Act.Margao police interrogated the girl with the help of a NGO Bailancho Ekvott working for the women in distress, and also brought the minor boy for interrogations.The second accused is yet to be arrested. \"The second accused was not known to the victim. She doesn't even know the place where she was taken by him. We are in the process of tracking him down,\" Margao police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606656", "title": "Bill passed to appoint parliamentary secretary", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee may wish Bengal to lead India, but her government did just the opposite on Thursday. It passed a bill to create posts of parliamentary secretaries to \"aid and advise\" state ministers, borrowing the idea from a host of states such as Punjab, Haryana, Maharashtra, Assam.The difference is the Mamata government took the legislative route instead of appointing such secretaries by an executive decision that has come under litigation.The Bill raised the hackles among Left Front MLAs, with Opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra writing to Governor M K Narayanan attaching observations of several high courts against the appointment of parliamentary secretaries. \"This Bill goes against the Constitution, which does not provide for such posts. I have written to the governor annexing the court orders. I hope the bill won't get the governor's assent,\" said Mishra.Going by the West Bengal Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointment, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Bill, 2012 that parliamentary affairs minister Partha Chatterjee tabled in the assembly, a parliamentary secretary will enjoy the status of a minister and liaison for the minister with the administrative department heads.Though the Bill doesn't specify the duties of the parliamentary secretary, it provides that he will enjoy the status of a minister of state or deputy minister and will enjoy the pay and allowances at par with the MoS or a deputy minister.Whatever the outcome, it goes without saying that Kolkata's streets will see many more flag-post, beacon-flashing cars, ferrying parliamentary secretaries to their offices. Besides, the state secretariat will have to arrange rooms for the CM's men.\"It is nothing new. It is just an extension of the prevailing practice,\" the parliamentary affairs minister said on Thursday. Chatterjee is right because the chief minister has already accommodated six former Union ministers - Mukul Roy, Sudip Bandyopadhyay, Saugata Roy , Sisir Adhikary, Sultan Ahmed and C.M. Jatua - as advisors to the state government placed under her and the government has already provided them office.The new Bill, once it becomes an Act, will provide room for many more when the chief minister can't expand her ministry at will.Left Front MLAs, however, continued with the boycott against the suspension of three CPM MLAs and were not present in the House during the debate on the bill. Even as Chatterjee held that the new arrangement will facilitate functioning of the government, the Opposition leader saw the move as a ploy to accommodate the disgruntled MLAs who could not make it to the ministry.\"It will further burden the government that is passing through a financial crisis. This is an anti-people bill,\" the Opposition leader said. He argued that the parliamentary secretary will not have the power or authority to serve the people, other than getting the amenities at par with ministers of state.\"When there is an obligation to keep the size of council of ministers within 15% of the total number of MLAs, such posts become more useful to appease the disgruntled. But these parliamentary secretaries will obstruct government work instead of expediting it,\" the Opposition leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605914", "title": "Red sandalwood worth 2 crore seized", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 10 tonnes of red sandalwood, worth around Rs 2 crore, has been seized by the Delhi Police on Thursday. The accused was smuggling the sandalwood to China from a godown in west Delhi.The seizure came following a tip-off that a person (name withheld), who is allegedly involved in illegal export of red sandalwood, has stocked the sandalwood in his godown in Janakpuri, west Delhi. \"We raided the premises in the presence of officials of Department of Revenue Intelligence and seized the red sandalwood. Legal action in to the matter has been initiated,\" S B S Tyagi, DCP (crime), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17607877", "title": "Town panchayat sets an example in animal welfare", "text": "MADURAI: In what may be called one of the best organized animal birth control camps in recent times in Dindigul district, 445 community dogs will be sterilized by the authorities in the presence of animal welfare activists in Sithaiyankottai town panchayat in Athoor Union.The dogs were caught by skilled workers of the animal welfare society and kept in a room on Wednesday, among animals that have been identified to under go the Animal Birth Control surgery in Sithaiyankottai. There are 245 dogs that will undergo the surgery. Fifty animals were caught on the first day and a team of doctors led by Dr Dhanalakshmi performed the sterilization on Thursday under supervision of animal welfare activists led by Society for Animal Welfare of Dindigul coordinator B D Banima. After undergoing the surgeries, the dogs were kept under the care of the doctors for three days, where they were given only water on the first day and milk and bread on the second and third. Then, the dogs will be marked with plastic rings for identification once they are back in the community.The executive officer of Sithaiyankottai, R Gopinath, is the brain behind this project in which he signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Animal Welfare Society of Dindigul. He agreed to pay an advance of Rs 200 from the total reimbursement that the government gave him for a dog at the rate of Rs 475 each, if they caught the dogs and brought them to the operation theatre. As per the MOU, he converted an abandoned anganwadi into the theatre with generator facility. With 68 dogs having been operated on in the first phase, the second batch will be taken up in three days' time.The dog menace was on the rise in this town panchayat with frequent complaints from the public. Gopinath says they are able to see a behavioural change in the animals when they are kept in the rooms for a day before surgery and also after surgery. \"After surgery, they become less ferocious and dealing with them is easier,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17607975", "title": "Natural History Museum: Rich collections, poor display Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A visit to Delhi's Natural History Museum can leave you disheartened: though it boasts of a wonderful collection of rare species from across the country, it probably records the lowest footfalls.First, you're not likely to know that a museum with such a precious collection exists, because it's hardly publicized. Also, there's a sense of apathy about the way the collection is displayed. There are about 21 museums in Delhi, and all suffer the same fate.There's a shortage of over 50% of staff in the National Museum and the other important Archaeological Survey of India museums at Red Fort and Purana Qila, according to museology experts. These posts haven't been filled for the past four to five years. Display and maintenance of the artifacts is also very poor.\"Museums in Paris and Iran have a far superior quality of display, and the staff knows how to brief visitors. Despite being located in the capital, with one of the richest collections, Delhi's museums fall far behind,\" says a senior ASI official. \"Every object in a museum is precious to an archaeologist. We have some extremely important pieces like objects and goddesses from the Harappan civilization, coins from different ages, terracotta artifacts from the remains of Achichhatra in Bareilly. At the ASI museums are stone sculptures from the 8th and 9th centuries, and many objects from Bahadur Shah Zafar's time. The Freedom Fighters museum is equally important.\"Aprart from a staff crunch, very few members are trained in museology and lack the expertise to keep a museum. \"Any museum you enter will make you cry. The most priceless objects are so ordinarily displayed. The only well-kept museum is the National Gallery of Modern Art. Some private museums like Sanskriti are visitor-friendly. Museums have to be run with passion,\" says Intach convener AGK Menon. \"Museums should stop being run like 'bureaucracies', they need professionals.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606549", "title": "Lifetime Grammy to honour the Pole Star of sitar", "text": "KOLKATA: Sitar maestro Pandit Ravi Shankar will be posthumously honoured with a 'Lifetime Achievement' Grammy in February 2013.The Recording Academy released a statement shortly after his demise, calling him \"a true pioneer in introducing Indian music to the West\". Shankar is the first Indian to receive the award.As it is, three-time Grammy winner Pt Shankar and daughter Anoushka were in race for the 55th Grammy Awards. Both were nominated in the same category of 'Best World Music Album', Shankar for 'The Living Room Sessions Part-1' and Anoushka for 'Traveller'.Academy president/CEO Neil Portnow said in a statement: \"He influenced artists across classical, jazz, pop, rock, and world music genres, including the Beatles , John Coltrane , Philip Glass , and his daughters, Norah Jones and Anoushka Shankar . In 1971, he helped pave the way for charity concerts, alongside George Harrison , organizing the Concert for Bangladesh, to help Bangladesh refugees.\"Just last week, I had the honor to inform him that he would receive a 2013 Lifetime Achievement this February. He was deeply touched and so pleased, that he extended a gracious and personal invitation to visit with him at his home. We have lost an innovative and exceptional talent and a true ambassador of international music. Our thoughts and sincerest condolences go out to his family, friends and all of those around the world who were inspired by his music and compassionate philanthropy.\"Percussionist Tanmoy Bose, who collaborated with both the Shankars in their Grammy-nominated albums, said it was a \"befitting tribute\". \"Panditji showed the world of music a brand new path. Global icons of the rock and jazz world were influenced by him. It's a befitting tribute to the maestro.\"Condolences and tributes kept pouring in well into Thursday. Beatle Ringo Starr said in a statement: \"Ravi was a great loss musically, spiritually and physically. God bless Ravi's family. Peace &amp; Love, Ringo.\"Bollywood megastar Amitabh Bachchan , who was ecstatic after receiving a call from Shankar a few days before his death in San Diego , tweeted: \"Traumatised by the sad news of the passing away of Pt Ravi Shankar, the maestro, legend and icon of Indian classical music! I had written how he had called me up a few days back just before going into surgery... just wished to speak to me .. now gone!! ...and in his short conversation he did say that he was going in for surgery and did not seem very confident of its success... I have had many such experiences with people, who have in a sense had some premonition, of an unpleasant happening. .. Strange!\"However, as the world mourned the great loss, a part of the global media ruffled some feathers with faux pas. Panditji was referred to as the \"Beatles' sitarist\", prompting howls of ridicule, while several international news agencies described the maestro simply as \"Norah Jones' father\".But the deluge of quotes, requotes, tweets and retweets of praise and grief that are still pouring in has drowned the goof-ups, deafeningly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607672", "title": "Alarming dip in Sukhna water", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After coming close to the danger level last monsoon, the water level in the Sukhna Lake has reduced to almost half. The monsoon had come to water body's rescue when it almost dried last summer.The UT administration, having not taken any decision on finding an alternative source of water, is looking at the skies again with a hope of lake's revival.While the water level had risen to 1,162 feet in September, it has come down to 59 feet, which would push the authorities to temporarily stop boating in the lake if it doesn't rain in the coming days.Since the lake area had been recently increased with desilting, water is evaporating at a faster pace, said an official, adding that the engineering department has been asked to carry out de-weeding.Various options considered for adding water to the lake had been dropped earlier this year.More than the growing silt and weeds on its surface, it was shortage of water which had become the biggest concern for the administration. With lesser rain in 2011, water level in the lake went down drastically last summer and the check dams built in catchment area of the lake were of no help in maintaining supply of water.All plans to save the 3km long lake, developed in 1958, have come to a naught. These include de-silting with heavy machines as done in the Dal Lake and pumping in water from Pinjore dam to raise water level.The engineering department carries out a symbolic desilting drive every year with machines borrowed from BBMB, the army and neighboring states, but the spread area of water has only gone down from 228 hectare meters to 148 hectare meters.The catchment area of the artificial lake was a thick forest replete with flora and fauna about 40 years ago. The silt has been swallowing the artificial three-km rain-fed lake, which is 1.52km long and 1.49km wide, gradually.In 1958, its water spread was 230 hectares and average depth about 4.69m, but due to heavy silt depositing, the depth reduced to two meters in 2004.\"Persistent siltation and growth of weeds have led to considerable degradation of the lake bed resulting into squeezing of the water body. UT administration is making efforts to revive Sukhna's glory by consistent desilting from the lake bed to maintain its water capacity,\" said a UT official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607026", "title": "Govt virtually gives up on installing phone jammers", "text": "PATNA: Mobile phone jammers have not been installed in Bihar jails so far due to technical reasons. Given this backdrop, the home (prisons) department has mooted a proposal to open telephone booths inside jail premises to facilitate prisoners to talk to their lawyers and family. This, it is expected, will help in restricting the use of mobile phones in jails.What is the reason behind the government's failure to install jammers? Says IG (prisons), Bihar, Anand Kishore, \"Due to fast advances in mobile phone technology, the plan to install jammers has gone awry. Initially came GSM technology, then CDMA , then 2G mobiles and now 3G ones. It's difficult to keep pace with the everyday changing mobile phone technology.\"Kishore said, \"Even if we install 3G jammers, tomorrow 4G technology will come and then 5G, making the earlier one outdated. We have to think of some other alternative as installation of a single jammer costs crores of rupees, which will otherwise go waste,\" he added.Recently, a prison conference was held in New Delhi, in which all the states participated. There also it was felt that jammers installed in some states have proved ineffective. Earlier, Bihar government had invited global tenders for installing jammers in the state jails. Experts had made demonstrations also, but the trial run was not successful.How can this problem be solved? A senior home (prisons) department official said, \"The government is considering a proposal to install telephone booths inside jail premises to facilitate prisoners to talk to their lawyers and family members. This will help in restricting the use of mobile phones in jails as those genuinely using phones for talking to lawyers and family members will be able to use the public telephone booth. For the rest, who misuse mobile phones for criminal activities, raids are conducted from time to time by the jail authorities.\" The proposal is under consideration and is likely to be approved soon, sources added. The calls made from these telephone booths will be recorded.Incidentally, between 2007-10, raids were conducted in 34 jails across the state. Inmates usually take advantage of lack of proper checking of food brought to them by their relatives or associates to get mobile phones, chargers and SIM cards sneaked in.Water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary had recently said in the assembly that the exercise for installation of jammers in jails in the state did not succeed as different companies failed at the trial stage itself. \"We have tried jammers here in Beur central jail. While it failed inside the jail premises, residents living in nearby areas started complaining of network failure in their mobiles,\" Choudhary had stated in the House. Even experts from the state sent to Delhi to review the functioning of jammers in Tihar jail had found it was not functioning properly there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607461", "title": "FMCS, Swiss institute sign agreement", "text": "MANGALORE: Father Muller College of Nursing (FMCS), Mangalore, and Haute Ecole de la Sante La Source Lausanne, Switzerland under University of Applied Sciences, Western Switzerland, have entered into a memorandum of understanding on academic exchanges, research and programme development.Principal Winnifred D'Souza visited University of Applied Sciences, Western Switzerland, for the signing of the MoU between both the institutions.The potential areas of agreement between the institutions include development of joint research projects, exchange of teaching and research personnel and other activities of mutual interest regarding academic, scientific or technological research matters. A joint research protocol was prepared on \"Illness representations and coping styles of caregivers of patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders in India and Switzerland\".Rev Fr Patrick Rodrigues, director of Father Muller Charitable Institutions; Sr Winnifred D'Souza, principal, Father Muller College of Nursing; Chantal Ostorero, director general and Maxline Stettler, director of international affairs, board of higher education, State of Vaud; and Jacques Chapuis, director, SNS La Source, Lausanne signed the MoU. The study as discussed in the joint research protocol will be conducted in 2013.Winnifred and Agnes EJ, faculty, FMCS gave lectures in School of Nursing Sciences, La Source on nursing curriculum in India and the burden on caregivers of patients with schizophrenia respectively. Jerome Favrod and Shyhrete Rexhaj Hasani, clinical nurse specialists, School of Nursing Sciences La Source, had visited FMCS with the purpose of having research collaboration between the institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17605337", "title": "Gowramma sent to judicial custody", "text": "BANGALORE: Congress corporator from Azad Nagar Gowramma Govindaraju, who was arrested from Thanjavur (Tamil Nadu) in connection with the murder of RTI activist Lingaraju, was on Thursday sent to judicial custody till December 15. She was produced before a metropolitan magistrate.Police refused to divulge details of their investigation but said they would probe her involvement in the murder.Gowramma's husband, Govindaraju, had been arrested earlier for the murder. Four others, who took a supari from Govindaraju, have also been arrested. Govindraju allegedly gave the supari as Lingaraju had tipped off the Lokayukta about Gowramma's properties. Lokayukta police raided Gowramma's house and seized documents pertaining to assets disproportionate to her known sources of income.In his statement to police, Govindaraju denied his wife's involvement. Police suspect Gowramma sold her ornaments to raise money for the contract killing.A 38-year-old construction labourer Ravi fell to his death from the third floor of an under-construction building in Satya Sai Layout, near KR Puram, on Wednesday evening.Ravi was carrying a cement bag from the second floor to the third floor when he lost his balance and fell to the ground on Wednesday evening. He was rushed to a nearby private hospital where he was declared brought dead.KR Puram police registered a case against building owner Manikannan for negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17606977", "title": "MVD, cops fail to prevent school vehicle accidents", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The initiatives of motor vehicles department (MVD) and police to prevent the number of accidents involving school buses in the district seem to have failed. Accidents owing to traffic rule violations by educational institution buses (EIBs) have not come down.In the latest incident, five students were injured when a school bus overturned at Elayur near Malappuram on Thursday.Safety guidelines have already been issued to all the school managements and drivers of EIBs after reports that school vehicles are violating traffic norms.On October 16, Rasheeda, a plus two student was killed when the back wheel of a school bus ran over her. The bus hit her while it was backing out after alighting students on the road near the school.In another incident, Thasreefa, 8th standard student of MSM Higher Secondary School, Kallingalparambu near Kalpakanchery in the district was crushed to death when she was trapped between the wall of the school building and the school bus on September 16. On September 5, 25 persons, including 20 students, were seriously injured when a school bus overturned at Palakkal near Velimukku.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17605127", "title": "Govt passes bill to regularize homes of urban poor", "text": "BELGAUM: With an eye on assembly elections next year, the BJP-ruled government is trying to woo the urban poor by bringing a law to regularize unauthorized constructions, including those within BBMP limits.The Karnataka Land Revenue (Second Amendment) Bill 2102, aimed at regularizing unauthorized houses built by the poor in urban areas, was passed by the legislative assembly on Thursday even as opposition parties staged a walkout.The bill entails that houses built prior to January 1, 2012 on 20X30 ft sites of government land coming under the purview of revenue department will be regularized. In Bangalore, houses built on revenue land within 18-km area of BBMP limits will be regularized. This will benefit lakhs of people on the city outskirts who have built houses illegally. However, this bill is different from the Akrama-Sakrama scheme for regularizing unauthorized construction in BBMP limits.A Joint House Committee (JHC) headed by former MLA AT Ramaswamy and Task Force headed by V Balasubramanian had in their reports highlighted that large tracts of revenue land worth several lakh crore rupees have been encroached upon and the government should try to recover them.Instead the government has passed a bill to regularize them. A senior revenue department officer said that a house measuring 20X30 built on revenue land in front of the Vidhana Soudha will also be regularized.However, houses on land belonging to city corporations, municipalities, urban local bodies, urban development authorities and town planning authorities, including town panchayats, won't be regularized.The assembly passed a similar bill on Wednesday that sought to regularize such houses in rural areas. This was, however, returned by governor HR Bharadwaj for reconsideration on grounds that it would be misused by land grabbers and realtors.Houses within 10-km area of city limits in Belgaum, Gulbarga, Hubli-Dharwad, Mangalore and Mysore will be regularized. Those built in city municipalities, municipal corporations and town municipalities within a distance of 5 km, 10 km and 3 km respectively will be regularized. But houses built on land belonging to city corporations like BBMP, municipalities, urban local bodies, urban development authorities and town planning authorities, including town panchayats, won't be regularized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606484", "title": "Land use survey copies for public feedback unreadable\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: The existing land use (ELU) maps displayed on the notice boards of every ward for feedback from the public to help formulate the 2014 Development Plan (DP) is not visible to the eye, complain citizens.\"The ward map isn't readable. The writing should be in A3 size and not A4 and the reason for the maps being displayed has not been told to the citizens. It should be mentioned that the maps are for feedback. We have complained to the assistant engineer (maintenance). Even ward officials do not know why the maps have been put up. No extra copies are available in the wards. We cannot take a hard copy. The DP sheet must be kept for sale at the wards,\" said Bhaskar Prabhu of Mahiti Adhikar Manch from F (north) ward.Meanwhile, the Urban Design Research Institute met the heads of community-based organizations (CBOs) over the DP on Thursday. The CBOs, that represent all city wards, work in the field of public sanitation and solid waste management (SWM). CBOs like Dattak Vasti Sanstha (it has 530 CBOs under it), Sulabh Sauchalaya Mahasangh, Jan Jagruti Sanstha and Kohinoor Welfare Association, to name a few, were present at the meeting.\"We want to explain the process of DP to CBOs and how it can be used in areas of SWM, sanitation, education and health. The DP does not detail slum areas, so we want slum-dwellers to be involved,\" said Deepali Mody, director, UDRI.YUVA (Youth for Unity and Voluntary Action) with Shahar Vikas Manch (SVM) had organized a convention on DP in the context of human rights. SVM in partnership with local CBO/ NGO networks runs a campaign on DP and the ELU survey in the city to demystify and disseminate information about the impact of DP on an average Mumbaikar's life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607773", "title": "People must do something for society: Bobo", "text": "MYSORE: Francis Bobo, the Frenchman who's often spotted fixing potholed Mysore roads, says he doesn't consider fixing worn out stretches as a lowly job. Whenever he comes across a broken road, he makes all efforts to get some debris - sometimes from his own farmland - and save road-users from back-breaking rides. \"I don't feel ashamed to repair Indian roads though it is considered as a lowly job here,\" Francis says proudly. \"When people call me silly, I say to them calmly, 'My second name Bobo means the same in Spanish',\" he adds. The silent worker recollects some of the work he has done. \"I once saw a mud road on the way to a farmland in Gorur which was waterlogged. It was causing inconvenience to villagers, especially during monsoon. So I I fixed the road with stones, jelly stones and mud and set it right though the road was being used by others,\" he says. Francis feels people should not restrict themselves to their houses and compound walls but do something for society. He feels individual behavior can bring change in society. Extending his service to weaker sections of the society, Francis has also built houses for two families and even takes care of their children's education. His wife Meera says that their domestic help once asked if she didn't feel ashamed seeing her husband repair roads like daily wage labourers. \"I said there's nothing to feel embarrassed when one is doing good work,\" says Meera.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607644", "title": "Elderly turn sitting ducks", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the police failing to crack a slew of cases of crime against senior citizens, they continue to remain soft targets. The spike in cases of crime against senior citizens is offset by police failure to nab the culprits.The latest and seventh victim is 65-year-old Nirmala Datta, a retired English professor from PU, who was robbed at knifepoint at her Sector 44 residence. There's the possibility of miscreants involved in previous cases having a hand in this one.The modus operandi of robbers appears to be the same in six recent cases. They sneaked into the houses of elderly couples, tied them up and escaped after robbing valuables. On August 18, two robbers sneaked into the house of Inder Kaur, 59, wife of an Ex-MLA of Punjab, Prof Balwant Singh, in Sector 28 and robbed her of gold jewellery after tying her up. The status of the still pending case is unknown.On September 1, robbers struck at the house of an Air Force official and tried to rob his elderly mother, Shyampuri Devi. Although they tried to tie her up, they failed as she raised a hue and cry.Snatchers targeted two elderly women, Pushpa Devi of Sector 7 and Prem Lata of Sector 38, robbing them of their gold chains in full public view near their houses on September 17.Brig (retd) Keshav Chandra, president of Chandigarh Senior Citizens' Association, said, \"The two areas of concern are the untraced status of these cases and the fear and insecurity each robbery engenders among elderly persons. This is a serious matter.\"According to annual police records, cases of robbery increased in 2012 as compared to 2010 and 2011. A total of 67 robberies were reported in 2010, 69 in 2011 and 59 have been reported till December 13, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17607479", "title": "Suhani\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcconquer yourself\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 from Dec 16", "text": "RAIPUR: A self-enhancement event, 'Conquer Yourself' would be hosted by the renowned magician, orator, psychosomatic counsellor and a hypnotherapist Suhani Shah at Shaheed Smarak Bhawan from December 16-20.The 22-year-old Suhani with an experience of 14 years, provides worldwide training and support to experience ever-increasing insight and effectiveness in daily living through training.She said, \"Everyone has heard about the power of mind which is much more powerful than imagined. Most of us are trained to use only a limited part of our full human capacity. A more comprehensive intelligence is readily accessible.\"The event invites each individual to explore a radically different approach to view life and its capabilities throughout the sessions.The schedule includes a two hour yoga session in the morning and a seminar from 8-10 pm. It would be free entry for all. It is said that her events are usually engaging, educational and interesting. The workshops are designed to challenge old restrictive habits and beliefs, motivating the mind to grow and acquire a whole new set of skills and perspectives.Apart from this, a two day training programme at a private hotel will also be conducted on December 22 and 23 for which registration would be required.Suhani Shah, is the author of 'Unleash Your Hidden Powers' and many other publications on self-help. She said, \"We are not here to solve your problems, which can reappear but to give each individual a new mentality. A new pattern of thinking that stays with them for a lifetime. Instead of concentrating on the branches, we focus on the roots of the tree that matters the most and makes all the difference.\"Over the years, she has changed and improved the lives of many individuals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17609858", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav becomes fourth UP CM to face CBI probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Akhilesh Yadav , the youngest chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, has now also become the fourth sitting chief minister of the state to face CBI inquiry. The other three include his father and Samajwadi Party(SP) president, Mulayam Singh Yadav , Bahujan Samaj Party(BSP) supremo, Mayawati, and former Bhartiya Janta Party(BJP) leader Kalyan Singh .While Kalyan has been booked for `communal politics', Mulayam is facing probe for assets disproportionate to known sources of income. Mayawati faced the CBI inquiry on charges of corruption and disproportionate assets(DA). After Supreme Court's order on Thursday directing the CBI to go ahead with the probe against Mulayam and his two sons in connection with DA case, Akhilesh will also face the heat of the CBI investigation.However, what makes Akhilesh's case different from the other three is that he would be facing inquiry for the alleged misuse of `public office' by his father for amassing wealth more than the known sources of earning in the last three decades.Akhilesh is holding public office(member of parliament) since 2000 before he took over as chief minister in March 15, earlier this year, after SP won the assembly elections. The father-son duo are co-accused in the case.The CBI inquiry was ordered against several BJP leaders including Kalyan after demolition of Babri mosque in Ayodhya on December 6, 1992, by a communal frenzy mob. Kalyan was the chief minister of UP then. He has been charge-sheeted by the CBI for not discharging constitutional duty to protect the Babri mosque and is facing trial. Kalyan's government was sacked after mosque demolition but he became chief minister again in 1997.The Supreme Court had ordered a CBI inquiry against Mulayam on March 5, 2007, on a public interest litigation accusing him of misusing his position for monetary gains. Mulayam was then chief minister of UP. Similarly, on a public interest litigation, the Supreme Court had ordered the CBI inquiry on July 16, 2003, against Mayawati on charges of embezzlement of Rs 17 crores on a project to develop the area around the Taj Mahal in Agra.During the course of investigation in Taj corridor case, the CBI also filed the DA case against Mayawati. However, in May 2007, when she came to power in UP again, the then governor TV Rajeswar, appointed by the Congress led UPA government, denied the CBI permission to prosecute her. In July this year, the Supreme Court also quashed the DA case. However, a couple of months later a review petition was filed against the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17606271", "title": "Foster son hammers Thane widow to death", "text": "THANE: A 63-year-old widow was allegedly hammered to death by her 35-year-old foster son at her Chendni residence near Ashok Talkies in Thane (W) on Wednesday.The victim, Maya Arvind Bahulekar, was alone in the house when the murder took place around 10pm. Cops and a forensic team rushed to the crime scene and claimed to have cracked the case with the arrest of the accused, Anil Raibole, on Thursday.Police commissioner KP Raghuvanshi said Raibole, a graphic designer, had killed Bahulekar and the possible motive could be to rob her and repay his debt of over Rs 1 lakh. Reportedly Raibole used a hammer to kill the woman, who was repeatedly hit on her head. The murder weapon has been recovered.\"Raibole resided at Indira Nagar near Vartak Nagar,\" the police said.According to Raghuvanshi, the deceased's daughter Sonali, son-in-law Paresh Thakkar and son Vaibhav\u00e2\u20ac\u201dall three used to stay with Bahulekar\u00e2\u20ac\u201dhad gone to attend a wedding when the incident took place. Raibole reportedly went to the house and killed Bahulekar. A gold necklace worth over Rs 1.25 lakh, which the victim was wearing, is missing. Sonali and Thakkar returned around 10.30pm to find Bahulekar murdered.Cops questioned nearly 30-40 people. During the interrogation, Raibole kept changing his statement when asked about his whereabouts at the time of incident. \"After intense grilling, Raibole broke down and confessed to the crime,\" said police inspector Hemant Sawant. Cops said Raibole wore a red t-shirt so that the blood stains would not be spotted easily. He has told the police that Thakkar had offered him money for the murder. Thakkar has been detained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606783", "title": "Court upholds new CBI director\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s appointment", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has upheld the appointment of Ranjit Sinha as CBI director, saying neither was he a tainted officer nor his selection improper.Justice K Venkataraman, dismissing a quo warranto plea against the senior IPS officer, saidm, \"The petitioner has not proved, by acceptable evidence, that Sinha is a tainted officer...After perusing the files produced by the additional solicitor general of India, I have come to the conclusion that the appointment has been made after following due procedures contemplated under Section 4A of the Delhi Special Police Establishment (DSPE) Act.\"\"The petitioner has not established that Sinha is holding the post of director of CBI without legal authority and that his appointment was made in violation of the provisions of the DSPE Act,\" the judge said. The petition, filed by retired police officer Jebamani Mohanraj, contended that Sinha was a 'tainted officer' and the procedure prescribed for appointment of CBI director was not followed. His counsel, Manikandan Vathan Chettiar, submitted that Sinha refused to investigate the fodder scam case in Bihar, and that the Patna high court passed strictures against him. He also faced complaints during his stint as director of Railway Protection Force, he said.Additional solicitor general of India, Sidharth Luthra, assisted by CBI's senior public prosecutor N Chandrasekaran, however, said Sinha was fully qualified and eligible, while another solicitor general of India, P Wilson, said the appointment procedure could not be questioned as nothing had been stated against the appointment committee and its decision. Justice Venkataraman said newspaper reports on Sinha's alleged refusal to handle the fodder scam case alone could not be a basis to say that he is tainted.\"To substantiate the allegations that he is a tainted officer, some concrete plea coupled with acceptable evidence have to be produced by the petitioner,\" he said. As for complaints against Sinha during his stint in RPF, the judge said merely because complaints were sent against him, it cannot be said the allegations were true and that he is a tainted officer.As for the alleged 'adverse remarks' by the Patna HC, he said no materials had been produced to substantiate the claim. \"If the petitioner is sure of the allegations, he should have obtained certified copies of the order and filed it. But, he did not do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17607974", "title": "Civic body hires SPCA for sterilising dogs", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has refused to pay a local NGO for sterilising dogs and gone a step further to hire Animal Welfare Board of India approved Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) based in Udgir (Latur) for the job.The dog sterilisation centre has been closed for over three months as the contract of the agency sterilising the dogs expired on May 6. It was extended for two months. In a general body meeting on August 23, it was decided that the civic body would sterilise the dogs with the help of an NGO. Accordingly, the local NGO, Sharan, had sterilised 34 dogs.Before the sterilisation procedure could gain pace, a rabid dog bit ten people in Satpur, six of whom were badly injured and admitted to the Nashik Civil Hospital. Sharan was given charge of sterilising the dogs division-wise, beginning with Satpur. It began the sterilisation and vaccination but was neither paid for the surgery, medicines and food for the dogs nor did the meeting in this matter materialise.Last month, the civic body contemplated appointing Sharan for sterilising the dogs with the same amount that they paid to the previous agency. Meanwhile, the contract was given to SPCA, Udgir, even as meetings with the local NGO kept getting cancelled. Finally, the meeting happened on Thursday with no promise of payment.\"Since Thursday morning, I have been getting phone calls from politicians wanting to help us. They said that the contract issue was not decided at the general body meeting. But we don't want the matter to take a political turn,\" said Sharanya Shetty, founder-president of Sharan. On SPCA, Udgir being awarded the contract, she said that sterilisation was more important.\"On Thursday the health and veterinary official said that Sharan did not fit the norms for sterilization. The municipal commissioner asked us to take charge from SPCA, Udgir after three months, but no one spoke about the payment. I cannot spend Sharan's funds on NMC's work,\" she said.The contract of SPCA, Udgir is on experimental basis for three months. The target is to sterilise 1,000 dogs in this period for Rs 700 per dog. The contract was given on the basis of the tender floated by the NMC a few months ago. The SPCA is sterilising dogs for Pune Municipal Corporation for the last two years.\"We have not yet received the orders. We had filled up the tender of the NMC. Now, we have to see what the NMC is providing us with. They have to provide the basic infrastructure. We will follow all the norms of the Animal Welfare Board (AWB) and that of the government, like we trap dogs with the help of nets and not ropes. Since we are also a society against cruelty to animals, we will exercise all the caution and treat the animal accordingly,\" said Dr Mangesh Kumar Herkar, of SPCA, Udgir.Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said that Sharan had gone back on its promise. \"They said they would do it for free and get the money from AWB but later refused to work without charge. We will pay them for the Satpur dogs but we have to discuss it with them.\"Sharanya said, \"I am working with AWB since three years and their requirement is that you should be with them for five years. So they won't give us the money but they will give it to the NMC. I asked the civic body to get the money from AWB and give it to me,\" said Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607665", "title": "Bribe-tainted Desh Raj granted bail", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday granted bail to suspended superintendent of police (SP), Chandigarh, Desh Raj Singh, who was arrested by the CBI for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from his subordinate inspector Anokh Singh.Issuing its orders, Justice Paramjeet Singh of the HC clarified there is no apprehension of the petitioner fleeing from the procedures of law, when the substantive evidence, sought to be adduced by the CBI against him, happens to be documentary evidence, that is voice recording.\"In the opinion of this court, there is no question of the petitioner either intimidating the complainant or tampering with the evidence,\" the court observed.The HC has asked the IPS officer to furnish bail bonds with two solvent sureties, each of Rs 2 lakh to the satisfaction of the special judge, CBI court, Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606266", "title": "Traffic cell begins to identify accident-prone spots", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following the road accident in which a minister's son died on Wednesday, Lucknow traffic cell has identified 102 accident-prone spots in the city. The accident has reinstated the need for road safety measures at critical spots in the city. On an average close to 100 persons die in road accidents in the city every month.Signboards with directions and warning of danger ahead, zebra crossings and other features required for better traffic management are missing. Apart from traffic police, several other government agencies such as Lucknow Municipal Corporation, Lucknow Development Authority, Public Works Department as well as highway authorities share responsibility of improving road safety measures. \"We have the power to identify and tell agencies concerned to paint zebra lines at important intersections and put up warning boards where required. It is their prerogative to take action on our inputs,\" maintained Arvind Sen, superintendent of traffic police.On Thursday, traffic department urged authorities to lay down speed-breakers, medians, permanent barricades, zebra crossing and warning boards in order to reduce chances of road accidents across important stretches. \"We got a request from the traffic department and will repaint the zebra crossings,\" said P K Srivastava, additional municipal commissioner.Some crucial accident-prone spots that lack road safety elements are Munshipulia crossing, Sector-25 crossing in Indiranagar, Picup trisection in Vibhuti Khand, Samta Mulak circle (opposite UPTRON in Gomtinagar), Nadarganj intersection, Shaheed Path trisection, Army Public School intersection in Sarojininagar, Naka, Barabirva, Koneshwar, Balaganj, Maviyya, KKC College, Tedhipuliya, Matiyari, Kamta and Samera crossings in Chinhat area among others. Traffic department will also undertake a week-long drive against rash drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17608005", "title": "AI flight to Ludhiana cancelled for fifth time in a month", "text": "LUDHIANA: The flight from Delhi to Ludhiana was cancelled yet again due to inclement weather. This is the fifth time that the flight has been cancelled this month.Air India manager at Sahnewal airport Amrik Singh said, \"The flight, scheduled for today, was cancelled due to bad weather. The flight comes from Kanpur to Allahabad and to Ludhiana via Delhi. However, it couldn't fly from Kanpur due to bad weather in Allahabad. The weather was not favourable for landing here either, therefore, it was cancelled.\"But he said the fight schedule for the rest of the week remains the same on Saturday subject to favourable weather conditions. Sources at the Sahnewal airport expressed concern over frequent cancellations of the flight saying, \"Each cancellation shakes the confidence of the people which is why occupancy in the 48-seater-flight is low. It normally stands at 50 to 60%\".Karanpreet Singh, a businessman from BRS Nagar, corroborated this saying, \"If we have to go to Delhi, we don't take this flight as it is mostly cancelled. Instead, we take the Shatabdi or go to Chandigarh to fly to Delhi\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606024", "title": "Petitioner wants SC to monitor CBI probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: There is no stopping the petitioner in the disproportionate assets case that has come to haunt the Samajwadi Party chief and his family. After the Supreme Court order, Vishwanath Chatruvedi told TOI on Thursday that he would file a review petition in the case very soon.\"I wondered why Dimple Yadav was exonerated,\" Chaturvedi said. The bench, reportedly, was of the view that Dimple did not hold an office of profit at the time the inquiry started. \"Prateek too wasn't holding any office of profit at that time. So why was Dimple let off and Prateek not? I would highlight this discrepancy through a review petition in the apex court,\" he said.Chaturvedi also remained skeptical about the role of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the case. \"The Union government has been using the CBI as an instrument to achieve political targets. If truth has to come to the fore, CBI should be given an independent hand to look into the matter,\" he said, urging the apex court to monitor the investigation in the case. \"The point has not been looked at by the court to the best of my knowledge. In the review petition, I would include the point for monitoring of the case,\" he said.In December 2005, Chaturvedi alleged that the chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav's assets were disproportionate to his income. Lodging public interest litigation in the apex court, he demanded a CBI probe in the matter. Regarding the judgment, he said, \"Though the pace of development in the case has been slower than my expectation, I'm happy that the case has inched forward. There is some hope now,\" said Chaturvedi.Chaturvedi himself has been accused of being a Congress mole, which he vehemently denies. In fact, the SP chief had mentioned before the Supreme Court that he had being instigated by the Congress to lodge the case. Born to an ayurvedic doctor based in the Congress stronghold, Rae Bareli, Chaturvedi has fond memories of his village in the Shivgarh block. \"Being born in Rae Bareli doesn't mean that you inherit the membership of Congress party. I am not their agent or work on their behalf,'' he said.''I am an ordinary Indian who is grossly affected by corruption. My sole agenda is to stand up against this evil. Face of a poorest of the poor Indian motivates me to attack,'' he said. Chaturvedi asserts that he is not vengeful towards Mulayam Singh Yadav. \"I would have done the same if there was any other politician,\" he asserted.Besides challenging 'socialist' Mulayam Singh Yadav , he contested assembly elections against BJP stalwart Rajnath Singh and is also responsible for exposing the food grain scam through his PIL. He has filed more than 30 PILs of diverse nature and most of these cases are high-profile. Chaturvedi however dismisses this as a coincidence. \"I do not pick and choose,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607002", "title": "ASI to restore Khajuraho Vishwanath temple", "text": "INDORE: Conservationists at the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) are ready with an action plan to remove the thick black layer of chemicals and pollutants on the famous 12th century Vishwanath temple at Khajuraho, dating to the Chandela dynasty. The plan is aimed at restoring the outer surface of the stones to its past glory.The Vishwanath temple has been turning black owing to deposits of dried biological growth and pollutants over the years and the outer surface of the temple made of porous sandstone is now covered with a blanket of algae, lichens, deposits of spores, dust and dirt which have been a cause of worry for the archaeologists working on scientific conservation of the monuments. They believe that the temple requires an immediate repair and renovation.\"This is the first time that we would be treating the Vishwanath temple with eco-friendly chemicals to fight the dried biological growth,\" said superintendent archaeologist (Chemist) V K Saxena claiming that this time the consuming method would rid the temple stones of unwanted deposits.Along with the Vishwanath temple, the Vamana temple in Khajuraho and Mohammad Ghouse tomb in Gwalior would also be taken up for eco-friendly scientific preservation. \"Currently, a team of scientists is engaged in the conservation of Matangeshwar temple, Mahadev temple and Chitragupta temple and the work is likely to be completed by March 2013,\" said the superintendent archaeologist. He further stated that the proposal for cleaning Vishwanath temple is ready and would be sent to the ASI director's office for approval.There is a team of experts who have been trained by the scientists on nuances of preservation. \"The general cleaning of the monuments is a delicate procedure involving experts and experienced labourers,\" said assistant superintending archaeologist H K Asthana.Detailing the procedure, he said a dilute mixture of ammonia solution is used to soften the deposits for the easy removal of accretions and biological growth deposits with mild brushing. \"Ammonia solution is safe as it is basic in character and dissolved ammonia is evaporated from the substratum within a short span of treatment,\" he said adding that the non-ionic detergent is used in wetting the agent as it is not dissociated in to ions when used in solution.Asthana said, another important step is the removal of micro vegetation from the surface. \"Normally bleaching powder slurry in aqueous medium is used to remove micro-vegetation, but special formulations may be prepared and used for other specific problems as per the requirements,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605981", "title": "Hizbul, LeT continue to be dominant in J&K;: Shinde", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely two days before he is scheduled to take up the counter-terrorism issues with his Pakistani counterpart Rehman Malik, the Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde on Wednesday informed a Parliamentary panel that the terror outfits Hizbul-Mujahideen (HM) and Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) continued to be the \"dominant\" militant groups in Jammu and Kashmir.He said these outfits were mostly operating from Baramulla, Kupwara and Bandipore, Anantnag and Pulwama districts in Kashmir and Poonch, Ramban and Rajouri in Jammu region.\"This issue is being addressed from the security point of view and also taken up diplomatically with Pakistan\", Shinde said during the Consultative Committee meeting of his ministry on \"security situation in J&K;\" on Wednesday.Malik will arrive here on three-day official visit on Friday. Besides launching the revised visa agreement- signed in Islamabad in September - between the two countries, both Malik and Shinde will also discuss issues concerning counter-terrorism measures, border management, fake Indian currency notes and cooperation among security and investigation agencies during their meeting on Friday.Malik will call on PM Manmohan Singh, national security advisor Shiv Shankar Menon and leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Saturday.Maintaining that the terror-related violence in J&K; was at its \"lowest\", Shinde told the Consultative Committee members that this has been made possible because of the yearning among the people in the state for peace and the successful measures taken by security forces of the state and Central government in restricting infiltration from across the Line of Control (LoC) and various other counter-insurgency actions on all fronts.Issues relating to migrants, rehabilitation of the surrendered militants, speedy implementation of Prime Minister's Reconstruction Programme and PM's Package for Return and Rehabilitation of Kashmiri migrants to the state were also discussed in the Committee meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606273", "title": "Cabinet panel on investment gets green light", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Cabinet on Thursday gave a ringing endorsement to a ministerial committee to fast track projects above Rs 1,000 crore while it also cleared a bill making consent of 80% of land owners mandatory in the purchase of land for private projects.The discussion on the Cabinet Committee on Investment - the nomenclature being changed from National Investment Board - saw all ministers present at Thursday's meeting being asked for their views. The proposal, aimed at injecting a fresh momentum into the economy, received the overwhelming backing of all ministers.The land acquisition bill is a key UPA initiative that sets a benchmark for rates of land acquired in urban and rural areas and its tough provisions on consent of land holders have been retained on the insistence of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.The Cabinet note upped the quantum of consent from 67% suggested by the group of ministers, a move that is not likely to please industry which is also concerned about the cost of land purchase shooting up and the consequences for competitiveness of Indian business. The consent for PPP projects will be 70%.While the land acquisition bill, if passed, may raise apprehensions of longer project deadlines, the Cabinet also approved a committee that will shorten red tape and look to frame timelines for administrative and regulatory clearances.In view of objections raised by some ministers, the Cabinet decided to designate the new panel as Cabinet Committee on Investment rather than the more high-sounding National Investment Board. The CCI will subsume the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs.After the meeting, I&B; minister Manish Tewari said, \"The Cabinet Committee on Investment has been mandated and tasked with the responsibility of projects of investment over Rs 1,000 crore and ensure expeditious approval if timelines are not adhered to.\"Apprehensions of some ministers that powers of their departments will be curtailed by the new entity failed to find support. It was felt that the CCI could, in fact, facilitate more efficient and transparent processing of project proposals. Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath reportedly made the point that officials will work more efficiently under the new set-up.Most ministers present gave CCI a thumbs up and environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan - whose ministry had detailed objections to the NIB proposal - did not press her dissent. She is believed to be of the view that a Cabinet committee headed by the PM is a doable proposition rather than an NIB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "17607418", "title": "Emergency copter service to snow-bound Lahaul from Jan 1", "text": "MANALI: The snow-bound tribal areas of Himachal, which have lost all road connectivity after heavy snowfall, would get air connectivity to other parts of the state from January 1, an official said.Snowfall has left Lahaul valley of Himachal cut off from rest of the country and Pangi valley of Chamba is also expected to lose road links soon for the same reason. Helicopter service would be the only mode of transport to come out or go inside the valley for thousands of residents for the next five months. Lahaul-Spiti and Kullu administration has assigned eight employees for the purpose, who would be in charge of sorties between the two districts.General administration department (GAD) special secretary J R Katwal said, \"Helicopter service to Lahaul would be started from January 1. In case of any emergency, sorties may also be operated in December. An emergency sortie was operated to rescue accident victims in Spiti on Wednesday. GAD would provide all possible help to snowbound residents of the state.\"Flights would be operated between Bhuntar in Kullu and helipads of Lahaul, including Udaipur, Jispa, Baring, Kaza, Rukling, Sagnam, Sissu, Stingri, Tabo, Tandi, Tindi and Tingret. Residents would be able to apply for tickets in helicopter soon, he said. Often, people get seats weeks after application due to the limited sorties as there are hundreds of applicants. As helicopter service depends entirely on weather conditions, it sometimes becomes very hectic and even fatal at times for people in medical emergencies, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606998", "title": "MP cops in UP to probe Morena bus bomb case", "text": "BHOPAL: State police have dispatched a team to Uttar Pradesh (UP) in connection with the time 'bomb', found in a Gwalior-bound private bus on Wednesday.A Jaidevan, Morena (SP) told TOI that copies of two driving licenses, belonging to two different persons, issued from Mathura (UP) were found in the bag containing the bomb. Clippings of some regional newspapers from UP were also found in the bag, he said.The bomb was defused using Cordtex detonating cords - that provides non-electric initiation of blast patterns for both surface and underground blasting, at around 10.30 pm on Wednesday.The bomb was assembled with around 600 gms yellow powder, ball bearings, a clock, 9 watt- battery and a cylinder. Police said the powder has been sent to state forensic science laboratory Sagar for identifying the chemical composition.Inspector general (IG) S W Naqvi said, experts claimed that, the timer was not connected to the bomb and the wires were fixed on the batteries using adhesive. \"We have sent the samples for forensic analysis,\" he said.The Morena police are also on a lookout for the three passengers who, alighted from the bus near Gwalior railway station. One of the passengers was a mid-aged woman, said police.The Madhya Pradesh anti-terrorism squad (ATS) and special task force ( STF) has also joined the investigations into this case.The bomb was found in the bus - operated by Chambal bus services - was on its way to Gwalior from Morena, on Agra -Mumbai national highway (NH) - 3. The bag was left abandoned on a seat, by an unidentified passenger, who alighted from the bus near a private engineering college under Banmore police station area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17606482", "title": "'Freelance artists can't survive in this state'", "text": "Haren Thakur has brought Jharkhand and its tribal art and culture to the notice of art aficionados in the country. A trained artist, who also came in touch with the Bengal art school during his days in Shantiniketan, Thakur is known for his unique medium and his works have been appreciated throughout the country. In a tete-a-tete with Kelly Kislaya, the artist shares his views on the future of art in the state and today's youth and government support.You had put up an exhibition of your paintings at India International Centre in Delhi in August this year. How was the response?The response was wonderful; not just the public but even the critics liked my painting style.Do you think artists are given the same respect in Jharkhand as they are given in other states?We cannot say artists are not given respect at all, but yes, people do not understand the difference between creative art and commercial art.Do you think the government is supportive enough to promote artists?Artists have still not gained enough recognition from the government. Government should involve artists in forming committees for development of the state. The vision of an artist is different from that of bureaucrats. Artists will be able to give a better idea on beautification and construction work in the state.You have been the designer of Rock Garden (a local park) but in the last few months design of the place was changed by private constructors and a building was constructed in the park...Natural beauty of the park has been destroyed and a mall has been constructed in its place. Same happened with Sri Krishna Park in Doranda. I designed the original park in 1992 but it was not managed well and it closed down after some time. When the park was reconstructed I was not consulted even once and the whole concept was changed.Do you think students nowadays are keen on considering art as a career option?Yes definitely. I started teaching art in 1976 but art was never sought as a career option then. But in the recent years, almost 200 of my students have made a good career in art and are settled in different states.Do you think art can be a career in Jharkhand?No, one cannot be a creative freelance artist and survive in Jharkhand as people here still do not prefer buying paintings. In other cities, buying paintings is considered an investment but it is not so here. Lack of publicity is the main reason.Is the state government the only reason behind lack of publicity?The state government is no doubt a reason. There is only one art gallery in the city and that too in Hotwar whereas it should be in the heart of the city and frequent exhibitions should be organized there. Local newspapers should also give some space to art. They can dedicate four pages to crime but not even half page to art.What are you doing for the promotion of art in the state?I organize 'Palash' every year with some other artists in the state since 1985 under the banner of Chotanagpur Art Research and Development Society where we invite artists from all over the country for on-the-spot painting and interaction with art lovers. This year, we will organize it between December 21-23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17606402", "title": "ID card for PDS dealers in Gumla", "text": "GUMLA: The district administration has decided to provide identification cards to PDS dealers, kerosene vendors and functionaries of the Mukhya Mantri Dal Bhat Yojna (MMDBY) in its bid to check irregularities in the central schemes.\"The objective of the new approach is to check lifting, transportation and distribution of ration and kerosene by fake dealers,\" said Gumla SDO Girija Shankar Prasad. Fake dealers in the state, in many cases, use identities of dead PDS dealer to divert essential items under the public distribution system.\"We have information about foodgrain and kerosene being lifted by even dead PDS dealers. So a profile containing full information about each dealer will be kept and online complaint with regard to all aspects of PDS will also be accepted,\" said Prasad.Three types of identification cards have been proposed - light green for PDS shop-owners, red for kerosene vendors and yellow for conductors of MMDBY, said Prasad. The subdivision supply office has prepared these cards which will be soon distributed.Also, block-level officers will be on inspection duty on days when ration and kerosene will be distributed.There are 753 PDS shop dealers in the state, including 231 SHGs for women, and 17 kerosene vendors - 16 in the district town and one in Ghaghra block headquarters. There are 17 conductors of MMDBY - four in Gumla town, one each for all 12 blocks and one for the Toto suburb in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606063", "title": "HC bars rape accused from leaving Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a grim view of allegations by a rape victim that a trial court wrongly acquitted the accused, the Delhi high court on Thursday barred the man from leaving the capital.Justice V K Shali gave the order while admitting an appeal filed by the victim and later by the state against acquittal of one Dushyant Verma.HC also asked him to furnish a bail bond of Rs 50,000 and a surety of like amount to the court's registrar general (RG) even as it ordered him to immediately surrender his passport.Warning him to desist from trying to influence or intimidate witnesses who turned hostile during trial, HC however permitted Verma to visit Baghpat in UP from where he has been pursuing his LLB. The court was hearing a combined appeal of the State as well as the rape victim against the trial court's October 24, 2011 verdict acquitting him on the ground that there were contradictions in the woman's testimony.In her plea in HC, the victim alleged the trial court has ignored evidence and testimonies of prosecution witnesses including a lawyer, who had suggested her to lodge a case, and the doctor, who had examined her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17607433", "title": "Doctor in the eye of the storm", "text": "PATIALA: A doctor at the Rajindra hospital is in the eye of the storm for performing a yajna right in the middle of his patients' ward.Visitors to the hospital were surprised on Thursday, when they walked into the premises to the chants of shlokas emanating from the ward meant for eye patients. They were surprised to see Dr Dharmvir Challiya, head of the eye department of the hospital, putting the sacred preparations into the fire. He was joined by junior doctors and the staff in his endeavour of \"ward purifying ceremony\". Apparently, none gave much thought to the discomfort of patients lying around in the ward after undergoing eye surgeries, for the sacred ritual continued for almost 40 minutes or so.While Dr Challiya claimed that the yajna was performed to purify the ward, around 16 patients lying on beds left the ward fearing the smoke might harm their eyes. Apparently, the department head had summoned a Hindu priest in the ward in the morning and went ahead with the ritual of the sacred fire even as his patients started trooping out of the ward in sheer disbelief.\"We couldn't believe our eyes when we saw the priest making arrangements for the yajna. Then, around 10.30am, doctors and nurses entered the ward and the yajna fire was lit,\" a patient who had walked out of the ward told TOI later.\"While the doctors and staff were smiling as the chanting of mantras began, we did not find it amusing at all. After 20 minutes or so, I saw many patients making for the door. The ward was full of smoke and some of us even had trouble breathing properly,\" the patient added.According to Dr Balvir Singh, a well-known eye specialist of Patiala, the smoke could have harmed the eyes of newly-operated patients. \"At least for the first 15 days, all those who undergo eye surgery should stay away from smoke and dust,\" he said.But for Challiya, there was nothing wrong in the yajna act. \"Junior residents wanted to purify the ward with a havana. I allowed it and even participated in it. There is nothing wrong in it,\" he claimed. When told that many patients had problems and had to leave the ward, he claimed that no one had complained to him of any problem.When contacted, V K Sharda, medical superintendent of Rajindera hospital, denied having giving any permission to Challiya him for organizing the yajna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605608", "title": "Lower back pain leading cause for disability among senior citizens", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lower back pain \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a common phenomenon among Indians \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been found to be the leading cause of years lived with disability (YLD) globally.The Global Disease Burden study, published on Thursday, showed that lower back pain caused 83.1 million YLDs across the globe in 2010. Pain in the neck along with depressive disorders and iron deficiency anemia make up the top four leading cause of YLD. In 2010, there were 777 million YLDs from all causes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d up from 583 million in 1990.The main contributors to global YLDs were mental and behavioural and musculoskeletal disorders and diabetes or endocrine diseases.The leading specific causes of YLDs were much the same in 2010 as they were in 1990 like lower back pain, major depressive disorder, iron-deficiency anemia, neck pain, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, anxiety disorders, migraine, diabetes and falls.The study looked at consequences of 289 diseases and injuries, estimating their global prevalence and impact on health.The study first identified 220 unique consequences of disease and injury as causing disability.Hearing loss was found to be one of the main causes affecting 1.3 billion people, and vision loss affected another 661 million.The study said that non-fatal health outcomes from diseases and injuries are a crucial consideration in the promotion and monitoring of individual and population health.In 2010, the two disease categories responsible for almost half of all YLDs - and consequently the largest overall health impact - were musculoskeletal disorders like arthritis and back pain and mental and behavioural disorders such as depression, schizophrenia and drug and alcohol use.According to Professor Alan Lopez from the School of Population Health of the University of Queensland, who authored the study, \"In an era in which the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) have focused global health attention on prevention of mortality from selected diseases, it is important to realize that health is about more than avoiding death. Health priorities have, for much of the past 100 years or more, been largely driven by the imperative of improving the survival of populations, particularly child survival.\"Professor Theo Vos added, \"This was justified, in view of the technologies available to treat and prevent childhood illness. However, societies spend substantial and increasing resources on keeping people healthy and alleviating disease, not only on keeping them alive into old age. As health care costs are rising fast, it is essential to provide governments with adequate information on how best to prioritize their health services to most adequately address the prevailing health problems.\"The number of individuals affected by head aches or migraine was also huge \u00e2\u20ac\u201d these neurological causes ranked as the second and third most common, respectively.Cancers caused a total of 4.5 million YLDs. Cardiovascular and circulatory diseases accounted for 2.8% of all YLDs with ischemic heart disease and stroke accounting for 60% of the total for the cardiovascular category. Chronic respiratory diseases accounted for 6\u00c2\u00b73% of global YLDs with the largest contributor being chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (29.4 million YLDs) followed by asthma with 13.8 million YLDs.Neurological disorders accounted for another 42.9 million YLDs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d migraine accounted for more than half of these YLDs.Mental and behavioural disorders accounted for 22.7% of all YLDs. YLDs for the category as a whole have increased by 37% from 1990 to 2010 from 129 million to 177 million and rates have also increased by 5% over the two decades.The study said, \"In 2010, there were a total of 777 million YLDs globally, implying an average health loss of 0.11 years per person. By sex, the YLD rate was 10819 per 100000 male individuals and 11755 per 100 000 female individuals, with female individuals accounting for 51.6% of all YLDs globally. Around 15.3% of YLDs in 2010 were due to communicable, maternal, neonatal, and nutritional disorders, 78.6% to non-communicable diseases and 6.1% to injuries.Beginning at 10 years and extending to 65 years, mental and behavioural disorders were a major cause, contributing as much as 36% between 20 and 29 years. Nearly as important but with an older age distribution, the other dominant cause was musculoskeletal disorders.Several neglected tropical diseases caused between one and four million YLDs, including schistosomiasis and lymphatic filariasis that are highly prevalent in India.Within this category, six disorders or clusters of disorders accounted for more than 10 million YLDs each. The largest category was depressive disorders: major depressive disorder caused 63 million YLDs and dysthymia caused 11 million YLDs \u00e2\u20ac\u201d together accounting for 9.6% of all YLDs.Schizophrenia, alcohol use disorders, drug use disorders, and bipolar disorder accounted for 12.9-16.4 million YLDs. Anxiety disorders were also a major global cause, contributing 3\u00c2\u00b75% of all YLDs. Another important category of diseases causing YLDs was diabetes, urogenital, blood, and endocrine diseases, which accounted for 56.9 million YLDs. Major causes included diabetes mellitus (20.8 million YLDs).The main contributors were neck pain (33.6 million YLDs), osteoarthritis (17.1 million YLDs), and the other musculoskeletal category (28.2 million YLDs).Osteoarthritis of the knee accounted for 83% of the total osteoarthritis burden. Around 13 skin diseases collectively caused 33.7 million YLDs, with the largest cause being eczema followed by acne.Injuries accounted for a total of 47.2 million YLDs in 2010 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d up from 34.1 million in 1990.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17605959", "title": "Workshop delves intovarious aspects of personality development", "text": "As parents and teachers play an important role in shaping the future and inducing positive thought in the youth, they also contribute to positive development of personality in them. On Thursday, a workshop was organised to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanada at Ramakrishna Math. Head of the Lucknow branch of Ramakrishna Math and Mission, Swami Muktinathananda emphasised on the need to prevent problems of the youth and need of such a workshop for the parents and teachers, so as to equip them to tackle such sensitive issues of life. The workshop was conducted by Srimat Swami Atmapriyanandaji Maharaj, vice-chancellor, Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda University, Belur Math, Howrah and Dr Satyajit Ash, a Kolkata-based psychiatrist. The programme aims at inducing positive thought and positive development of personality in children and youth in the age group of 13-24 years. Those who want to avail the benefit of this programme may contact the centre on the following email idFoundation day: Department of Radiotherapy, King George's Medical University would be celebrating its 26th Foundation Day on Saturday at 12.00 noon at PHI Bhavan, KGMU. The department would also start the Photo Dynamic Therapy (PDT), the latest cancer treatment technique, on this day.Invited: Prof Sandeep Saxena, incharge of retina service, department of ophthalmology, King George's Medical University, has been invited as guest faculty at the 'Asia Pacific Vitreoretinal Society' meeting in Hong Kong, being held from December 14 to 16. He will deliver a lecture on 'Idiopathic retinal vasculitis in Young Adults.'GBTU registrar appeals: Registrar of Gautam Buddha Technical University (GBTU), US Tomar has appealed to all the head and chief of the institutions and organisations of the state that they should not conduct their entrance examination on April 20 and 21, 2013 (Saturday and Sunday). On these dates, GBTU will be conducting an entrance examination for engineering and professional courses. Tomar said that for the benefit of students appearing in the examination, other institutions should conduct their examinations on other dates.The commercial tax department has realised Rs 21,262 crore by November end in comparison to its annual target of Rs 38,492 crore, a shortfall of 55.24%. Principal secretary, tax and registration (commercial tax) Viresh Kumar has issued instructions to speed up the recovery process sector and zone wise on the basis of the laid down norms. Additional commissioner (administration) Kamini Ratan Chauhan has asked the officials to recover the amount by making a list of 10-10 defaulters sector and zone wise.BKU delegation meets Akhilesh: A delegation of Bhartiya Kisan Union led by its national president Naresh Tikait met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Thursday and handed over a 15-point memorandum regarding problems being faced by the farmers. During the meeting, the delegation sought expansion of the ambit of loan waiver scheme by including more banks and also the cooperative societies into it. It also demanded private tube-well connections for farmers, revoking cases lodged against them during agitations against land acquisition and including farmers with up to 2 acres of land holdings in BPL list, a release given by the union said.The CM assured the delegation of taking every possible measure in the interest of farmers.Darbar day and old boys' week: UP governor BL Joshi and college patron will be the chief guest on Darbar Day to be held on December 21at Colvin Taluqdars' College. An alumnus (1956 Batch) of Colvin, IIT Kharagpur, and Illinois Institute of Technology , Chicago,Chaudhary Ajit Singh, Union civil aviation minister will be the guest of honour. The college has also decided to honour its alumnus Avnish Yadav a national volleyball team member on this occasion. The old boys' week celebration commences from December 14-20. The old boys are cordially invited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606512", "title": "Master of music and diplomacy", "text": "KOLKATA: Had Pandit Ravi Shankar delved into politics instead of music, he might have become Prime Minister, feels the maestro's first female student Vidushi Jaya Biswas nee Bose.Panditji did serve as a nominated MP in Rajya Sabha from 1986 to 1992.Known to be outspoken to a fault, Biswas who was trained by Pt Ravi Shankar from 1956-66, termed her Guru brilliant but by no means simple-hearted as many great Indian musicians of the era. \"He was large-hearted and generous. But he was also intelligent and a master in diplomacy. He knew how to publicize and market himself and was aware of what kind of work could be extracted from whom,\" said Biswas.Ravi Shankar had, in an All India Radio programme broadcast from Delhi around 1960, named Jaya among his 'pramukh sishya'. The others named in the programme were Uma Shankar Mishra (sitar), Gopal Krishna (vichitra veena) and Satyendev Pawar (violin).\"Very few knew that Guruji was a brilliant singer. In our time, taleem in any instrument meant that one had to first master how to sing and then translate the notes and raagas into the instrument. Guruji would first sing alaap in Dhrupad and then produce it on the strings. He could have become a renowned vocalist but that would have robbed the world of the virtuoso,\" said Biswas, who headed the Indian music section at Calcutta School of Music. The section was inaugurated by Panditji in 1974.She could have received taleem from Baba Allauddin Khan or his daughter Annapurna Devi but chose Pt Ravi Shankar. \"In 1955, after I had won the inter-university championship for the second successive year in Delhi,I had the opportunity of meeting Panditji and Annapurna Devi in New Delhi. Though my mother requested him to accept me as a disciple, he excused himself, saying he was too busy and instead asked her to go to Maihar to learn from Baba. But since that was not feasible-sending an unmarried young woman unattended to learn music at a far-off place was unthinkable in my home like any other middle-class Bengali household-.I had to wait a year before Panditji accepted me as his disciple. I had sent him a Poila Boisakh greeting to which he replied: 'Indeed very nice of you... Come over to Delhi and I take you as my disciple'. It is only later that I learnt that he had not accepted me the first time because Annapurna Devi did not approve of him teaching women. But now that they had split, he was not bound by her rules,\" she recounted.On August 15, 1956, the Gandha-Bandha (thread-tying) ceremony that formalized the guru-shishya relationship was held at Biswas' Shyambazar home. \"It's one of the most cherished days of my life,\" she said. Biswas, however, concedes that only Annapurna's taleem had the depth to match her father Allauddin's. \"Guruji and Ali Akbar Khan had virtuosity and variety. Guruji taught in a short and concentrated form while Ali Akbar could explain the most intricate aspects of music in a nutshell. But with Annapurna Devi, it was the original taleem the way she had learnt from Baba. One had to surrender the entire being to her,\" she explained.Biswas said that while India had produced many talented musicians, a Ravi Shankar happens only once in a millennium. Paramhansha Ramakrishna was a great saint. But had there not been a Swami Vivekananda, how many would have known about Ramakrishna? Similarly, Baba Allauddin was a great musician, but it is Guruji who took his music to the world.Over the next 10 years, Pt Ravi Shankar gave his heart out to teach his students and Biswas assimilated all that she could. In the initial years, he was leading the national orchestra Vadya Vrinda on All India Radio. Then his relationship with AIR soured and he formed the Rhythm Melody Orchestra. \"Once, barely three days before a concert, AIR banned any member of Vadya Vrinda to participate in Guruji's show. Musicians had to be brought from Goa and we disciples chipped in to ensure that the programme did not fall through,\" she recalled.In the latter half of the Sixties, Pt Ravi Shankar began to spend more time abroad, he would ensure that his disciples had his time when he visited India. But that ceased after his second marriage in 1989 when Sukanya ensured that his links with former students, particularly women, were severed.\"Though Guruji had many women in his life that was by no means unblemished, he never took advantage of his disciples. Yet, both the persons he married forbade him to teach women. While Annapurna may have done so to abide by tradition, Sukanya did not want him to teach anyone other than their daughter Anoushka,\" she remarked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17605354", "title": "13 more private universities to come up", "text": "BELGAUM: Karnataka will soon have 13 more private universities to promote higher education.The state assembly on Thursday gave its nod to establish - Sharana Basava University (Gulbarga); Adichunchanagiri University (Mandya); Manipal University (Manipal); Arka University (Bangalore); Dayananda Sagar University (Bangalore); Vellore Institute of Technology (Bangalore); MS Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences (Bangalore); Devaraj Urs University (Kolar); Roy Technical University; PES University; Spiritual University; Reva University (Bangalore); and KLE Technological University (Belgaum). All these bills were being passed in the absence of opposition members and a proper debate.This will take the total number of private universities in the state to 15. The existing ones are Alliance University and Azim Premji University.Presently, the gross enrolment ratio (GER) in the higher education sector in the state is 11.5% while the national average is 12%. The establishment of private universities by well-known institutions will certainly help in spreading quality education to the needy students. This also accelerates the enhancement of GER in the higher education sector. Our objective is to have 30% GER by 2020,'' said higher education minister CT Ravi.The state will have more seats and will fix the fee. In the new universities, the state's share of seats is 40% as against the earlier 25%. As far as the research students are concerned, the private universities will have the complete share.The fee of the university seats reserved for Karnataka students will be regulated by the Fee Regulation Committee constituted by the government. The minister said that earlier the private universities used to fix the fee for the state's share of seats. In future, the government will have the powers to form a committee and fix the fee.If situated in Bangalore city, the universities should have 25 acres land, and 40 acres if the location is on the outskirts. The punishment for violation of the private university act attracts a penalty of Rs 50,000 to Rs 10 lakh fine or imprisonment of six months to two years or both.Govt plans regulationThe minister said that the government plans to have the authority to regulate private universities in the state. He was responding to the remarks by some members that the private universities violate rules and don't prioritize the interests of the poor students.When some ruling party members demanded that representation should be given to legislators on the university committee, the government rejected it. None of the private universities in the country have a representation of legislators,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17606297", "title": "Goa &amp; Kashmir both unfairly typecast: Omar Abdullah", "text": "PANAJI: Jammu &amp; Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah's presence at the Goa Arts and Literary Festival 2012 not just met expectations but even exceeded them.Several attendees chose to park their vehicles kilometres away from the venue at Kala Academy in anticipation of unreasonable security arrangements. But, there were none.Arts and literature lovers paced the length and breadth of the auditorium expecting a late entry, but were, instead, caught off-guard when the young chief minister landed on stage on schedule.And when he began his speech, it was clear that the festival would start off on the right note. It is, after all, focusing on the northernmost state at its third edition.\"Both our states-Kashmir and Goa-are victims of being typecast. The first thing that springs to most people's minds when they think of Goa is the carnival and beaches, not art or literature. At least nine out of ten will speak about violence, when asked about Kashmir. This is inherently unfair for both states,\" said Abdullah.He continued, \"Yes, Goa has carnival and beaches. But that is not what Goa is all about. It boasts of a unique culture and has a rich history. And the same is also true of Kashmir.\"The outspoken politician said Kashmir is also secular and is home to diverse cultures. \"It is not just a place for problems. It is one of the most diverse states.\"Elaborating, he said, \"As it was placed near the ancient Silk Route, it was a melting pot of cultures since a very long time. It has its sprinkling of Buddhists, Christians, Sikhs and every region from Jammu to Kashmir to Ladakh has its own way of speaking, cuisine, dance and there are further sub-regions within these regions.\"Goan writers Damodar Mauzo and Vishnu Wagh described the visit of Abdullah and the Kashmiri delegation of artists and writers at the festival as a meeting of the snow-clad mountains with the Mandovi.\"I am almost feeling guilty for not having brought some snow with me to Goa,\" Abdullah replied, drawing laughter from the small but involved audience.The keynote speakers, writers Mridula Garg and Eunice de Souza, too, continued their romance with Goa in keeping with the mood of the occasion.\"Goa has done what it is known to do best-make the other its own. That is why I say Goa is just like literature. Goa has changed like all other places around the world. But it is also the same and has resisted the urge to become obsessive or delirious. Goa does not deceive. It is a paradox of frantic mining and deep concern for the environment,\" Hindi writer Garg said.De Souza said Goa has given birth to artists, poets, writers and musicians in numbers which are disproportionate to its small size.While chief minister Manohar Parrikar skipped the festival inaugural for his birthday celebrations, Abdullah made up for the absence with his graciousness as he took in the overwhelming experience of world renowned soprano of Goan origin Patricia Rosario with Mark Troop and Amar Muchhala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606029", "title": "SGPGI to offer low cost MRI facility from January", "text": "LUCKNOW: The immunology department of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences (SGPGIMS) is all set to offer low cost Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) facility from January 2013.Talking to TOI on Thursday, director, SGPGIMS, RK Sharma said, \"First, SGPGIMS is the only centre in the state and third in the country to install the machine. The other two centres are: Christian Medical College and Hospital, Vellore and Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education and Research, Seth Sukhalal Karnani Memorial Hospital, Kolkata.\"Some private centres, he added, would also provide the facility but at an exorbitant price. \"We will offer the service at Rs 10,000 approximately as compared to the minimum market price of Rs 25, 000,\" claimed Sharma. He also said that as compared to other medical imaging techniques like computed tomography (CT) scan and X-rays machine, MRI provides a more clear image of the internal body structures at low cost.Sharma also spoke about the institution's foundation day which is to be celebrated on Friday. \"We will be celebrating our 32nd foundation day on Friday and noted cardiac surgeon, Dr Devi Prasad Shetty will deliver speak to students and faculty members on the occasion,\" he stated. Dr Shetty, it may be noted is medico who offered 'heart surgery at an affordable cost'. Later, he founded Narayana Hrudayalaya where the low cost heart surgery was performed.In response to a query regarding development of the emergency unit as a separate department (something which was announced by the chief minister Akhilesh Yadav few months ago), the director said that he cannot move further till the required manpower is sanctioned. \"To take this project further, we will increase the bed strength by 30. For this, we need additional manpower so that we do not burden the existing staff. Already, we are facing 50% shortage of manpower including doctors and paramedical staff.\"Meanwhile, hectic preparations are underway at PGI in wake up of foundation day celebration. Outstanding students and staff will be awarded in the category of MCH, DM, best senior nurse and best technician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17606622", "title": "Development projects hit as top brass in legal tangle", "text": "NOIDA: Development work in Noida has been suffering a great deal due to the ongoing legal battle on the postings of the chairman and CEO. Noida Authority has now decided to list and complete all minor works in Noida while major developments will resume only after the board meeting is held.Noida Authority OSD Manoj Rai said that major development works cannot be undertaken without involving the top brass. \"We have started shortlisting minor works. The board meeting's date is likely to be declared by next week. Work on the intelligent traffic system and Metro extension will only be possible when the board issues tenders after due budgeting,\" Rai said.Sources said when Akhilesh Yadav took over as chief minister, he directed the Noida, Greater Noida, Yamuna Expressway and Ghaziabad authorities to speed up development work, especially on the intelligent traffic system, widening of NH-24 and Metro rail extension. He then posted Sanjeev Saran as CEO and Rakesh Bahadur as chairman of Noida Authority due to their earlier stint in the region. But now their appointments are in a legal tussle and development projects are at a standstill.\"For the last two months, the Authority has not been able to hold board meetings to approve the budget and sign an MoU with DMRC due to the court case,\" said a senior Authority official. Important projects including three multilevel parking lots, five underpasses, disbursal of compensation to farmers, etc are in limbo,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17606612", "title": "Meghalaya pursuing Centre for re-transfer of def land", "text": "SHILLONG: The state government is pursuing the Centre for re-transfer of vast stretches of \"unused' defence land in and around the capital city.Stating this in the assembly on Thursday, minister in-charge, revenue and disaster management RC Laloo said a committee headed by the chief minister constituted for the purpose already had two sittings so far. He added that the issue regarding re-transfer of defence land has been moved by the state government from \"time to time\" with the ministry of defence.\"According to available data, the area with the defence establishment in and around Shillong is around 2096.12 acres,\" the minister said in reply to a question posed by legislator Paul Lyngdoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP), a constituent of the Congress-led ruling coalition.Pointing out that there were vast stretches of land under various defence establishments, which were lying unutilized and were in access, the legislator from Jaiaw reminded that the house had adopted a resolution for the formation of an all-party committee to pursue the matter related to re-transfer of defence land to the state.On the other hand, leader of opposition Conrad Kongkal Sangma pointed out that the committee formed for the purpose did not have representation from the Opposition. The minister assured to look into the matter.Replying to a question by Lyngdoh, home minister HDR Lyngdoh told the house that the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) would not be in a position to complete the Shillong bypass by the end of December this year.Stating that 70 per cent of work has been completed as of date, the minister said the stipulated date for completion of the bypass was February, 2014. He added that all land owners have been adequately compensated. However, the minister informed the house that the NHAI has also agreed to compensate farmers whose crops have been damaged due to the ongoing construction work for the bypass. Lyngdoh said the deputy commissioner of East Khasi Hills district has written to the NHAI for payment of compensation to the farmers within this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17606322", "title": "Navy rescues boat, crew off Goa coast", "text": "VASCO: Indian Navy members rescued a fishing boat from sinking along with its crew in a rescue operation on Thursday afternoon.At around 11.53am, the INS Kondul received a distress call from a fishing boat, 'Vijovin', which reported uncontrollable flooding in its engine room with its engine completely immersed and the boat in imminent danger of sinking, a press note said.The ship arrived near the distressed boat at 12.28pm and immediately lowered its boat with the ship's damage control party along with the engineer officer to render assistance. The engine room was completely flooded and the boat was sinking gradually. The rescue personnel provided prompt assistance in not only salvaging the boat but ensuring that it was towed back to harbour safely, the press release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17607003", "title": "Child beggars beg for dollars at Bodh Gaya", "text": "GAYA: Nearly 300 child beggars jostle with visitors, particularly Europeans and Americans, visiting Bodh Gaya in the tourist season mostly with 'no father, no mother, one dollar please' plea and in the process mar the country as well as state's image. The number of child beggars comes down to about 100 in the off season, says Bodh Gaya researcher Rajiv Kumar.A sizeable number of seasonal child beggars bunk schools to indulge in the lucrative begging business. The response of the tourists/visitors swings between sympathy and disdain as quite a few of the tourists can be seen making awful gestures while negotiating with the beggars most of them carrying aluminum bowls.Prevalence of child beggary at Bodh Gaya becomes all the more reprehensible as several dozen registered NGOs receiving funds from different sources claim to work for the welfare of the disadvantaged sections particularly children. Not only that. The National Child Labour Project envisages the rehabilitation of child beggars. The more distressing aspect of child beggary at Bodh Gaya, according to Kumar, is the fact that girls outnumber boys in the 'lucrative trade' and almost all the child beggars are Mahadalits.Film maker Tom Riddle, who documented beggary at Bodh Gaya in 2007 and whose speaking photographs are available on the web, observed, \"Girls are there because their families have no other way of earning money. They are totally destitute because the families believe that the girls can earn more money begging on the streets. For these families education is not a high priority.\" The issue of child beggary at Bodh Gaya and children skipping schools to beg in the Mahabodhi temple vicinity was first raised by Rev Vimalsara, a Sri Lankan monk, in 2001.While admitting that there are reports of school children opting for beggary at Bodh Gaya, Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi said that it was the responsibility of the National Child Labour Project officials to rehabilitate child beggars. Kiran Lama, general secretary, International Buddhist Council, says that the council has no obligation towards child beggars as the council's primary object was to protect the interests of the Bodh Gaya-based foreign monasteries.According to activist S B Bhaskar who for decades worked among the Mahadalits, the child beggars foot the 'liquor bill' of their parents. Accusing the government of being insensitive, Bhaskar said that driving the child beggars out during VVIP visits would not do and something concrete has to be done to remove the scourge of child beggary at Bodh Gaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606194", "title": "No clarity in Education Act on corporal punishment ban", "text": "MUMBAI: While introduction of the Right to Education (RTE) Act brought joy to many, its slow implementation has raised questions. But amid a host of rules specified by RTE, the clause which bans corporal punishment in schools and colleges is far from being implemented, especially as several cases of corporal punishment have been reported of late.\"We frequently get complaints from parents about their children facing various forms of physical and mental torture in the name of punishment. What bothers us is the fact that even after knowing about such cases, most parents refuse to report the matter to higher authorities and instead, try to cover up the matter,\" said Arundhati Chavan, president of PTA United Forum. She attributes such behaviour among parents to the indifference shown by the school management as well as the government's inability to enact laws in this matter. \"While the RTE specifically mentions that corporal punishment needs to be banned, it does not directives on any punitive measures that should be undertaken when such a case emerges,\" Chavan said.School principals, however, believe that unless parents complain about such problems, there's nothing they can do to help. \"There have been some cases in the past where parents have made up such complaints just to get back at a teacher, so we need to inquire properly before taking any f action. We have always been ready to help the parents,\" said the principal of a school in Byculla.\"Teachers lack skills needed to handle difficult children and behaviour as no school or institute focuses on alternate skills. All frustration of teachers, including their own personal issues, is then channelled to the children, which needs to stop,\" said psychiatrist Dr Hairsh Shetty. He added that even though there has been increased awareness in general about ban on corporal punishment, parents are scared of the school management as little help comes from them. \"Implementation of only a law won't help, the root cause of the issue needs to be treated,\" added Shetty.According to RTE, \"No child shall be subjected to physical punishment or mental harassment...whoever contravenes this, shall be liable to disciplinary action under service rules applicable to such person.\"There is still no clarity on what refers to 'disciplinary action' in the Act. \"We are waiting for the bill for Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Schools to be approved, which covers offences like any form of physical or mental torture against kids,\" said education minister Rajendra Darda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17608068", "title": "Skeleton find can help unmask real Mona Lisa", "text": "LONDON: Archaeologists believe they are about to unravel the enigmatic smile behind Leonardo da Vinci's masterpiece Mona Lisa after discovering what may be skeleton of the woman who posed for the world's most famous painting.Lisa Gherardini, the second wife of wealthy Florentine silk merchant Francesco del Giocondo, is recorded as buried in Saint Ursula convent and the team of Italian art historians archaeologists believe they have her remains.The team led by Silvano Vinceti, a former TV producer , is attempting to exhume and identify Gherardini's remains by sending the bones to universities in Italy and abroad, where they will be checked against the DNA of two confirmed relatives of Gherardini, the Daily Mail' reported.\"Once we identify the remains we can reconstruct the face, with a margin of error of 2%-8 %. By doing this, we will finally be able to answer the question art historians can't : Who was the model for Leonardo?\" Vinceti said.It remains one of the greatest mysteries of the art world \u00e2\u20ac\u201d what is the secret behind the mysterious smile boasted by the woman in the Mona Lisa, the world's most famous painting.There has been centuries of debate over the 77cm by 52 cm picture, also know as \"La Gioconda\" . Most modern historians agree that the lady in the painting was Lisa del Giocondo, who became a nun after her husband's death.However, Vinceti is not certain whether the painting that now hangs in the Louvre in Paris is of her. \"When Leonardo began painting the model..., he did not draw that metaphysical, ironic, poignant , elusive smile, but.. he painted a person who was dark and depressed,\" he said. Vinceti believes the famous smile was added later and may belong to da Vinci's assistant Gian Giacomo Caprotti , also rumoured to have been his lover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17604988", "title": "'Capital Hospital security cover undergoing total overhaul'", "text": "Capital Hospital was caught unawares on Monday as around 40 hooligans went on a rampage, attacking patients and doctors with impunity. Three days after the unprecedented incident, the hospital's chief medical officer Sudarshan Das informs Ashok Pradhan about their plans to spruce up the security apparatus.The incident exposed the hospital's inept handling of such a situation.Nobody expected such an attack ever inside the hospital. It was an extension of a fight outside between two groups which reached here. It was not a direct attack on doctors or hospital staff. They became victims because the fight took place in their workplace. Since the outsiders were too big a group, our security men were not enough to handle them. For health professionals, I take this as a professional hazard, a one off incident.Are you ready to face such a challenge in the future?I don't think such an ugly episode can happen ever again. The security cover in the hospital is undergoing a total overhaul. Visitors through the main entrance to the casualty will be regulated outside the building itself, at the asbestos sheet on its front. Only two attendants will be allowed to accompany a patient. The entrance near the police outpost will be manned by policemen. The entry near the orthopedics ward will be manned by two security guards round-the-clock. The internal security in various wards and intensive care units will increase substantially. Outdoor opening will remain without security scan because that is not a problematic area.Why couldn't the hospital take immediate police help?The hospital has a police outpost with three to four policemen on duty. After the incident, we are planning to make a request to the commisisonerate of police to open a full-fledged Capital Hospital police station here in place of the outpost. That will mean more police manpower and faster relay of information among the police circle. We will soon place such a proposal with the city police.Are you planning to install CCTVs at entry points?That is one of the suggestions, but personally I don't think it is a bright idea to install CCTVs for isolated incidents like the one that happened recently. Emergency patients, including women , come to the hospital in untidy conditions, unmindful of their attire. Scanning their visuals through CCTV would be unethical. It has a cost implication too. However, we have constituted a committee. We will go with the committee's decision in this regard.Why are there conflicting reports about user fee collected at Capital Hospital?A-There is no confusion. We have given information about the amount to a gentleman who sought it using the Right to Information Act. The same information was passed on to the health minister for answer to an assembly question. Due to typing errors in the minister's reply, user fee spent was wrongly mentioned as that collected by us from patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605623", "title": "Denied hafta, Delhi cop gave supari?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unidentified assailants arrived in a policeman's car and fired at a 28-year-old cable operator in outer Delhi on Thursday morning, leading to allegations that the cop had ordered the attack because the victim refused to pay him protection money \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 'hafta' in local parlance.The victim, Jeetender, was shot in the stomach and later underwent an operation. He is said to be critical. His family members said constable Narender, whose car was left behind by the attackers, had been demanding \"protection money\" for Jeetender's fledgling business operations in and around Tajpur village near Alipore.Jetender's family members allege that constable Narender had been demanding protection money from him.\"When he refused to pay, he was threatened with dire consequences by this cop. He even came to our house to threaten us. We had complained about him at Alipore police station and DCP %office. But no action was taken,\" said Mehar, the father of the victim.Constable Narender, who is posted at Hauz Qazi police station in Old Delhi, has been detained for questioning. Angry residents stoned his car - a Swift Dzire left behind in the village - smashed it with sticks and tried to torch it.Till late Thursday night, police had arrested two %persons in connection with the attack and detained several more.DCP (outer) B S Jaiswal said the attack could have been a result of rivalry between cable operators. \"There has been a long standing feud between two warring cable operators leading to violent clashes. We had earlier taken preventive action against the two sides. However, the fact remains that %the car recovered from the spot belongs to a Delhi Police constable, Narender. His role is being investigated,\" Jaiswal said. A case of attempt to murder has been registered at the Alipore police station.According to Jeetender's family members, the victim was sitting in the sun outside his house, along with his brother and father, when four to five men arrived in the% car. One of them took out a weapon and fired at Jeetendra. As the locals began chasing them after hearing gunfire, the accused fled leaving the car behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606472", "title": "Petitions of 2G accused to be heard by SC bench which monitored probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: A three-judge bench of the Supreme Court headed by Chief Justice Altamas Kabir on Thursday told the 2G scam accused that their plea for recalling orders, which allegedly violated their constitutional and legal rights, would be heard by the two-judge bench which monitored the CBI probe into alleged irregular allocation of 2G spectrum.Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani argued before a bench of CJI Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar that the two-judge bench's decision to ask the Delhi High Court not to entertain any plea against trial court orders amounted to wiping out the rights guaranteed to the accused under Article 21 of the Constitution and various provisions of the Criminal Procedure Code.But CBI's counsel, senior advocate K K Venugopal, raised a preliminary objection to the three-judge bench entertaining the petitions by accused Shahid Balwa, Asif Balwa and Rajiv Goenka. He said judicial discipline required that pleas for modification of orders passed by a particular bench of the Supreme Court should not be entertained by another bench.Jethmalani said there was an urgent need to address several other issues which arose during the court-monitored investigation into the 2G spectrum scam. He said, \"The apex court-evolved law relating to court-monitored investigation has become an unruly horse and time has come to leash it.\"Though the bench stuck to its stand that the petition needed to be heard by the same bench which had passed the orders allegedly adverse to the rights of the accused, there were light moments during the hearing.When advocate Prashant Bhushan requested the court that he be allowed to argue as intervener on behalf of the original petitioner NGO 'Centre for Public Interest Litigation' in the 2G scam case, the bench asked him to produce a letter from the NGO authorizing him to argue on its behalf. This made Bhushan cry foul and narrate the credentials of the NGO which had filed 50-odd PILs in the SC and HC. He said the governing body had authorized him to take up litigation to protect public interest.Hardly had he sat down after the court insisted on the authorization letter, Jethmalani started in his baritone questioning the legality of the two orders passed by the two-judge bench allegedly muffling the rights of the accused.When the bench wondered why there was so much excitement in the court, octogenarian Jethmalani responded, \"For me, even to look excited will take a lot of effort.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "17608087", "title": "Facebook overhauls its privacy controls", "text": "HOUSTON: The world's largest social networking site Facebook has unveiled tools to simplify its privacy settings, in its latest bid to give its users greater control and clarity over how their personal information is shared.The new privacy features, unveiled on Wednesday, come as Facebook and other internet giants face close scrutiny from privacy advocates and regulators who are concerned about how personal information is shared across the web.Facebook representatives said the new features give users more control and will clarify its complicated and confusing privacy settings.The most visible change will be a new \"privacy shortcuts\" section that appears as a tiny lock on the right-hand side at the top of people's news feeds. This feature offers a drop-down box where users can get answers to questions such as \"Who can see my stuff ?\" and \"How do I stop someone from bothering me?\"Other updates will include a tool that enables users review all the publicly available pictures identifying them on Facebook and suggestions on how to request that an embarrassing photograph be removed . Facebook also plans to plant a privacy education page at the top of the news feeds within the next month or so to help them better manage their online identities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606737", "title": "Police constable held for stealing bike batteries", "text": "CHENNAI: A police constable was arrested in Ayanavaram on Wednesday night for stealing two-wheeler batteries and other petty offences.Police said Gunasekaran (32) of Palani Andavar Koil Street in Ayanavaram, who was inducted into the Tamil Nadu Special Police battalion 13 in Avadi only last year, was trying to open the window of a house when the owner woke up and alerted neighbours. Gunasekaran tried to run away but was caught after a brief chase.He was in khakis and was wearing shoes. Residents who caught him first thought he was posing as a policeman but were startled when they found he was a constable. During questioning, Gunasekaran confessed to having stolen the two-wheeler batteries. He said he sold them at cheap rates and spent the money on booze. He said he operated alone and that his friends were not aware of his activities, he said.As a local resident, he was aware of the areas where there was minimal police presence and made sure he targeted such areas late at night, police said. He also revealed that he had stolen from a student a laptop given by the state government.Some two weeks ago, attempts were made to burgle some houses in the are. Unidentified men left behind the two-wheelers they had tried to steal after seeing some people come out. It remained a mystery as police were unable to trace the persons involved.Investigations are now on to find out if Gunasekaren was behind these attempts, a police officer said.\"We have confirmed that he was involved in petty offences in the area. He took to crime thinking that few would suspect him and he could evade arrest,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17607465", "title": "IIM-Raipur launches its newsletter for marketing enthusiasts", "text": "RAIPUR: The Indian Institute of Management Raipur (IIM-R) launched a newsletter on marketing 'The Marketing Times' at its campus, for the benefit of marketing enthusiasts.The newsletter is a result of extensive brain storming among the students, who felt that there was a need to keep them updated round the clock in the field of marketing. The newsletter covered marketing lectures in both the trimesters held in the first year post graduate program (PGP). It aims to update students in the marketing field across the globe.The newsletter launched in one of the presentations wherein the students delved into the concepts of marketing and provided an insight on the changing global scenario in the field of marketing.To enhance the understanding of students, it was splurged with modern day corporate real life examples. The students who contributed in its making are Llewellyn Fernandez, Thousif Mohammed, S Sreejith, Jamal Shahid and Shashank Badre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605506", "title": "Signal failure holds up trains, sparks chaos", "text": "MUMBAI: Railway services on the main and harbour lines were disrupted due to signal failure near Santa Cruz on Wednesday evening. Due to failure around 9pm, trains were held up north and south of Santa Cruz for over 30 minutes, leading to bunching of trains and subsequent delay till midnight.A Western Railway spokesperson said, \"The signals in Santa Cruz turned red due to fluctuations in power supply that led to the fuse tripping. The signals were restored around 9.40pm.\"The power is supplied by Tata Power, but the exact reason behind the cause of failure is yet to be ascertained, the spokesperson said.Due to failure, train services came to an abrupt halt in Up and Down directions on the main line and harbour line. Scenes of people jumping from the tracks to reach the nearest station were witnessed at several places. All stations on WR were overflowing with commuters. The CR also curtailed the harbour line services up to Bandra due to the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17606357", "title": "Students beaten up for failing to pay for school trip", "text": "RAMGARH: Five Class 9 and 10 students - both girls and boys - of Saint Peters High School under Mandu block in Ramgarh district were allegedly beaten by principal Janki Rao on Wednesday when they expressed their inability to pay Rs 2,500 for an educational tour to Kolkata as proposed by the school. The proposal was strongly opposed by the parents of the students who rushed to the school and organized a demonstration outside the school building.Five students, including three girls of class 9 and 10, sustained injuries after they were thrashed by the principal. The students are Kajal Kumari, Khushboo Kumari, Indu Kumari, Vandana Kumari and Gangadhar Kumar. While some of them received injuries on their palms, blood oozed from the nose of another student.Anil Chadravanshi, father of Kajal Kumari, who sustained injuries after being beaten up, said: \"'My daughter was beaten up by the principal after she said she was unable to pay the Rs 2,500 asked by the school for a trip to Kolkata. The school never called a guardians' meeting seeking their consent about the tour program.'' He added that his monthly budget did not allow to pay for the tour program finalized by school.Rao said she punished the students because of their indiscipline and rude behavior. \"Like other years, this year too the school has finalized an educational tour program for 10 selected students. They were asked to submit Rs 2500 and many students happily deposited the amount,\" Rao said, adding only the five who had revolted were punished.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17606615", "title": "CRRI to conduct e-way safety audit", "text": "NOIDA: Taking cognizance of the increasing number of accidents on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway, Noida Authority has finally swung into action. The Authority has decided to conduct a safety audit of the e-way and has written to the Central Road Research Institute (CRRI) for its expert advice on several aspects of traffic engineering of the 23.6km stretch.Officials said a survey of the expressway by CRRI has already been carried out to determine infrastructural and safety lapses. \"We have asked CRRI to focus on the existing design of the central verge, entry/exit points, safety, etc,\" said a senior official. Officials said CRRI would also help in identifying black spots and suggest means to rectify accident-prone areas.Meanwhile, the Authority has allocated Rs 70 crore for resurfacing and widening of service lanes along the e-way. \"Tenders are already under process and resurfacing should start by February,\" said the project engineer assigned to the expressway. \"Rs 50 crore will be used for resurfacing and the rest to widen existing service lanes to 5.5m,\" he added.\"Other civil works include raising the level of drains along the expressway, besides construction of a U-turn under the Mahamaya flyover and conversion of five minor underpasses to larger ones,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "stockholm", "code": "17607641", "title": "Explain \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcMyanmar arms export\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, Sweden tells India", "text": "STOCKHOLM: Sweden asked India on Thursday to clarify how Swedish-made weapons wound up in Myanmar in breach of EU sanctions , after it was had already borne fruit. revealed the Indian Army had purchased the arms, trade minister Ewa Bjorling said. The announcement came a day after Sweden's export control agency said it was investigating the arms presence , a probe Bjorling saidShe told parliament that the Swedish Agency for Non-Proliferation and Export Controls (ISP) had informed her that the weapons came from India. \"And as a result I asked ISP to request clarification from the Indian authorities ,\" Bjorling said. Pictures taken by a Myanmar freelance photographer and published in the Swedish media this week show a Carl Gustaf M3 anti-tank rifle and ammunition left behind by Myanmar government soldiers.The weapon's serial number is clearly visible in one of the photographs. The European Union has had a weapons embargo against Myanmar since 1996. On Wednesday, an ISP spokeswoman said it was \"relatively unusual\" for Swedish weapons to end up in the hands of third parties. Media reports said the arms were captured by the Kachin Independence Army, an insurgent group.Sources claimed that the alleged shipment of arms from India may have been provided to gain diplomatic favours in the country which China is trying to woo. New Delhi has also been pushing the Myanmar regime to expel insurgents from India's northeast who have set up bases there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17608259", "title": "New spin given to PMO\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Sir Creek reply", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17606488", "title": "'No marriage before Rio Games'", "text": "BOKARO: For ace archer Jayanta Talukdar, marriage is not in his scheme of things, at least for the next four years.The 26-year-old archer, while speaking to TOI on the sidelines of the 10th Jharkhand State Archery Championship in Bokaro, said he does not plan to get married before the 2016 Olympics at Rio De Janerio as he is now concentrating on the bull's eye.Talukdar is participating in the recurve category on Friday and Saturday.The Arjun awardee is one among the three Arjuna awardees including Deepika Kumar and Mangal Singh Champia who have arrived here to participate in the championship.\"I will certainly marry, but after the Rio Olympics. If I get married now and have a wife and children, my attention will surely get diverted which may have negative impact on my performance,\" said Talukdar.He is participating in the state level archery championship after five years. as he for as most of the times he remained out of Jharkhand in camps or playing championships at other places.\"I have heard lot about Bokaro and this is also one of the reasons that brought me here.\"He added that his primary aim is to perform at the National Archery Championship in Chennai. He is also targeting Asian Archery Championship in Taipei and World Archery Championship in Turkey , both in 2013.Speaking about London Olympics 2012 , Talukdar said there were many factors which adversely affected his performance. He also blamed Archery Association of India (AAI) for his poor performance saying the equipment were provided to them only a week before going for London Olympics.They didn't get enough time to adapt to the new bows. Besides, all the Indian archers fell ill after reaching London following change in climate which also affected their performance.Talukdar said AAI only expects medals and does not provide facilities to players. \"Keeping high expectation from players is fine, but for that government should also provide proper facilities,\" he said.like equipments, high-class trainings and good coaches. That we never get. Simply practicing without proper technical training and other supports is not easy for any archer to bag gold in international matches. Korean archers not only get archery training but they also are provided physiotherapist, masseur and psychologists for counselling. The archers are also being trained to handle crowd pressure. That's why Korean and archers of other countries perform well\".Talukdar pointed that when the players of other countries like Korea and Italy have started practicing for Rio Olympic the AAI has not even planned for it. However, he said that Jharkhand has huge potential as majority of successful archers are from this state. He giving success tips to the budding archers said that to perform well in archery one should have stamina, technique and mental control besides hard work. Talukdar used to jog and workout in gym to build up stamina and also practiced yoga and visualization training to improve concentration and mental control. To learn technique, he took help of coaches specially Dharmender Tiwary of Tata Archery Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17608101", "title": "Fifty shades of brown? Toaster to give your bread perfect hue", "text": "LONDON: A US student has developed a new 'smart' toaster which can cook bread to a person's exact preferred shade of brown without burning it.The toaster ditches traditional time settings in favour of a state-of-the-art coloursensing method to ensure the bread inside never burns.The 'Hue' smart toaster has been designed by 21-yearold Basheer Tome from the Georgia Institute of Technology after he grew tired of having to hover over toasters only for his bread to emerge burnt.When the bread is put into the new toaster, an electronic screen on the machine displays the colour of the slice as it is, the Daily Mail said. A touch-display screen gives the user the various shades of brown they can select for their toast and even shows them the colour it will be when cooked. The heating device will stay on until the toast reaches that exact colour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17609778", "title": "Sambhavna Seth is back with a bang", "text": "The hot and sexy Sambhavna Seth returns on the small screen to make some noise. She will be seen in Zee TV's 'Phir Subah Hogi', doing what she does best. Yes, an item number in the one-hour special mahaepisode of 'Phir Subah Hogi'. Sambhavna has been roped in for a special dance sequence.There will be an intense wedding drama where the two warring Thakur families will come together to fix an alliance between Kuhu (Vikram's family) and Digivijay (Jwala's family). A huge jashn will be organised where Sambhavna will perform on a rustic, sensuous number. It's will be a high voltage drama sequence where amidst the wedding celebrations, dance performances and festivities, one will see Sugni (Gulki Joshi) trying to reach the marriage venue to stop the wedding.Says an excited Sambhavna, \"I am thrilled at the offer. Especially since the song they have selected for me is the current chart topper, ' Fevicol se' from the movie ' Dabangg 2'. Kareena has done a fabulous job in the song and I hope I do equal justice to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17607255", "title": "Saifai poised for 15 days of fun", "text": "KANPUR: It is that time of the year when Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav's native village Saifai in Etawah district, transforms for 15 days into a happening venue with the Saifai Mahotsav.The mahotsav starting from December 14 in the memory of Mulayam Singh's late nephew Ranvir Singh Yadav promises a fortnight of entertainment in the form of performances by Hindi and Bhojpuri films damsels, foot-tapping music, classical music and dance, stage shows, 'kushti-dangal' (wrestling contests), laughter shows and vintage car rally.The main 'mahotsav pandal' with a seating capacity of more than 1 lakh, will buzz with activity from December 15 with a musical programme in which playback singer Shaan will take the stage.It will pave the way for a concert by Sufi singer Kailash Kher and dance troupe of Shiamak Davar performing on December 18. These artistes will be followed by singer Sapna Mukherjee on December 19. Next in turn will be comics Irfan and Ali Hasan from Pakistan besides, Kapil Sharma, Rakesh Keni and Rajan Srivastava, who will perform on December 16, 19, 22 and 25. Some famous stage plays like 'Taj Ka Tender', 'Biwi O Biwi' and 'Chekov Ki Duniya' will be staged at the Chowdhary Charan Singh auditorium on December 19, 20 and 26.On December 24, noted poets like Gopal Das Neeraj, Surendra Sharma, Kunwar Bechain, Munnawar Rana, Qaleem Kaiser, Sunil Jogi, Sarita Verma, Suman Dubey, Ramesh Muskan, Surya Kumar Pandey and Kamlesh Sharma will take the stage for 'Kavi Sammelan' at the same venue.The mahotsav will also include cricket, badminton, volley-ball tournaments and a bicycle marathon. The 50-km bicycle marathon from Mainpuri to Saifai carries a prize of Rs 5 lakh for the winner and is likely to witness huge participation of locals. The winners of second and third prizes will take away Rs 3 lakh and Rs 2 lakh, respectively for their achievements. It will also witness a world class vintage car rally on December 22, in which participants from Pakistan are likely to take part too.Originally, the Saifai Mahotsav, as conceived in 1997 by a dedicated band of youths led by Ranvir Singh Yadav and Dev Brat Gupta, was meant to be a three-day affair in which villagers had fun, purchased from the 'haat' and enjoyed 'kushti-dangal' and 'nautanki'.It was after Ranvir's death that SP supremo gave it a face-lift celebrating it for 15 days every year. The annual event welcomes more than two lakh visitors.\"A large trade fair, with at least 800 stalls, where SUVs, cars, tractors, jeeps and other agricultural machines will be put up on display for sale, is also part of the mahotsav,\" informs Vedvrat Gupta, manager of the mela committee.The UP State Road Transport Corporation is providing in 44 special shuttle buses to ferry people to the venue and 'raen-baseras' (night shelters) have been put up for visitors, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606820", "title": "'Calligraphy through the Ages' comes to Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: A travelling photo exhibition on the 'Calligraphy through the Ages' would be held at the Gauhar Mahal from December 17. It is being organised by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), part of its 150th year celebration. Part of its five city tour, the exhibition comes to the city after rave reviews in New Delhi, Lucknow, Srinagar.\"Calligraphy as an art has a history. Its legacy can be seen in the heritage structures in Bhopal as well. The exhibition attempts to showcase marvels of epigraphy in Arabic, Dravidian, Persian and Sanskrit calligraphy art,\" said ASI Bhopal circle, superintending archaeologist N Taher.The exhibition would highlight marvels of calligraphy on stone, paper, metal objects, seals and coinages, which are unique in the world in beauty and creativity. Bhopal, became important centre of calligraphy as it is result of royal patronage.According to ASI, the exhibition would showcase Arabic-Persian and Sanskrit-Dravidian Calligraphy on monuments, papers and coins. The calligraphers works still decorate the facades of medieval monuments like Taj Mahal (Agra), Ibrahim Roza (Bijapur), Jami Masjid (Golconda), Adina Masjid Pandua (West Bengal), Ashrafi Mahal (Mandu), Akbar's tomb (Sikandara), Jami Masjid (Delhi) and many more. Copies of hand written Quran, waslis (wall hangings) and tughras are other examples of calligraphy on paper. Medieval coins of India are considered among the most beautiful coins of the world because of calligraphy on them.The photo exhibition in Bhopal will remain open for public till December 23. After Bhopal, the exhibition would travel to Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606312", "title": "Sawai provides a platform for newcomers and stalwarts", "text": "PUNE: The annual Sawai Gandharv festival means different things to different people, including the artistes who perform on stage and music lovers who spend hours sitting in the sprawling pandal relishing the musical journey. It's a platform for new performers as well as seasoned stalwarts.Vocalist Sanjeev Chimalgi was a little awkward when he took stage in the third session of this year's Sawai Gandharv Bhimsen Mahotsav on Thursday at the Raman Baug Prashala Grounds. \"I was among the audience for so many years, listening to the towering personalities from the world of Indian music. Performing on the same platform makes my heart heavy,\" Chimalgi said.His awkwardness, however, disappeared in no time giving way to a confidence that helped him delve into the vast expanse of Raga Bhimpalas with great aplomb. Chimalgi trained under Kirana Gharana's vocalist Madhav Gudi and Gwalior Gharana's exponent CR Vyas, blends the styles of Kirana, Gwalior and Agra Gharanas to create his own style of singing. He expanded the characteristics of Bhimpalas with the seriousness that the raga deserves as he presented composition 'Naad samudra hai bahut kathin vrat' in vilambit khayal. His drut composition 'Sung sawaal mora le jaa' struck an instant chord with the audience thanks to their familiarity with the raga as numerous film songs and numbers from Marathi plays have been composed with it. Chimalgi proceeded with the drut composition 'Bhanvara sataave ri,' and followed it up with an all time favourite devotional number 'Bhagyada lakshmi baarammaa.' He concluded his performance with a bhajan composed by Gorakh Nath, 'Guru ji mein to ek nirantar gaaoon ji' leaving the audience asking for more.Chimalgi was accompanied by Seema Shirodkar on harmonium and Vishwanath Shirodkar on tabla.Daughter and disciple of music legend Kumar Gandharv, Kalapini Komkali's appearance on stage further elevated the mood of the evening. Komkali ensured full command the minute she opened with the late afternoon Raga Multani, with vilambit khayal 'Baariya Sai lagi re,' accompanied by Suyog Kundalkar on harmonium and Sanjay Deshpande on table. She explored the entire range of Multani to please the audience with its pleasant, rather mischievous mood which she retained in the drut part of 'Dil bekaraar hai gaao.'Kalapini meandered effortlessly through the intricacies of Raga Hamir as she sang 'Ajab duniya, jaariya kahan.' After lingering awhile on this composition she brought forth 'Kaise ghar jaaoon langaravaa re,' in which she enunciated with mastery the sweet protest of a young woman about her nosy mother-in-law and sister-in-law. Kalapini concluded with the traditional Maalwa speciality Rasiya, with 'Bari mhaaraa lagan sakha.'Farooque Latif Khan and Sarwar Hussain came in with the promise of Sarangi, trained under Ustad Abdul Latif Khan. Both lived up to expectations of the audience as they presented evening Raga Shree with support from Ramdas Palsule on tabla and Akhilesh Gundecha on Pakhwaj. The uncle and nephew duo harnessed the stringed instrument, not often heard in Sawai, claiming appreciation from listeners for their perfection and ease. After Raga Shree, Farooque and Sarwar offered a dhun set to teen taal.Sameehan Kashalkar, son of singer Ulhas Kashalkar and an ITC Music Academy scholar began his vocal performance with Raga Kedar. Ulhas Kashalkar soon joined his son. The two had percussion legend Suresh Talwalkar on tabla and harmonium ace Arvind Thatte in accompaniment.Friday's session has an impressive line up in Pallavi Pote (vocals), Malini Rajurkar(vocals), Anand Bhate(vocals) and Hari Prasad Chaurasia (flute).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17608170", "title": "Nagpur in chaos; cops busy with VIPs", "text": "NAGPUR: This is how the life is for around a fortnight in Orange city when the winter session of state legislature is underway. Whether Vidarbha gets a fair deal or not, resentment among the citizens rules the roost with their lives affected by tedious traffic snarls, erratic diversions apart from agitators or protestors suddenly going berserk on the roads.Bickering motorists with cops on roads and souring temper of residents held back for convoys of VIPs are a common sight during the session. People casting aspersions on allegedly corrupt ministers is the most frequently heard noise apart from the slogans of protestors. The crucial arterial roads and main junctions like Variety square, Jhansi Rani square, RBI square, Jaistambh square, Shrimohini complex T-point, LIC square, AIR square and some other spots in West Nagpur are the problematic places regarding which the residents have expressed their disappointment.AS Kesari, a lawyer, has filed a complaint with police and traffic officials stating citizens were facing hardship due to traffic snarls on the roads. \"The police authorities are keen to clear the convoys of the VIPs at the cost of the common citizens' ease. This is tantamount to infringement of the fundamental rights guaranteed by the constitution,\" he said.Kesari said that he would take legal action against the police if they did not pay heed to his plaint. Though city police chief KK Pathak is relatively new in the city, several residents feel the supporting senior officials could have planned the bandobast in a better way with the help of their experience. Businessman Manish Pandey said that the VIPs convoys everyday made a mockery of high court rul ings. \"There was a judgment against convoys with blaring sirens near the premises of the high court but today no one pays any heed to the direction,\" said Pandey. He too said that motorists were often caught unaware with traffic diversions.Jayati Vasudeo, principal of a private school, said police and administration should spend more time planning. \"Couple of days ago, an ambulance was kept waiting at a Sadar junction while allowing a VIP convoy to pass. The emergencies of common people are not considered important,\" she said. Vasudeo's colleague and teacher Neha Thakur stated there should be a better plan of action that would facilitate both the residents and the politicians. \"Just like the residents, the roles of the politicians and agitators are important. So, lets plan it in a way that both could go about their business,\" she said.Deputy commissioner of police, traffic, Jeevraj Dabhade said police were left with little option but to attend the assignment on priority basis. \"We had the winter session and a religious festival to tackle but now also have this cricket test match at Jamtha,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17606446", "title": "Irate mob blocks road as minor dies from electrocution in Steel City", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: An irate mob blocked the Mango-Paridih road for hours after a seven-year-old boy died from electrocution in Mango on Thursday.Locals of the densely populated Jawaharnagar in Azadbasti under the Mango police station area blocked the Mango-Paridih road which links NH-33 for over three hours demanding compensation to the victim's family. Following the blockade a large number of both private and heavy commercial vehicles were stranded on the Mango-Paridih and Dimna-Ghatshila routes.The din continued for hours as the Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) officials refused to announce compensation for the victim's family on the ground that there no such provision under the rules. However, following pressure from local politicians and intervention of the police, the JSEB officials assured to pay Rs 40,000 as compensation to the bereaved family. It was only then that the protesters relented and lifted the blockade, sources said.According to police, seven-year-old Mohd Inzamam, son of one Mohd Imtiaza and resident of Road No. 14 at Jawaharnagar, was playing outside his house when a worn-out overhead high tension wire fell on him accidentally electrocuting him in the process.\"The matter has since been resolved and body has been sent to MGM Hospital for autopsy. A case has been lodged in this connection,\" said Mango PS in-charge Himanshu Chandra Majhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606231", "title": "Budding cricketer goes missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A budding cricketer was reported missing under mysterious circumstances from Narhi area. Chandraprakash Singh, 17, a native of Deoria, has been staying with two other boys at a hostel in Narhi. Singh left the room on Tuesday night to buy a charger for his mobile but did not return.The two fellow inmates of the hostel Deepak and Sanjay informed his father Brijesh Singh when they were not able to find him till Wednesday. Singh's phone was found switched off when his friends and parents tried to contact him.His father reported the matter to Hazratganj police on Wednesday and a first information report under 364 IPC section (kidnapping or abduction to murder) was lodged.Singh was learning cricketing skills at KD Singh Babu Staduim, said A K Verma, in-charge of Hazratganj police. \"I am disturbed and am praying to God for safe return of my son,\" said Brijesh. The police said they were trying to find the last location of Chandraprakash through surveillance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17606595", "title": "Gadkari lambasts Congress, offers sops to Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Blowing the poll bugle in Arunachal Pradesh in the run-up to the 2014 parliamentary election, BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Thursday offered various sops to the people of this frontier state if his party comes to power at the Centre.\"Nationalism is the soul of BJP and providing good governance and social harmony is its mission,\" Gadkari said at a public meeting here this afternoon.Exhorting the people to vote the NDA to power, Gadkari said that his party wants to bring a change in the socio-economic scenario of the country, which has become distorted during the long rule of the Congress.\"Congress is synonymous with corruption and looting the country, depriving the poor and the needy. All the major scams surfaced during the Congress regime and the party is playing family-based politics,\" he alleged, adding \"Congress has done corruption in various places including air (spectrum scam), land (CWG) and underground (coal scam).\"Ridiculing the Congress's claim of progress and prosperity of the weaker sections, the BJP chief pointed out that many suicide cases of farmers have been reported in the country and the number of unemployed people is increasing per year.\"The present situation of the country is mainly due to faulty economic policy and bad governance of the Congress,\" he said. He added the country's GDP growth was mainly contributed by the BJP-ruled states.Referring to Arunachal, he said that his party was preparing a vision document for the northeast for overall development of the region with the main thrust on infrastructure development, education, power and health sectors.\"We want to ensure progress and do development-based politics in Arunachal and, if voted to power both in the state as well as the Centre, we will put more emphasis on infrastructure development, through which investment will flow to the state,\" he said.He alleged that despite inflow of a huge chunk of central funds, Arunachal remained to be backward. \"The state government, which claims to be a people-friendly government, has failed on all fronts to bring about real development. There are still several areas which have no proper road connectivity, schools, healthcare facilities and even basic minimum facilities for the people,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606778", "title": "Plea says relax norms for SC/ST in teacher test", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued notice to the state government on a public interest petition seeking relaxation of 5% marks for SC/ST and physically disabled candidates in the Tamil Nadu Teachers Eligibility Test for selection of BT assistant and secondary grade teachers in the state.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, issued the notice and said the selection of candidates to these posts would be subject to the outcome of the PIL, after advocate M Palanimuthu submitted that the authorities had not released category-wise figures of successful candidates.Citing an April 1, 2011 communication from the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), Palanimuthu said the NCTE recommended relaxation of 5% marks for SC/ST and disabled candidates. Though Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan relaxed 10% and 5% respectively, Tamil Nadu government did not extend any such facility, he said. If such a provision was made, several SC/ST, disabled candidates would benefit, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605516", "title": "Does drunk-driving merit an FIR?", "text": "MUMBAI: Is drunk driving a non-cognizable offence or a much graver cognizable one? The Bombay high court will decide on this vexed issue, which has huge implications in Mumbai, especially on the way the police tackles the menace of drunk driving. Justice Abhay Thipsay has reserved judgment in the case, following a bunch of petitions filed by city youth who were nabbed in the Mumbai traffic police's campaign in the last two years against DUI (driving under the influence of alcohol).The police have also requested the court to lay down guidelines for taking action against drunk driving cases, which are punished under section 185 of the Motor Vehicles Act. If a driver has alcohol exceeding 30 milligram per 100 ml of blood\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddetected in a test by a breath analyzer\u00e2\u20ac\u201dand is incapable of driving, he can be punished with a prison term of up to six months for a first offence. If caught for drunk driving within three years, the driver can be punished for the second offence with a prison term of up to two years.The state, represented by additional public prosecutor Usha Kejriwal as well some petitioners, has claimed that drunk driving is a non-cognizable offence. At present, the procedure is that whenever the police catch an offender for drunk driving, they conduct a breath analyzer test on the spot. If the result is positive, the offender is taken to the police station and made to pay a deposit. The next day, he has to appear before a judicial magistrate, in front of whom he can plead guilty and pay a fine. If he chooses to contest the charges, the matter goes to trial.The state in its affidavit said that since the maximum punishment is just two years, the offence was non-cognizable and bailable.But other petitioners, represented by advocate Milan Desai and H K Prem, have insisted that the offence is cognizable. This means that under the Criminal Procedure Code, the police must lodge a first information report, investigate the case and file a chargesheet before the trial is held. This allows the accused an opportunity to defend himself in a proper manner. To support their case, the lawyers have pointed to the document that the police submit to the magistrate, which is a format dating back to 1950, which mentions it as a chargesheet. They have sought a quashing of the cases, saying that since there were no FIRs, there was no way the police could have filed chargesheets. The court is scheduled to give its verdict later this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17607390", "title": "Week before poll results, political activity intensifies", "text": "SHIMLA: With just a week left for the announcement of assembly election results in Himachal Pradesh, political activity has intensified in the state besides the cold. While state Congress president Virbhadra Singh is returning to Shimla on Saturday, independents and leaders of third front have already held a meeting in Chandigarh to devise their post poll strategy.Though Congress and BJP both are claiming to win election with comfortable majority, secretly both parties are in touch with rebel candidates to gain their support in case need arises. On the other hand, Independent candidates too are waiting to play a crucial role in forming of government and to devise post poll strategy. Sources said they have already held a meeting at Chandigarh on Tuesday.Independent candidate from Nurpur Rakesh Pathania said the next government is not possible without the support of independent candidates. Even Himachal Lokhit Party president Maheshwar Singh, who floated the party after parting ways with BJP, is claiming that without their support, no party would be able to form the next government. They are claiming 1998 like situation when BJP had formed the government with the support of Himachal Vikas Congress floated by Sukh Ram.Congress headquarters and residence of Virbhadra Singh these days are wearing deserted look as Virbhadra Singh is in Delhi to attend the winter session of parliament. With his return, hectic activity would be witnessed again at both these places.According to sources, senior Congress leaders of the state besides candidates and office-bearers have been directed by the party to remain in Shimla during next week. Sources said after the return of Virbhadra Singh, party would discuss its post poll strategy. AICC general secretary Birender Singh and AICC secretary Anees Ahmed, too, are likely to reach Shimla next week, sources said.Lobbying for the chief ministerial post has already begun with many leaders rushing to Delhi to meet central leadership over the issue. While Virbhadra camp has already projected him as the next chief minister, Kaul Singh camp has time and again maintained that on winning the majority seat, central leadership would take the final call on chief ministerial post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17606949", "title": "Advertisers turn a deaf ear to illegal hoardings directive", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The drive initiated by the district administration, in association with the corporation and other departments, to get rid of illegal hoardings has proved ineffective. Majority of the advertising agencies and individuals have not removed the hoardings that are placed illegally in the city.District collector K V Mohankumar, after conducting a meeting with the officials of revenue, police, public works, national highway authority and KSEB, had fixed November 19 as the deadline for removing illegal hoardings. The meeting had also decided to take stringent action against those who violate the deadline as hoardings cause number of accidents in the city.However, advertisers have not taken any initiative to remove illegal hoardings. Moreover, new advertisements have appeared on different parts of the city.District collector had directed the advertisers to remove hoardings placed near traffic signals, footpaths, traffic alignments, electric and telephone posts. It was also decided that all illegally hoardings would be removed by the revenue squad on November 19 and the expenses would be recovered from the advertisers. The drive was introduced with an aim to prevent advertising agencies and individuals from putting up more advertisements and spoiling the landscape of the city.According to officials with the revenue department, they have removed 327 hoardings from the city since the advertisers failed to remove the hoardings before November 19. \"The squad will remove the remaining hoardings in the coming days,\" said officials with the department.District collector's directive to stop nailing trees for fixing advertisement is also not taken seriously by the advertisers. They have been directed to remove the nails from the trees, with an aim to protect the trees. Advertisers still continue their nailing assault on trees especially at busy junctions including LIC corner, West Nadakkavu, West Hill and Civil Station.Meantime, officials with the revenue department said they would intensify the drive against illegal hoardings, especially in the regions where hoarding have raised accident threats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610126", "title": "Rajinikanth asks fans to kick smoking habit", "text": "Tamil cinema icon Rajnikanth, whose inimitable style of popping a cigarette into his mouth earned him many a fan among youth, has urged them to kick the habit and indicated to them that he has no political ambitions.The actor had even once extended support to a DMK-led combine in elections against AIADMK. Addressing a gathering of his fans to mark his birthday after many years here last night, he said his illness had been caused by smoking , but admitted he was unable to give it up.\"I haven't quit smoking, but you should do so,\" he said adding he recovered from his kidney ailment, involving extensive medical treatment, only by God's grace and the prayers of his fans.Responding to fans' pleas urging him to play a larger political role, he said he would not be an effective leader and had no plans to launch a party, but expressed gratitude to the Tamil people for \"providing me with a livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17611385", "title": "Kaziranga University ties up with UK institution for joint research and exchange programme", "text": "GUWAHATI: Jorhat-based Kaziranga University has entered into a tie up with Cardiff Metropolitan University (CMU) of United Kingdom which will allow the two institutions to go for joint research and student and faculty exchange programme.An agreement to this effect was signed yesterday during a visit to Kaziranga University campus by a team from CMU led by Head of Collaborative Provision Lloyd Powell, a statement said today.\"The alliance between CMU, UK and KU, Assam spans a wide range of academic areas including research, teaching, as well as provisions for student and faculty exchange. The Memorandum of Understanding will enable Kaziranga University to offer globally recognised yet locally affordable academic programs to the youth of North East India,\" it said.The delegation led by Powell also toured the 50-acre campus of the Kaziranga University and looked through the various facilities there.Kaziranga University had earlier forged agreements with international institutions including University of Plymouth of and Jiangsu University of China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "17607750", "title": "Zardari among Pak leaders who evade taxes: Report", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A majority of Pakistani parliamentarians and politicians, including President Asif Ali Zardari , are tax dodgers, a report on rampant tax evasion among the country's political elite has revealed.The Centre for Investigative Reporting in Pakistan's report said two-thirds of the country's elected political leaders failed to submit any income tax returns last year. The 70-page report said that out of 446 members of the Senate and National Assembly, 300 did not file their tax returns. Those who did paid an amount that does not match their living standards.Out of 126 parliamentarians, who paid their taxes, only 15 paid above $10,500 and 68 below $1,060. PM Raja Pervez Ashraf paid only $1500 income tax which is an insignificant amount not matching his declared wealth.Out of 54 ministers, 34 did not file tax returns. The prominent among them include deputy PM Chaudhry Pervez Elahi, interior minister Rehman Malik, railways minister Ghulam Ahmad Bilour, Benazir Income Support Programme chairperson Farzana Raja and commerce Minister Makhdoom Amin Fahim.Fahim is not registered for even National Tax Number (NTN). Foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar, considered among the richest cabinet members, paid just $725.In the Senate, Aitzaz Ahsan was the highest taxpayer with $136,589 while Mushahid Hussain the lowest taxpaying senator. He paid less than a dollar in 2011. Jehangir Tareen was the highest taxpaying National Assembly member with $179,507. The lowest taxpaying was PML-N's Sheikh Rohail Asghar, who paid $ 175.Former PM Yousaf Raza Gilani and his 25 cabinet members had acknowledged in their nomination papers for the February 2008 general elections that they did not pay a single penny as income tax. Gilani even registered for NTN in 2010, one-and-half-year before quitting.According to the World Bank, Pakistan has one of the lowest tax collection rates in the world and the government is largely reliant on loans and foreign aid. In June 2011, the National Assembly was informed that Pakistan was second from the bottom among 154 countries on the tax to GDP ratio ranking.The government recently said it will launch tax amnesty for three million people if they agree to pay a one-off fine on undeclared income.\"This is our effort to bring the hidden wealth into the tax net. The government is giving this opportunity to tax evaders before launching a meaningful crackdown,\" said Zardari's spokesman Farhatullah Babar.But the report said the problem starts at the top. \"Those who make revenue policies run the government and collect taxes. They have not been able to set good examples for others,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "dindigul", "code": "17607866", "title": "Girl sustains injuries due to corporal punishment", "text": "DINDIGUL: A school girl sustained minor injuries in an incident of corporal punishment creating a flutter in J Pudhupatti, in Dindigul district on Wednesday. The parents of the girl, who staged a protest, gave it up after the elementary education officer assured them that concerned teacher would be transferred.There are about 200 students studying in the panchayat union middle school in J Pudhupatti in Athoor union of the district. Though there have been frequent complaints of corporal punishment being meted out to students here, no action was taken.A fourth standard teacher, Rita had allegedly hit the daughter of Ramesh of J Pudhupatti for not doing her homework. Her mother, Lalithaa, had reportedly complained to the authorities about the teacher's action, but no action was taken.Two days ago, the girl had come home and complained of pain on her back and when parents had asked for the reason, the girl who speaks with a stutter had told them that Rita had hit her with a scale on her head and back because she was not able to answer the questions.The mother had sent a letter through the girl complaining about the teacher's action to the headmistress Manimegalai, but as she was absent, the girl had kept the letter with her. Her class teacher, Rita, who came across the letter, was annoyed on reading it and had allegedly hit the girl again, following which the parents staged a dharna in front of the school gate, on Wednesday.The Athoor Union Assistant Elementary Education Officer, Murugesan, who came to the spot held talks with the parents and also held an inquiry, after which Rita had reportedly confessed to hitting the girl, but denied that she had hit her on the head. The parents gave up the protest after the officer assured them that the teacher would be transferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17606336", "title": "Teaming up to instil ways of healthy living among youth", "text": "Pressing for the need to eat healthy, Times NIE organized a Teachers' Knowledge Meet 2012 on 'Health and Nutrition in school'.Over 380 teachers participated in the event, conducted in association with Tetra Pak, food processing company and VLCC, the wellness partner. Guests for the event, held in Worli, were paediatrician Dr RK Anand, child psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty and the dietician at Max Hospital, Delhi, Ritika Samadar.Samadar said, \"It is essential to start a day with the right breakfast.\" Spelling out misconceptions about milk products and packaged food, Samadar said that milk has the right amount of macro and micro nutrients. The first meal of the day should be a combination of proteins and carbs,\" she said. \"Through this session, I learnt that bread is not a healthy option,\" said Maria Fonseka from Dadar's St Paul School.Guests discussed topics such as obesity in children, low attention span of students and tips to right parenting. \"Parents want to give their children the best of everything, but awareness should be increased about the right things that need to be done,\" said Anand. \"Food is all about association,\" said Shetty, urging everyone to involve children in the process of buying and cooking food so that they have a positive association of the entire experience.Actors Rajeev Khandelwal and Tena Babbar Desae, present at the event, spoke of the need to eat right to stay fit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "17608202", "title": "Trader killed in bid to prevent burglary", "text": "WARDHA: A trader was killed and his family members seriously injured while trying to prevent burglary at their house in Waigaon village, 10 kms from Wardha, in the wee hours of Thursday. Following the attack, the armed burglars decamped with cash `15lakh. The injured wife and two daughters of the slain trader, Vallabhdas Bhutada (40), have been admitted to a private hospital in Nagpur.Though burglary seems to be the apparent motive behind the murder, Bhutada's wife Pramila - who too is seriously injured in the incident - has claimed that it was a deliberate act to kill her husband. Giving a twist to the incident, she stated that the burglary theory was put forth to conceal the truth. Senior police officials have, however, maintained silence on the issue stating that investigation is on. It's also learnt that Bhutada had just returned from Nagpur after collecting some dues from traders. He had cash `15 lakh with him and planned to purchase soyabean with it.It is learnt, Bhutada, a merchant of seasonal crops, tried to put up a resistance against the armed burglars who had sneaked into his residence around 2am. The miscreants, enraged by Bhutada's protest, repeatedly attacked him with sharp weapons. Bhutada, who collapsed soon after the attack, received injuries on head, chest, foot and back. Pramila too was injured when she rushed to help her husband. The helpless couple's daughters - Unnati (13) and Nikita (9) - too were also seriously injured when they came forward to confront the intruders. Unnati also raised an alarm but the burglars were quick to flee the house with the bag containing the cash. The mother and the two girls were rushed to Nagpur for medical attention.According to a neighbour, superintendent of police Avinash Kumar reached the spot within half an hour of the incident. Sniffer dogs searched the area for around 15 kms but could not pick up any clue regarding the burglars. Deoli police station sources said that five people, who are new to the village, have been rounded up for questioning. Sanjay Fartade, a neighbour, who is attending to the family, informed that doctors have stated that Pramila and her daughters are out of danger. It is learnt, Bhutada's son Karan, (15) was in Buldhana when the incident occurred. He returned to Waigaon on Thursday morning.SP Avinash Kumar said that the case was being probed. \"We cannot disclose anything at this stage,\" he said. Chandubhai Thakkar, a fertilizer retailer, told TOI, \"It's a shocking incident. We too are in fear now. The business community is not safe anymore.\" Arun Kashikar, president of Wardha Merchant Association, informed that the market would be closed on Saturday to protest the trader's murder. Businessman Varun Pandey said, \"Robbers are increasingly targeting businessman over the past 6 months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17610242", "title": "Granite scam: MK Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi surrenders before Madurai court", "text": "MADURAI: After being on the run for four months in an alleged illegal granite quarrying scam, Union Minister M K Alagiri's son Durai Dayanidhi surrendered before a court at nearby Melur today, four days after he was granted anticipatory bail by the High Court.Accompanied by a battery of advocates and DMK workers, he paid a personal security of Rs 10,000, while two persons stood as personal surety, at the court of Judicial Magistrate Jaykumar.The court directed him to appear daily from tomorrow until further orders before Keezhavalavur Police station near Melur, which had registerd cases against him under various IPC sections, including 120(b) (criminal conspiracy), 447 (criminal trespass) and 420 (cheating), for allegedly quarrying illegally on government land.Dayanidhi and 14 others got bail in the multicrore granite quarrying scam, in which owners of various granite firms, including Olympus Granites in which he is a partner, had been named as accused.The scam came to light when former Madurai Collector U Sagayam held an inquiry and submitted a report to the government, stating that illegal quarrying had cost the exchequer a loss of over Rs 16,000 crore.Cases were registered based on complaints from Village administrative officers (VAOs) of Melur and keezhavalavu stations.The VAOs had accused Dayanidhi and another partner Nagarajan of encroaching on land adjacent to the permitted area and causing loss of Rs 440 crore.On December 10, the Madurai Bench of Madras High Court had quashed a non-bailable arrest warrant issued by a lower court against Dayanidhi and granted him anticipatory bail.Police had formed a special team to look out for Dayanidhi and alerted immigration authorities to help them in preventing him and other accused from leaving the country.Various other granite firms also have faced the heat of the Government crackdown following the findings by Sagayam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17609882", "title": "For Vodafone, what next after Zoozoos and loyal pug", "text": "MUMBAI: From the loyal pug to the playful Zoozoos, mobile services firm Vodafone has used unique characters to imprint its brand on consumers' minds. For 38-year old Anuradha Aggarwal, who is rather vividly designated senior vice president, brand communications and insights, the challenge is to look for the next big idea.A lifer with Hindustan Unilever (she worked in personal &amp; hair care and revitalised a floundering salon chain), Aggarwal is using some FMCG learnings to keep brand Vodafone relevant. In a market in which services are becoming hard to distinguish from one player to the next, she has launched initiatives to make her brand stand out. \"Vodafone is entering its FMCG phase of growth and it needs to find ways to stand out,\" the IIM Bangalore alum says.Since April 2010, Aggarwal, a trained vocalist, has helped Vodafone find a new note by lending unique insights to the firm's marketing strategy. Aggarwal has a keen sense of shifting consumer sentiment and is able to nimbly alter her marketing strategy to keep pace. \"She was able to see the mobile services market shift from pure voice to data and focus on providing fresh value to the consumer with smaller recharges and customised plans,\" says Piyush Pandey, executive chairman and national creative director for O&M; India.Despite the turbulent market, Aggarwal has managed to stay focussed. \"The industry is saturated and mobile services firms need to look ahead,\" she says. According to Pandey, Aggarwal has been successful because she's a democratic marketer, willing to listen to ideas from her colleagues and lean on inputs from her partners.While Vodafone can take credit for the concept of the chota (small) recharge - for as little as Rs 20 - Aggarwal has taken this one step further. The concept of a \"bonus sachet\" has allowed subscribers to top up their prepaid plans with just Rs 4 and not have to pay any higher calling charges. Users can therefore continue to make calls for as little as 20 paise, a privilege previously reserved for bigger recharges.She's launched the Vodafone Delights campaign to boost subscriber retention and the 121 campaign to give subscribers a bespoke usage plan rather than a one-size-fits-all, which is the industry norm. The result: for 10 straight quarters, the firm has topped the Net Promoter Score, a third-party customer rating of all mobile services providers.Marketing experts agree that in this time of churn, brands such as Vodafone have to work doubly hard to make sure they stay afloat.\"Brands have to keep abreast with what the consumer is commanding and demanding,\" says Harish Bijoor, a marketing consultant in Bangalore.\"Vodafone has managed to stay ahead of everyone else and often ahead of consumers themselves on this count.\"Aggarwal has not been afraid to cull a losing cause. The telecom operator may have helped Blackberry with its catchy 'We're the Blackberry Boys' campaign, but has been equally quick to pull the plug as the smartphone maker's fortunes have waned. Personally too, she's not afraid of letting go of seeming holy cows - like jettisoning her iPhone for a Samsung Galaxy SIII - and penning a poem called 'My Apple Is A Lemon' to put words to her angst.Even as she gets used to life after Apple, she's already thinking ahead of ways to keep Vodafone relevant in an ever-evolving market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606280", "title": "Woman, paramour held for husband's murder", "text": "PUNE: The Chakan police on Wednesday arrested a 23-year-old woman and her paramour for allegedly bludgeoning the woman's husband to death and later setting the body on fire. All the three worked as labourers in a company at Chakan and the incident took place on December 7 at Lendghar vasti in the area, where all of them lived.The deceased was identified as Santosh Jadhav (33). Santosh's wife Shilpa and Shankar Bhanudas Nagre (21), who originally hails from Sangamner in Ahmednagar district, have been arrested by the Chakan police under sections 302 (murder) and 201 (destruction of evidence) of the Indian Penal Code.S P Yede, sub-inspector at the Chakan police station, said a man's burnt body was found at a farm near Lendghar vasti on December 7. \"Except the face, which was covered with a woollen cap, the body was totally burnt. Also, the mouth was covered with a piece of cloth,\" Yede said. Since nothing was found around the body to identify the person, we started inquiring in the chawls at Lendghar vasti regarding missing persons, Yede added.During the inquiry, if was found that a person living in Nagre's house was not seen for some time. When the police questioned Nagre, he told them that Santosh was his friend and that he was staying in his house. Nagre claimed that Santosh had gone to his native place in Junnar taluka for holidays. \"Initially, we believed him, but later we came to know that Santosh and Nagre used to quarrel with each other often,\" Yede said.The police again went to Nagre's house and took the address of Santosh's house in Junnar. \"When we contacted his parents, they told us that Santosh had not come to Junnar. We got suspected and told them to come to Pune, where Santosh's body was kept,\" Yede said.Santosh's parents confirmed that it was their son's body. \"Nagre was summoned again and during sustained interrogation, he admitted to having murdered Santosh along with Shilpa,\" Yede said.Investigations revealed that Santosh, Shilpa and Nagre used to work as labourers in a company at the Chakan MIDC. \"Santosh used to often quarrel with Shilpa and Nagre as he had an inkling that both of them had an affair,\" Yede said.Yede said Santosh and Shilpa had been staying separately for the last two months. Santosh had shifted to Nagre's room, while Shilpa was staying alone. \"On December 6, Santosh had gone to Shilpa's room, where they had a fight. Later, he returned to Nagre's house. In the wee hours of December 7, Shilpa came to Nagre's house and on seeing her there, Santosh again started quarrelling with her. A furious Shilpa then hit Santosh with a wooden stick on his head. When he became unconscious, Shilpa and Nagre thrashed him several times. They gagged him with a piece of cloth and dragged his body to the farm where they set him afire,\" Yede said. They were produced before a local court which sent them to police custody till December 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607058", "title": "Bank staff strike on December 20", "text": "INDORE: On the call given by all India Bank Employees Association (AIBEA) and Bank Employees Federation of India ( BEFI), nearly six lakh bank employees from all across the country are likely to participate in a nationwide bank strike on 20 December in protest against the Banking Amendment Bill.The Bill is being protested for the past couple of years.Once the Bill becomes effective, the banking sector of the country was apprehended to go to the hands of the foreign companies and private sector firms, said general secretary, MP Bank Employees Association, VK Sharma. Nearly 20,000 bank staff from across the state are likely to attend the strike, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17607542", "title": "Dalit teacher denied housing, HC steps in", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has taken suo motu cognizance of the scourge of untouchability because of which a female teacher from the dalit community was denied residence in Kutch . The local residents' prejudice and the government's apathy forced her to quit her job.Jetal Rushi from Bharuch was appointed as Vidhya Sahayak in Gelda village near Bhuj. But since she belonged to the Valmiki community, villagers in and around Gelda refused to give her accommodation. The girl made a representation to the state government and requested that she be transferred to another place.Since the government did not respond, Jetal resigned and went back to Bharuch. Perturbed by the girl's agony, her grandfather wrote a letter to the high court narrating how the girl was forced to give up her job. He complained that the girl was posted in a village where she could not secure help from any government office because none existed there. A bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala filed a public interest litigation on its own on perusal of the letter. Advocate Hemang Shah, who is part of this proceeding, said that the Article 17 of the Constitution provides for the eradication of the practice of untouchability and denying residence to a member of the Valmiki community \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is in the profession of scavenging \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was nothing but violation of the constitutional provision.Shah said that in 2008, a PIL was filed on the problems faced by the Valmiki community \u00e2\u20ac\u201d people do not allow them to live in their vicinity.The state government then took a stand that it would give priority to the community in providing housing facilities and a resolution too was passed. The high court has sought explanation from home secretary, director of primary education and the secretary of social justice and empowerment department asking them to file answers by December 27.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606438", "title": "Off-season rain hits paddy crop", "text": "RANCHI: The sudden unseasonal rain that shot uo humidity and pushed both day and night temperatures a few degrees above normal since Tuesday has lead to conditions congenial for viral and bacterial growth affecting human population and crops as well. The situation has prompted agro met experts of the state to issue advisory. While the untimely rain has affected piled up paddy stocks in Gumla and Khunti, the Rabi crops comprising mainly vegetables, have been affected in several southern districts of Jharkhand.The minimum temperature in Ranchi and Jamshedpur has been around 4-6 degrees above normal in the past few days. On Thursday Ranchi recorded 14.4 degrees which is four degrees above normal, while Jamshedpur recorded 17.7 degrees which is six degrees above normal. The maximum temperature recorded in the two cities have also been two degrees above normal - Ranchi recording 25.4 and Jamshedpur 28.2 degrees.Regional director of India meteorological department (Ranchi centre) GK Mohanty said the western disturbance has resulted in the sudden change in weather. \"There has been some impediment in the wind flow pattern as a result of which moisture has been locked up causing rains at isolated places,\" he said. The IMD observatories on Thursday did not record rainfall anywhere but satellite imagery and local phenomena indicated that rain-like conditions would prevail during the next 48 hours.It may be noted here that the freak weather pattern resulting into an expected increase in the temperature and vanishing spells of sunshine has considerably affected the agriculture condition in the state.With the weather continuing to be overcast, the city-based metrological centre in collaboration with Birsa Agricultural University issued a bulletin for farmers. Through the bulletin the agro experts have advised farmers to utilize the maximum moisture of the soil and sow different rabi crops like gram, lentil, linseed, mustard, potato pea and likes. Similarly, planting transplant vegetables with suitable seeding like cauliflower, cabbage, tomato, brinjal, carrot, turnip and spinach is also advisable under the present weather condition, the bulletin stated", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17606350", "title": "'End destructive tendencies of Congmen'", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar chose the occasion of his birthday celebrations at Margao to hit out at his opponents even as he urged people to \"crush the destructive tendencies\" of some Congress politicians.\"The Congress spent 250 crore in the elections and much of it was doled out to the people. Despite this, Goans showed them their place by booting them out. Else, we would not have had seen the back of Churchill (Alemao) and family. But make sure they don't raise their heads again. Be it Churchill or Vishwajit Rane, such tendencies should be completely crushed as this type of tendencies cause the fabric of society to rot,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar also launched a broadside against the Curtorim MLA and Congress spokesperson, Alexio Reginald Lourenco. \"I would only say to him, first accept the guilt (of your party)...and if your party is made up of scoundrels, first quit the party,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar also came down heavily on Claude Alvares of the Goa Foundation, the petitioner in the illegal mining case in the Supreme Court, and raised questions over the source of his funding for fighting the case in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606100", "title": "PMO makes Montek Singh Ahluwalia, wife's assets public", "text": "NEW DELHI: Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and his wife own assets worth Rs 3.85 crore and two properties in Greater Kailash and Noida. Data accessed through RTI also showed that he has an outstanding loan of Rs 1.5 crore.The information was given by the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) in response to an RTI filed by activist S C Agrawal, who had earlier asked for details of assets and liabilities of the Union Council of ministers that were disclosed. The PMO made Ahluwalia's financial details public after taking his permission.Ahluwalia's financial assets net of liabilities as of March 31, 2012, are Rs 3,85,82,450. He has a loan of Rs 1.5 crore from Syndicate Bank for purchase of a house worth Rs 7.1 crore in Greater Kailash. Ahluwalia purchased the 500-square yard house in 2006, and his wife has a 60% share in it.The 69-year old economist has a plot in Noida which he obtained through Greenwoods Government Officers' Welfare Society of which he is a member. The plot, along with construction of one room, had incurred an expense of around Rs 25 lakh.All the property and the bank accounts stated in the RTI reply are jointly held by Ahluwalia and his wife Isher J Ahluwalia, who is an independent income-earner, the reply said.He also has an apartment constructed in 2001 at a cost of around Rs 30 lakh, on first and second floor in Panchsheel Enclave here, on an existing single-storey house which, along with the plot, is owned by his mother, it said.According to the RTI reply, Ahluwalia has five bank accounts, including one in the US, with a cumulative balance of more than Rs 1.43 crore. He has also invested Rs 3,33,58,817 in Indian mutual funds and Rs 58,49,360 in Fidelity Investment, Washington, DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607343", "title": "Dharmana\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s presence at review meeting gets tongues wagging", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The presence of former minister and Srikakulam MLA Dharmana Prasada Rao at a review meeting held on Thursday to check on the preparations for chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's three-day tour to the district as part of Indiramma Baata programme, has raised many eyebrows.The Circuit House, where the meeting was held, was abuzz about the capacity in which he was attending the meeting. Dharmana, who has been listed as accused number 5 in the Vanpic land case, had earlier resigned from the post of minister for roads and building. Though his resignation was not accepted by the chief minister, Dharmana has not been attending to his ministerial duties.What created a flutter at the review meeting was when both tribal welfare minister P Balaraju and ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivas Rao addressed him as in-charge minister. When mediapersons quizzed him, Dharmana said, \"My stand is clear and there is no change. I am continuing as MLA, but the government and other ministers still consider me to be a minister. The government has not withdrawn the protocol. I am not taking any decision in the capacity of roads and buildings minister. I am here just to share my experiences in conducting Indiaramma Baata programme, which we conducted with success in Srikakulam earlier.\"At one point in the meeting, when Dharmana became restless over the continuous queries about his status, Balaraju and Ganta Srinivasa Rao had to come to his rescue. Ganta pointed out that he (Dharmana) was the in-charge minister of the district and he was at the meeting in that capacity. Ganta also confirmed that the CM's tour would begin from December 17 and there would not be any change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606758", "title": "Court stays contempt action against lawyer", "text": "CHENNAI: A division bench of the Madras high court has stayed the contempt of court proceedings initiated by a single judge against a designated senior lawyer, on Thursday.The bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan, posting senior counsel Chitra Sampath's appeal against the notice to December 17 for further hearing, stayed its operation till then.It all started with an order of interim injunction granted by Justice Vinod Kumar Sharma, restraining a city-based builder KGYES from handing over or creating any further encumbrance on a property developed by him at Kalakshetra Colony near Tiruvanmiyur. He had adjourned the matter to December 13 for further hearing. On Tuesday, after the judge declined to advance the date of hearing, an argument broke out during which the senior advocate allegedly remarked that the court was doing injustice to litigants.After the judge slapped a contempt notice on her, the Bar protested and resolved to boycott his court alone for a day as token protest.On Thursday, while the bench stayed a particular paragraph in the contempt notice, Justice Sharma himself referred the civil suit over the Kalakshetra Colony property to another bench for hearing.Similarly, when an original side appeal against the order of injunction came up before another division bench, the bench recused itself from hearing the case. Stating that the parties were known to a member of the bench, the bench referred the matter to be heard by a different bench.A 1.31-acre plot of land at Kalakshetra Colony is in the centre of the legal battle, with a person claiming to be owner and possessing patta too, filing a suit and obtaining an interim order against a builder, who says the applicant had no genuine land documents. At stake is nearly 100 apartments built on the property and sold to several buyers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607738", "title": "Grievances meet across district", "text": "MYSORE: Lokayukta will hear grievances from public in Mysore district for five days from December 17.Complaint applications with affidavit from a notary will be accepted at the grievances meet. People can complain against delay in work by government officials, demand for bribe, and other problems.Taluk-level officers will have to give information about the pending works in their departments when the Lokayukta officials visit their taluks, said a release. Lokayukta officials have asked the district administration, ZP CEO and the heads of other departments to segregate the applications.Venues of grievance sessions: Chamundi PWD guest house (Mysore) on December 17; PWD guest house (Hunsur) on December 18; PWD guest house (KR Nagar) on December 19; taluk office premises (Nanjangud) on December 20; PWD guest house (Piriyapatna) on December 21; and at PWD guest houses (HD Kote and T Narasipura) on December 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606614", "title": "Mamata defends cops on Salt Lake violence", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday stood by the men-in-khaki in the aftermath of the mob violence during an I-League match at the Salt Lake stadium last Sunday, which left a footballer injured.\"Every time something happens, fingers (of accusation) are pointed at the police. They were blamed for a fracas in the stadium even if more than a lakh spectators were present. What do you expect, a lakh policemen for each and every person?\" the chief minister said at the Kolkata Police felicitation ceremony at the Science City auditorium.\"Whenever there is a trouble, people ask what were the police doing? What will police do?\" said Mamata, referring to Salt Lake police commissioner Rajiv Kumar and his team for their role during the Salt Lake stadium trouble. \"No particular club is bad. Rajiv was injured that day, but risked his life and still got on with his duty,\" she said.\"Time is changing and with this crime pattern too is changing. These days there are different kinds of crimes. On one hand you have petty crimes and on the other you have someone beheading someone.Police must play different roles. This is a crucial hour. Something is posted on the YouTube and there is a communal unrest,\" the chief minister added.According to her, the strength of the police compared to the 10 crore population of the state is abysmally low. \"It is not possible for the police to provide security to each and every house.\"The marquee I-League match between East Bengal and Mohun Bagan had to be called off on Sunday after the mob went berserk, injuring Bagan player Syed Rahim Nabi. Questions were raised about the stadium's security as heaps of wine bottles, chunks of concrete and pieces of bricks were found.The chief minister, however, chose to defend her police force: \"You can't blame the police for everything that goes wrong. Criticism sometimes helps, but a word of praise is always a good motivation.\" She said, adding that at least 2,000 tourists who had come to Kolkata during the Pujas praised our police for the commendable job they did while controlling the crowd. \"A traffic police has to stand under the sun for hours, but there is no sympathy. The police are overtaxed.\"She called for training and better infrastructure for the force. \"There is no money. But we are doing our best. Around 40,000 people are being inducted,\" she said, taking on the UPA-II for depriving Bengal and the Left Front for leaving the present government in a financial mess. \"Had I got 10% of what the other states are getting, I would have worked wonders. There is no money to build roads. Still, I have done enough and will do so for the next three-and-a-half years. Nobody says our GDP growth and tax collection are the highest in the country,\" she said.She also said: \"I have finished 99% of our job. Compare my manifesto. A political party is talking too much in just one year. There was no money to buy horses for mounted police. Funds shortage also hit purchase of vehicles, uniforms and making training arrangements for the police. We can do much more when we get the money.\" Taking a dig at the media, she said, \"When the Tehatta policeman was transferred they cooked up some story. You (the media) have a management who transfers people according to its policy. So do we. Don't cross the Lakhsman Rekha , then you will be at the mercy of Raavan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "17606972", "title": "26 Maoists surrender at Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Altogether 26 Maoists surrendered before the additional director general of police (ADGP), Muzaffarpur zone, Gupteshwar Pandey, at Zila School campus here on Thursday afternoon under dramatic circumstances. The Maoists made their entry in a queue into the specially erected pandal where a \"Talent Hunt\" competition organized by the zonal police was already in progress since the forenoon.The ADGP announced that the weapons of every Maoist had been already deposited at the police station so that the children participating at the competition did not get scared on seeing firearms like rifles, revolvers, pipe guns, pistols and ammunition. Twenty of the Maoists were from Muzaffarpur district, three from Darbhanga, two from Sitamarhi and one from East Champaran, but surprisingly none from Sheohar district which is said to be completely in the grip of the Maoists for over a decade.The Maoists were greeted with garlands by police officers. The ADGP himself shouted the slogan \"Surrender karnewale sabhi Naxali bhaiyon ki jai\". While one of the former area commanders of the CPI(Maoist), Lalanji, who had led the surrender of 23 Maoists here in March, 2011, assured the public that more than 100 Maoists would be motivated to surrender, one Bhulan Paswan from Darbhanga, who surrendered on Thursday, assured that all the Maoists of north Bihar would lay down their arms soon. The most striking feature of the story was that only five of the surrendered Maoists were facing Section 17 of the CL Act, which is essential for the grant of rehabilitation fund from the Central government. They are from Katra PS area of Muzaffarpur district.Moreover, it was also not for sure whether all the surrendered Maoists would be sent to jail or not. Whereas the ADGP informed that all those wanted in non-bailable crimes would be sent to jail, a majority of surrendered Maoists told the mediapersons that they were returning home. The Town police station also informed that they are going to their respective homes.Twenty three Maoists surrendered in Muzaffarpur on March 4, 2012, but none of them have been rehabilitated except for the payment of Rs 10,000, the price of the surrendered rifles.One such Maoist, Ganesh from Sitamarhi, told TOI on Thursday that he was repenting his surrender. He was no longer in a position of bearing the cost of the court cases as well as the expenses of his family. If the government fails to rehabilitate him, he may think of returning to his previous life, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606254", "title": "Complete rural drinking water programme at the earliest: APC", "text": "LUCKNOW: The agriculture production commissioner, Alok Ranjan has asked officials to complete the national rural drinking water programme on a priority basis. He expressed concern at the depleting drinking water level in the state and asked for taking up comprehensive measures to stabilise the drinking water sources in 108 development blocks where situation is worse. He also asked to follow the modern techniques adopted by other states for conservation of drinking water. The Jal Nigam has been directed to complete 165 piped drinking water schemes, which are under-construction, in state.APC was reviewing the national rural drinking water schemes in the state for 2012-13. The Jal Nigam will have to speed up work on 1,042 rural drinking water schemes, which are underway, so that villagers can get clean drinking water. He also said that two persons should be trained in testing the quality of drinking water sources using a test kit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605625", "title": "Well begun is half done for debutant Ravindra Jadeja", "text": "NAGPUR: Ravindra Jadeja claimed his spot for the fourth Test on the back of two triple hundreds and 24 wickets in the Ranji Trophy this season.The Saurashtra all-rounder picked up two England wickets on Thursday. But well begun is half done for Jadeja, who has to vindicate his selection with a strong batting performance too.Jadeja, who has shown the spunk with some marathon innings in domestic cricket, admitted how difficult it is to sustain oneself in Tests.\"There is a big difference between Test cricket and Ranji Trophy, which I experienced on the field today. In Ranji Trophy, the wickets are result-oriented and it either helps the fast bowlers or spinners. But today's wicket was flat because it was not helping anyone. The quality of batting is also high in Test cricket as compared to Ranji Trophy,\" Jadeja said.Jadeja picked up the important wickets of Jonathan Trott and Kevin Pietersen. The conditions helped his left-arm spin.\"A lot has happened in my life in the last one week and I hope the good time continues. It was a special feeling to get my Test cap from (Sachin) Tendulkar, who also presented me my ODI cap,\" Jadeja said.He defended the idea of playing four spinners and believed the wicket would take turn later on in the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17607642", "title": "ONGC wary of Salgaocar backlash", "text": "PANAJI: It's a throwback to last season when matches in hot, humid and sweltering conditions was a rule rather than an exception.Salgaocar Football Club will return to day matches for the first time this season and possibly hope they will see the light of day when they battle for pride and points against bottom-placed ONGC at the Nehru Stadium in Fatorda on Friday, 4 pm.Salgaocar have had a rickety start to the competition. Just one win from 10 matches, change in coach, exit of players and the sword hanging over the head of a couple of others, it's not been vintage Salgaocar. Not for the moment at least, but as rival ONGC coach Subrata Bhattacharya affirms, \"it's Salgaocar after all.\"\"There are no more dangerous names than Salgaocar in Goan football. They are a big side and I guess this drop in form is only temporary. I just hope they do not take out all their frustrations on us,\" said Subrata, formerly coach of Vasco Sports Club.Salgaocar technical director Peter Valles also admits that the team is \"not as bad as it is being made out to be, or what the standings reflect.\"The standings show that Salgaocar is in the relegation zone and they are only tied on points with ONGC at the bottom of the pool. But, on the evidence of some performances -- particularly against like East Bengal, Dempo and Churchill -- Salgaocar were as good, sometimes even better than the heavyweights, all of whom are placed among the top-three.On Friday, it will be another nervous 90 minutes for Salgaocar as coach David Booth will have to do without his captain Luciano Sobroza and midfielder Anthony D'S ouza while Francis Fernandes can, at best, hope for a second half role. ONGC are crumbling under the weight of their own problems as players - ostensibly staffers-take leave and pack their bags for home. Then there are injured players, replacements for which are also hard to come by.Salgaocar may sign JosimarPANAJI: Salgaocar Football Club may add to their striking arsenal with the signing of Brazilian Josimar da Silva Martins.According to sources at the club, the Brazilian striker - who donned colours for Prayag United till last year - is expected to reach Goa on Monday.\"We will have to assess his fitness and see whether he is still the lethal striker that we saw last season. A final decision to sign him will be taken only after he arrives here,\" said a senior Salgaocar official.Should Josimar get the go-ahead from coach David Booth, Salgaocar will have to release one of their foreign players. The axe could fall on either Filpino striker Angel Guirado or Namibia midfielder Quinton Jacobs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606283", "title": "Workers union oppose PMPML's decision to appoint private contract plancompany", "text": "PUNE: PMT Kamgar Sangh, workers union under PMPML, has opposed the management's decision to appoint a private company for the operation and maintenance of 200 buses.The workers union said that the decision to appoint a private company for operation and maintenance of its buses,is not in PMPML's interest.Earlier, PMPML had appointed private agencies which operated their own buses, which were taken on lease at rates ranging from Rs 18 to Rs 31 per km. Now, CNG run buses, procured by PMPML are to be handed over to a private company for operation and maintenance. The workers said this decision was wrong and not beneficial for PMPML.General secretary of the union AN Anpur and president Rajendra Kharade said in a letter sent to the PMPML management that as per the norms of Central Institute of Road Transport, there should be 25% private operation of buses. PMPML already has 25% private buses operating. Of the total 1550 buses PMPML has, 350 have been taken on lease from private firms.Anpur added that the workers union was not given any details about the terms and conditions of operation and maintenance of the new buses, .The union further stated that 75% of the new buses are to be run by PMPML employees, but they are unaware about the technology placed in the new buses. The union has demanded that the bus manufacturingcompanies, from which the buses were purchased, should be asked to conduct training programmes at all depots for PMPML employees.PMPML officials have confirmed about the proposal for appointing a private company for operation and maintenance of buses. Around 200 buses are to be handed over to the company for operation and maintenance. Justifying the proposal, the officials said that maintenance of buses needs proper infrastructure. The rates at which the buses are to be given for maintenance and operation are also very competitive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17609359", "title": "Vikram's David trailer launched", "text": "The trailer launch and press meet of Bejoy Namdiar's David took place at a star hotel in Chennai. Director Bejoy Nambiar has released the trailer and the first look posters of the Vikram starrer David. Both the Tamil and Hindi trailers hav been released online on youtube. According to the director, it would ensure that the film reaches out to the youth on whom David is aimed.The story of 'David' revolves around the lives of 2 David's in 2 different parts of the country in 2 different eras. Both of them are about to take a step which is going to change their lives forever. It is a multiple genre film with liberal doses of action, drama, romance and comedy.The film releases in cinemas on 1st February, 2013. David is being made in three languages - Tamil, Telugu and Hindi and Vikram plays the lead role in all the languages while Jiiva would be seen in the Tamil and Telugu versions.The lead cast of Tamil version Vikram, Jiiva and Nassar were present along with Sharada Trilok of Getaway films. David has Tabu, Isha Sharvani , John Vijay, Lara Dutta and Sheetal Menon also in the cast and the camera by Ratnavelu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17607587", "title": "China, Japan in air duel over disputed isles", "text": "BEIJING: A day after China's top leader Xi Jinping asked the People's Liberation Army to intensify its \"real combat\" awareness and \"military readiness\" in view of its tension with Japan over disputed islands, Japan on Thursday scrambled eight of its F-15 fighters to counter any possible threat from a Chinese aircraft that flew in close to Japan-controlled Diaoyu island. The move alarmed Washington and several other capitals. The day also happened to be the 75th anniversary of the Nanjing massacre by Japanese soldiers, and the Chinese government aircraft flying close to the disputed island was seen in Tokyo as a violation of Japan's airspace. This is the first military move by China after Xi Jinping recently took the post of the Central Military Commission.Analysts said the fact that the Chinese aircraft flew in towards Japanese waters just days ahead of general election in Japan reflected Beijing's worry that the vocally anti-China leader Shinzo Abe might get elected as the next PM.Japan described China's action as \"highly deplorable\" . The Chinese ambassador in Tokyo was also summoned to hear a formal Japanese protest . But the Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said the action was \"completely normal\" because the area belonged to China.\"The Diaoyu islands and affiliated islands are part of China's inherent territory,\" he said. \"The Chinese side calls on Japan to halt all entries into water and airspace around the islands,\" Hong said. The action may have future implications for China's neighbours including India because Beijing might flex muscles in areas of South China Sea, which is being disputed between China, Vietnam and the Philippines . Beijing insists that India withdraw from oil exploration in the disputed area of South China Sea.Japan is already under strain after the satellite on Wednesday by North Korea, which has been antagonistic towards Tokyo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607793", "title": "Experts and mathematicians discuss Ramanujan's works", "text": "MYSORE: Research scholars and experts in mathematics have converged at University of Mysore to discuss the works of Indian mathematician Srinivasa Ramanujan at the three-day international conference which began here on Wednesday.The government has declared December 22, the birth anniversary of Ramanujan, as National Mathematics Day and 2012 as Mathematical Year. Held as part the anniversary, the seminar will throw light on the mathematician's works.The conference, which has brought eminent mathematicians researching on the works of Ramanujan and related topics, aims at offering research aspirants an opportunity to know the developments in the field.Talks and lectures and presentation of research papers have also been lined up.Mathematicians from the US, Australia, New Zealand, Austria, China, and parts of India will participate in conference sponsored by national board for higher mathematics, department of science and technology and Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, at the department of mathematics.At the inaugural, former head of mathematics department, retired professor S Bhargava, said there will be different dimension each time Ramanujan's works are discussed. Department head D D Somashekar and professor Chandrashekar Adiga were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610175", "title": "Dailies don't interest me anymore: Pooja Ghai", "text": "Actress Pooja Ghai, who worked in TV shows like \" Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi\", \" Kutumb\" and \" Kabhi Aaye Na Judai\", says working in daily soaps no longer interests her, but she is open to reality shows.It has been a while since she was seen on the small screen, but she says viewers can expect to watch her soon.\"I think once an actor , always an actor. So, I am definitely going to take more offers in future. I would not like to divulge the details right now, but I am looking at reality shows now as they are quick to shoot. I do get lot of offers, but a serial is not something I am interested in,\" Pooja told IANS.The actress was also seen a small role in \"I Hate Luv Storys\". She says doing a TV show full-time doesn't fit her bill at the moment.\"Daily soaps require a lot of time, so I don't want to get into that scenario as I am running my wedding planning business also,\" added the actress.She is also busy working on her first wedding exhibition under her company Tranquiil Wedding Fair, here. The three-day exposition will begin Dec 21 at the Grand Hotel.\"Tranquiil is a name in the industry known for conceptualizing the finest events and exhibitions. The platform will give customers a chance to choose from bridal wear, jewellery, wedding venues, gift supplies, floral services, beauty salons, invitation card designers, sound and light decorators, photography and even hair stylists,\" she said.Apart from her professional life, Pooja is also busy bringing up her 11-year-old son Raaj, who has already started showing his inclination towards acting.\"I am 200 percent sure that he is going to be an actor. He recently performed on stage and got compliments from everyone. So, whether fortunately or unfortunately, he is getting into acting . He is so inclined to Bollywood,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "karachi", "code": "17608982", "title": "Sports psychologist to accompany Pakistan team to India, SA", "text": "KARACHI: The Pakistan Cricket Board is leaving no stone unturned in its efforts to ensure that the national team produces successful results in India and South Africa.The chairman of the board, Zaka Ashraf said yesterday that they will be sending a sports psychologist with the team to India.\"Dr Maqbool Babri has been working with some of our players in recent times and he will also go with the team to India which is going to be a high pressure tour,\" Ashraf said.He said that the idea behind sending a sports psychologist was to keep the players focused and help them cope with the pressures of playing a bilateral series in India after such a long time.Pakistan go to India on Dec 22 to play two T20 matches and three ODIs -- the first bilateral series between the two countries since 2007.They also tour South Africa in January next year for a full Test and One-day series.The PCB chief pointed out that Babri's presence should help the youngsters selected in the T20 and ODI squads during the Indian tour.Babri has held counselling sessions with Mohammad Aamir, who is serving a five-year ban for spot fixing, and some other players like Zulqarnain Haider , Ahmed Shahzad and Umar Akmal who have had behavioural problems in the past.Ashraf also announced that Pakistan's former captain, Inzamam-ul-Haq will be working with the players as batting consultant in the week-long conditioning camp, which will be set up in Lahore for the Indian tour.\"We wanted Inzamam to accompany the team to India but he has prior commitments with some media outlets for the series,\" another board official said.He indicated that Inzamam might probably accompany the team to South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17606661", "title": "Maoists making inroads into tea garden areas", "text": "GUWAHATI: Senior Congress tea tribe leaders are going to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, home minister and Sonia Gandhi later this month and seek their help in checking inroads of Maoists into tea gardens.Parliamentary secretary for labour and employment and Congress legislator Raju Sahu said, \"Inhabited by people of the tea tribe community, tea garden areas in the state have become fertile grounds for growth of Maoists. If we cannot stop this right now, we would soon reach a point of no return.\"Sahu added, \"The Maoists have already made preliminary ground work in tea gardens. It is not easy to distinguish between an adivasi of Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand or West Bengal and one from the state. They all have same features. So, it is hard to identify them.\"Reecently, police assessed that in the run-up to the panchayat election, scheduled for January, Maoists activities have grown in tea garden areas. The Maoists are also likely to put up their candidates drawn from surrounded Adivasi militants in the rural polls.Sahu said a 15-member delegation of the Indian National Trade Union Congress forum would go to New Delhi and apprise the central leaders of the problem. \"We will meet them before December 20. We held a meeting on December 12 and took this resolution ,\" said Sahu, who is the convener of the forum.\"For 10 years, tea tribe youths have not been absorbed in government jobs. The government has been appointing people on merit, which is good but tea tribe youths have not able to compete in the absence of job quota. We are still a deprived lot and this makes the youths gullible to Maoists. We want job quota for the tea tribe youths.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607149", "title": "Tipplers to pay more for liquor", "text": "PATNA: With the Board of Revenue hiking the license fee for selling liquor in the state, tipplers and occasional drinkers would have to cough up more. Liquor brewers will also have to pay higher taxes.According to the new notification issued by the state government, five-star hotels would have to pay Rs 20 lakh, while four-star and three-star hotels would have to pay Rs 18 lakh per annum as their license fees for sale of liquor at their premises. Hotels located within a radius of 10km of any municipal corporation would have to pay Rs 16 lakh while hotels falling under a Nagar Parishad area would be required to pay Rs 12 lakh as license fees. A sum of Rs 10 lakh would be payable by hotels falling under a Nagar Panchayat area.Clubs and canteens selling foreign liquor and beer manufactured in India would have to pay Rs 6 lakh and Rs 3 lakh, respectively. For canteen license, the fees shall be charged only if it is run held by a contractor under the canteen tenant system. These license fees are payable in full even if the license is granted in the middle of the financial year.The license fee hike for hotels, clubs and canteens works out to up to three-fold increase. The license fee for liquor shops has been increased by 50%.The notification said India-made beer may be imported at any place of Bihar provided import pass fee at the rate of Rs 4 per bottle (650ml) has been levied on it. India made beer can be exported from Bihar to any other state of the country only after realizing export pass fee at the rate of Rs 2 per bottle (650ml).The licensees of brewers have to clearly mention in their applications for registration or annual renewal of license the total quantity of consumption estimated in that year for the brand applied. In case of consumption during the year being higher, the licensees will have to pay the higher slab of registration and renewal fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610059", "title": "Kamal predicts 150 crores for Vishwaroopam", "text": "Kamal Hassan's magnum opus 'Vishwaroopam' is slated for January 11th release while the audio got released in three cities on December 7th and has got good reviews for the music. As planned Kamal will be releasing his latest flick Viswaroopam on DTH eight hours prior to the release of the movie in cinemas.This film will be available on DTH at the price of 1000 rupees per connection. Having produced film at the whopping budget of 95Crores, Kamal Hassan is predicting that the film's collection will touch the graph of 150Crores mark.Vishwaroopam has already been censored with an UA certificate. Produced by Kamal in association with PVP Cinema, ' Viswaroopam' is directed by Kamal himself, who has played the lead role. Music is by Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, while Pooja Kumar and Andrea Jeremiah are the heroines.Kamal is planning to release the movie in Tamil Nadu across 400 screens and 2000 screens across the globe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607239", "title": "Two arrested for selling fake coins", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Civil Lines police on Thursday arrested two persons for selling fake gold and silver coins to gullible buyers after showing them original coins as sample. The police nabbed Kishan Rai and his brother Shyam Rai, both residents of Manaknagar in Lucknow, after the two were planning to cheat a local trader by handing him fake gold and silver coins in the name of genuine ones.The duo had been involved in selling fake gold and silver coins to gullible buyers with whom they used to strike deal after contacting them on phone and showing them original gold and silver coin as sample.Once the two struck a deal with a buyer they handed over fake gold and silver plated coins and escaped with the money taken from the victim. On Thursday, they contacted a resident of New Katra, Vinay Kushwaha and called him to a spot near Government Girls Inter College for handing over delivery of gold and silver coins.However the buyer got suspicious and informed the Civi Lines police which arrived at the spot and nabbed the two and recovered brass and copper coins plated with gold and silver from their possession, said Inspector Civil Lines Amar Nath Yadav.Meanwhile, the police arrested five bookies near high court crossing on Thursday afternoon and recovered several mobile phones and notebooks from their possession. The arrested persons were identified as Manjit Verma, Mohd Sheikh, Abdul Gaffoor, Naseem and Sandeep Yadav. The arrested persons were involved in the betting racket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17606930", "title": "Stopping work arrangement likely to hit Friends kendras", "text": "MALAPPURAM: It seems the government's move to stop the work arrangement system in all departments may sound the death knell for the 'Friends Janasevana Kendras,' the single-window facilities where citizens can make government-related transactions in the state.The government has also asked the state IT Mission, under which the Friends' centres are functioning, to give its opinion about stopping the work arrangement system in Friends' centres.As per the work arrangement system, the employees of a department are being deputed to other departments and the parent department is responsible to give salary for the employees.The Friends' centres in the state are functioning with the staff who were deputed for a short period from other departments such as electricity, revenue and motor vehicles department. If the government stops this system, the IT Mission will be forced to appoint employees on contract-basis in the centres, which may lead to the closure of the centres.Friends' centres are now operational in all the 14 districts of Kerala. It accepts payments of various universities, local bodies, Kerala State Electricity Board, Kerala Water Authority, revenue, civil supplies, motor vehicles, electrical inspectorate and BSNL. Railway reservation can also be made in Wayanad, Malappuram and Pathanamthitta centres. Police helpline are also available in some centres.The 'Friends' project was started by the government after huge loss was incurred by various centres across the state in Thiruvananthapuram in 2000. IT Mission sources at Thiruvananthapuram said, the Mission has asked the government to exempt Friends' centres from the new decision regarding the work arrangement system.The government is moving to stop the system with an aim to utilize available resources of staff in parent department itself. Though IT Mission has communicated the government its opinion against the move, no official decision in favour of the Friends' centres has been taken. A source at the Friends' centre in Malappuram said that if the government stops this system then the centres across the state will turn into mere private agencies such as Akshaya centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610285", "title": "Satyamev Jayate bags Indian of The Year Award", "text": "India's most influential TV show Satyamev Jayate on Wednesday bagged the prestigious CNN-IBN Indian of The Year - Special Achievement Award 2012 for its path breaking initiative.This accolade for Satyamev Jayate follows soon after recognition by the Government of India earlier this year. The show had been rewarded by the National Commission for Scheduled Castes for its efforts to create awareness against social discrimination in October.Satyamev Jayate won the CNN-IBN 'Indian of The Year' award under Special Achievement category along with Olympian Mary Kom and missile scientist Dr. K.C. Thomas.Star India CEO Uday Shankar and the Satyamev Jayate team were honoured for their remarkable contribution in highlighting several social ills that continue to plague modern India and to help create awareness against such evils through the pioneering TV program. \"This award is extremely special to us at Star as responses from viewers were critical in deciding a winner. Satyamev Jayate was an initiative to offer a public platform to issues that concern all Indians and it's quite humbling to see these efforts being recognized,\" Uday Shankar, CEO of Star India said.Satyamev Jayate was also nominated in the most influential entertainer of the year category for its innovative use of television as a medium for social change. Satyamev Jayate was a landmark show in Indian television that set new benchmarks from the very first episode earlier this year. Star India was instrumental in helping conceive the show that also demonstrated how TV can be an effective tool to influence social change and empower people.CNN-IBN Indian of the Year is one of the biggest and the most credible awards that are decided on the basis of votes from the general public as well as the eminent citizens of India. The award has been recognizing outstanding contributions by Indians to nation- building for the past seven years.The winners were selected through a four-tier process that began with selecting nominees in different categories by senior editors of Network18 which is ratified by a jury consisting of Padma awardees and concluded with polling by citizens from across the globe to choose their favourite Indians.Satyamev Jayate reached a third of India's population, airing simultaneously in multiple languages. It was the most-talked about show during its 13-week run, questioning social mores, helping shape mindsets and leaving an imprint on the minds of people with compelling tales from everyday life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606974", "title": "Act tough if private docs fail to report TB cases, health department told", "text": "BHOPAL: The state health department on Thursday asked district health officials to act tough against private doctors, caregivers and clinics failing to report tuberculosis (TB) cases.The directive comes six months after the Union ministry of health declared TB a notifiable disease. The notification meant that all private doctors, caregivers and clinics treating a patient suffering from TB will have to report every single case of the air-borne disease to the government.However, in the state capital only 10-15 private clinics are notifying, according to district TB office.To create awareness about TB, the health department would also begin a week-long campaign from December 15.\"Till now, doctors in private sector were free to treat TB patients and weren't required to keep a record. It would take time for all to fall in line,\" said joint director health and state TB officer Dr V A Joshi. According to estimates, for some 60% of all TB patients, the first point of contact is private health care providers.Officials admit that private doctors use irrational combinations to treat, making TB patients drug-resistant before enrolling in government treatment programme.Earlier in January, the health department initiated a programme wherein private practitioner were asked to provide TB patients with diagnosis, free medicine through revised national tuberculosis control programme ( RNTCP). However, it has yet to find acceptance. Similarly, MoUs with private medical stores to provide free drugs to TB patients has yet to become a reality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17607559", "title": "Cops on hunt for cellphone Romeo", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 21-year old girl has filed a complaint against a caller with Naranpura police for harassing her on a regular basis. Suspecting it to be someone close to her, police have started analyzing some of the numbers from which the man made calls.According to police investigators, Rajal Goswami (name changed), a resident of Shastrinagar, Naranpura, works with a private company based near Vaishnodevi circle on SG Highway.Two months back, she received an SMS of 'hi' from an unidentified number. Thinking it to be someone known to her, she chatted on the number for quite a while. After sometime, she realized that it was someone unknown trying to get acquainted with her.\"The phone calls then followed where the man on other side asked her to keep on talking with him. When she refused to do so, the caller threatened to abduct her and also stated that he knew everything about her, including the details of her residence. When she pressed for some of his information, the man said that he was a resident of Mehsana and would contact her whenever he wanted to. A couple of times when Rajal's father tried to talk to the man, he disconnected it,\" said a police official.Investigators are trying to gather more information on the numbers used in the incident and suspect that it might be the girl's colleague at the workplace or someone known to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "17607406", "title": "Bordering farmers of Haryana, UP clash over entire disputed farm land", "text": "SONIPAT: Following a clash between the bordering farmers of Haryana and Uttar Pradesh along the Yamuna river, the authorities of both the states have decided to carry out a fresh survey of the entire disputed agriculture land to decide the issue of ownership.A joint meeting of the administrative officials of Sonipat and Panipat in Haryana and that of Baghpat district in Uttar Pradesh was held in Rai town of Sonipat on Wednesday, which was also attended by the MLAs from respective constituencies and the farmers who are party to the dispute.The authorities had to intervene in the dispute between the farmers after a clash between the residents of two villages located across the borders in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh on December 6 on the issue of ownership of several acres of agriculture land.Sonipat SDM Jag Niwas informed the mediapersons on Thursday that both sides have agreed on carrying a fresh measurement of the disputed land in the Yamuna belt for deciding the ownership of the land between the farmers of Jajal, Manoli, Bhaira Bankipur and Baroli in Sonipat district and farmers of Raimal, Khozkipur, Manjoli, Gola Khurd and Niwara in Baghpat district of UP.The decision was taken in the presence of the MLA from Rai assembly in Sonipat district MLA Jai Tirth and MLA from Barot assembly segment in Baghpat Lokesh Dixit besides the farmers of the villages from both the districts.Sonipat SDM Jag Niwas informed that they went through the revenue records, claims and counter claims of the farmers from both sides.\"Finally, we decided to conduct a fresh measurement of the entire land along the Yamuna belt in Sonipat and Panipat district was decided and a fresh survey of the disputed land would be carried out from January 1 to February 28 next year by the revenue officials of both the districts.Till then a status quo would be maintained on the land as per the existing directions of the Punjab and Haryana high court,\" said Niwas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607363", "title": "Liquor vends along highways: NHAI writes to Haryana govt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Liquor vends within 30 meters of national highways and state highways have become a bone of contention between Haryana excise and taxation department and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).In a recent communication to the financial commissioner and principal secretary, excise and taxation, and transport department, the NHAI chief general manager (technical) said the liquor vends within 30 meters of the highway are violation of the Punjab Roads and Controlled Areas Restriction of Un-regularized Development Act 1963.The NHAI has also listed around 100 such vends on six national highways passing through the state. The Punjab Roads and Controlled Areas Restriction of Un-regularized Act bars any kind of construction within the 30 meters of either side of highways.The issue was last discussed at a recent meeting on road safety jointly organized by traffic police, transport officials and NHAI authorities.Last year around 4,900 people were killed in over 10,000 road accidents in the state.Anil Kumar, excise and taxation commissioner, confirmed that the NHAI had written a letter to his department. However, he maintained that the number of liquor vends which were found to be operating in violation of the Act is very less.\"Our officials concerned have already taken action against those which were found to be running in violation of rules. Majority of liquor vends are situated within the municipal limits of the cities. And, Punjab scheduled roads Act is not applicable there and vends located on the sides of highways passing through the cities are functioning in accordance with the state excise's policy,'' Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17607261", "title": "Iran varsity win programming contest at IIT-Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: The two-day Association for Commuting Machinery (ACM) International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) concluded at Indian Institute of Technology-Kanpur. A team from Amirkabir University of Technology, Iran was declared as the winner.On the last day, the participants had to battle out in the competitions for almost five hours. The programming contest concluded in the afternoon. The team from Iran was adjudged winner while Indian Institute of Technology-Indore bagged second place. Team from IIT-Delhi came third. IIT-Bombay remained on the fourth position. IIT-Roorke, IIT-BHU and IIT-Kanpur remained on the eighth, tenth and eleventh positions respectively.The top three teams were given prizes by CSMU vice-chancellor Ashok Saxena and dean research and development AK Chaturvedi, in presence of Phalguni Gupta, ACM contest director and AK Ghosh, dean of student affairs, IIT-Kanpur.Amirkabir University of Technology has qualified for the world finals of ACM ICPC scheduled to be held in St Petersburg, Russia, in June 2013.The contest challenged participants, working in three-person teams, to rely on programming skills and creativity during a five-hour battle of logic, strategy and mental endurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17606662", "title": "GMC ignores demand for drain along Janata Path", "text": "GUWAHATI: The long-pending demand of the locals living along one of the vital roads of the city - Janata Path - in Mathgharia area for construction of a proper drainage system has been ignored by governmental agencies over the years.This lackadaisical attitude of the governmental agencies has left nearly 2,000 residents of this area in the eastern part of the city in troubled waters. Water released by the households living on both sides of this road and hundreds of families settled in the neighbouring Mathgharia Sunsali hills cause inundation of many parts of this road.\"A permanent drain is much needed alongside Janata Path. Besides the residents settled on either side of the 300-metre stretch, this road is used by hundreds of people living in the neighbouring hills. So, it is our demand that the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) dig a permanent drain alongside Janata Path,\" said B P Kalita, ex-councilor of the GMC.Though the residents of this area are happy that the GMC has started reconstruction work on Janata Path recently, they have urged the municipal authorities to initiate construction of a proper drainage system along the road to drain the rainwater and excess water released by households.\"Mathgharia area is an important locality in the city. If we don't get a proper drainage system this year as well, the residents of this part of the city will continue to face problems of waterlogging and accumulation of waste water. Janata Path gets flooded during the rainy season and locals have to treat through knee-deep water,\" Kalita added.Though the GMC is keen on completing the reconstruction of an around-180 metre stretch of the road, a GMC official said that construction of drainage along the entire road will not be done immediately. \"We have no plans of constructing a drain alongside the entire Janata Path just now,\" said the official.Janata Path is one of the many roads in the city that are plagued by waterlogging caused by the growing population in the city's hills. Since there is no separate drainage system for the hill dwellers, the water used by them pours into the foothills, creating problems among settlers residing in the foothill areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606269", "title": "BJP to move fresh no-trust motion", "text": "NAGPUR: Bharatiya Janata Party has said that it would bring a fresh no-confidence motion against the DF government. Leader of the opposition in the state assembly Eknath Khadse and his counterpart in upper house Vinod Tawade announced their decision here on Thursday. The move comes close on the heels of an aborted move by Shiv Sena . However, it may materialize in the next legislative session as there is not enough time left in the winter session to complete the formalities that a no-faith move entails.The Sena sponsored no-trust move lapsed on Wednesday after they failed to avail the mandated two days to press the matter in the House. On Tuesday, Speaker Dilip Walse Patil had informed them that they could proceed with the matter. However, because of lack of coordination and consensus the move died a natural death. \"We will serve a fresh notice to the government with necessary coordination in future,\" assured Khadse while speaking to reporters in the Vidhan Bhavan premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17608018", "title": "Collection of toll at Pimpalgaon halts for a day", "text": "NASHIK: The newly created toll plaza at Pimpalgaon on the Mumbai-Agra national highway suspended toll collection for a day after owners of local good carrier vehicles stormed the plaza on Thursday demanding exemption from payment of toll.Heavy police bandobast was maintained all through the day by the rural police to ensure that no untoward incident took place at the all-women toll plaza. Officials of the toll collection company informed that a complete free-flow of vehicles was not possible as the company had entered into a concession agreement with the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI), under which toll was collected as per the classification of vehicles and no one was in a position to violate the norms of the agreement. Apart from the smart cards holders, only bullock carts and tractors are given a free-way.Meanwhile, while the toll collection was stalled for the day on Thursday, officials said that the collection will be as usual from Friday with the local commercial motorists allowed free journey to avoid any hassle until further decision.According to reports, one more round of meeting is likely to be held in the near future to resolve the imbroglio. On Wednesday, too, a large number of farmers and motorists had stormed the toll plaza against the toll collection. While free of cost smart cards are being issued by PNG Tollways for motorists within 20 kms radius of the toll plaza for free journey through the toll plaza, commercial motorists within the same area are also demanding free journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607844", "title": "Seeks release on account of daughter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s illness", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday granted bail to suspended superintendent of police (SP), Chandigarh, Desh Raj Singh, who was arrested by the CBI for allegedly accepting a bribe of Rs 1 lakh from his subordinate inspector Anokh Singh.The HC also refused to agree with the arguments put forth by the CBI that he was likely to influence the complainant in the case on the ground that if the contention of the investigating agency is accepted, then the bail is to be denied in each and every criminal case that comes before the court.Earlier on November 8, the special CBI court Chandigarh had refused to grant him bail after strong objections raised by the CBI that the officer may influence the investigation of the case on his release. Thereafter, Desh Raj had moved the Punjab and Haryana high court. In his bail petition, Desh Raj had sought his release on the grounds of his daughter's illness. He had argued that there is no other male member in his family to look after his three-year-old daughter Kunjal Singh who is suffering from left bronchial plexopathy and undergoing treatment at Nanavati Hospital, Mumbai.He had also cited other grounds like absence of shadow witnesses and no demand for bribe in the transcript of voice conversation between him and the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607101", "title": "Special police officer's job attracts rural youth", "text": "PATNA: Staying at their village with family to take care of, many unemployed youth are opting for the job of special police officer (SPO).There are altogether 6,353 SPO posts in state but 4,743 are lying vacant. There are 612 sanctioned posts in Patna district and more than 50% are filled up, said IG (operations) Amit Kumar. According to police officials, the SPOs working in Patna district come handy in operations against organized crime and naxal groups.Senior SP (SSP), Patna, Amrit Raj said, \"Some of the rural youth find small jobs in other cities. A few of these boys work as helpers in grocery shops and hotels for a salary of Rs 1,500-Rs 3,000.\" He said these young boys have a family financially dependent on them. So they are choosing to become SPO as they get paid Rs 3,000 while staying at their villages with no other establishment cost.Another senior police official, who did not wish to be quoted, said, \"Those who join as the SPO also hope to make it a gateway to the state police force. I have spent a few years counselling them and it was shocking to find that bearing the family expenses created so much pressure on the youth that they preferred to join any job.\"But it's not as simple as it looks, the SSP said. \"When we receive any application for the post of SPO, we look into the applicant's antecedents as well as his personal traits. We are very particular about the selection as it comes with many risk factors.\"Though the SPOs working in Bihar are not armed, their security is always at stake. \"The recruitment of an SPO goes through a detailed paperwork. There are several authorities involved in the recruitment. Such a thorough process makes it difficult to maintain total secrecy about the identity of an SPO. A couple of times they have come with some security-related problems which were solved. We try not to allow one SPO to operate for long time as it might be a risk for both the police and the SPO,\" said another police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17605106", "title": "Opposition stays away, but 18 bills passed", "text": "BELGAUM: Eighteen important bills, including controversial ones like the cow slaughter Bill, were passed in the absence of opposition party members and without discussion. Worse, some bills were passed though some ruling party members opposed them.The opposition Congress and JD(S) boycotted the assembly on Thursday, when the government refused to extend the session by another day. The opposition members said a lot of issues related to North Karnataka had not been discussed and hence, they needed more time. Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said the CAG report, which had indicted the state government, needed a serious debate.Deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa rejected the request to extend the session, while Speaker KG Bopaiah felt it would cause a lot of inconvenience in terms of logistics. Upset opposition members boycotted the assembly. Outside the assembly, speaking to reporters, Siddaramaiah apologized to the people of North Karnataka and blamed the ruling party for not providing them an opportunity. In the absence of opposition members, some ruling party members donned the role of opposition.Besides the 13 private university bills, the other bills passed are: Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Cattle Preservation (Amendment) Bill; Karnataka Land Revenue (Second Amendment) Bill; Karnataka Local Authorities (Prohibition of Defection) (Amendment) Bill; Karnataka State Civil Services (Regulation of Transfer of Staff of Department of Collegiate Education) Bill; and Karnataka Daily Wage Employees Welfare Bill.The Karnataka State Civil Services (Regulation of Transfer of Staff of Department of Collegiate Education) Bill is to ensure colleges across the state have lecturers. Now, lecturers refuse to serve in remote villages. The state has been categorized A (cities), B (urban centres) and C (rural areas) zones. Once implemented, a newly recruited lecturer has to work in a rural area for eight years, after which he has to serve in a 'B' centre for five years, before moving to 'A' centres. The transfers will be done through counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606035", "title": "Only local purchase of supplies for tribal children", "text": "NAGPUR: Cornered by the food scam, which involved a group of traders bagging tenders for ration supply to tribal children through unscrupulous means, the state government has now issued orders for local purchase of supplies in the areas concerned. Orders have been issued to provide locally procured ration to children in tribal areas. This may help in preventing fudging of rates, as happened in the scam when the firms bagged contracts to supply food items at steep rates, said a source in state's ministry of tribal affairs.A decision to have a single agency to route the supplies will be taken soon. The items will be purchased at uniform rates to be supplied through the sole agency, which could be a state-level consumer cooperative federation. However, for the time being, local purchases will have to be made, said the source.In 2010, the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) had charge-sheeted two persons - Rajan Shankar Jadhav, a director in Allied Protein Food Private Limited, and Ulhas Parasmal Pagaria, a city-based businessman running M/s Paras Foods - for allegedly conniving with officials of Maharashtra State Cooperative Tribal Development Corporation and National Consumer Cooperative Federation for rigging contracts to supply food to tribal schools at overpriced rates. A Supreme Court report had accused Pagaria of floating a dummy self-help group in his wife's name to corner the supply contract. Jadhav is also alleged to having formed a Mahila Mandal (women's association) in his wife's name. The modus-operandi helped them to gain a monopoly in the supply business which was otherwise open to only SHGs and similar women's organizations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606307", "title": "Deemed conveyance drive to kick off on Satarday", "text": "MUMBAI: In order to expedite the deemed conveyance, district collectors across the state will launch an intensive campaign from December 15 onwards.Two years after the government approved the scheme, there have been only a handful of cases where the land has been transferred from the builder/original land-owner to a housing society. There are over 50,000 housing societies who do not own the land on which their buildings stands.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who also handles the urban development and housing portfolio, has made it a prestige issue. Last month, at a meeting in North Mumbai, it was pointed out to him that the scheme had not taken off.Thereafter, the revenue department had issued a notification informing that the change in land records would be carried out without holding an additional hearing once the competent authority has given its verdict in favour of deemed conveyance.To ensure the process does not get entangled in bureaucratic red tape, a committee comprising the collector, district deputy registrar, assistant registrar, land record officer, municipal commissioner or his deputy, is to be set up. The housing department will oversee the entire process for deemed conveyance.\"The committee will meet once a month and take a review of all the cases that have come up for hearing,\" said officials. The drive will continue till June 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606327", "title": "CBI for action against HPCL project manager", "text": "PUNE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Pune, in its closure report filed before a special court here, has recommended departmental action against Manohar Ingale, project manager of the Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited in Chakan , for allegedly seeking favours in the form of a cell phone and a television set from a petrol pump owner in 2006 and 2008.The CBI recommended the HPCL to initiate the action as there was no sufficient evidence to prosecute Ingale under section 11 (public servant obtaining valuable thing without consideration from person concerned in proceeding or business transacted by such public servant) of the Prevention of Corruption Act.The CBI had registered a complaint against Ingale who was then a sales manager at HPCL, Pune, arguing that he had received a mobile phone worth Rs 18,100 in August 2006 and a TV set of Rs 1.11 lakh in August 2008 from one Vipul Modi, partner of M/s A J Modi and Sons at Wellesley road in Mangalwar Peth.The CBI said that Vipul Modi and Milan Modi are partners of a firm which runs an HPCL petrol pump and have official dealings with Ingale. The CBI claims it received reliable information from a source that Vipul had delivered a cell phone and television to Ingale at his residence at Kumar Pride Park on Senapati Bapat road on August 19, 2006 and August 2, 2008.CBI investigations revealed that Ingale had submitted television set bill at HPCL for claiming refund of Rs 75,000, but it was found that Vipul had made cheque payments of Rs 50,000 and Rs 25,000 to the electronics goods shop. The CBI did not come across documents to prove that the payments were actually made for the television set only and nothing else. It found that the shop owner was Vipul's close relative and it did not found correctness in his statement because it had created doubts. Investigations had further revealed that Ingale had exchanged his old cell phone for a new one for which he was given a discount of Rs 6,100. Ingale was also given a discount of Rs 1,000 because he was a close friend of Vipul. After the CBI seized the phone bill from Vipul, it was found that he had paid the bill to the cell phone shop owner by cheque.The scrutiny of evidence did not reveal that the cheque payment was indeed made for the phone as there was a huge difference in the date of making purchase and the date of making payment. The bills seized did not bear cheque numbers.CBI inspector Alok Singh through special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan filed a closure report against Ingale as the evidence collected against him was not sufficient to prosecute him under section 11 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The special court here has accepted the CBI report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17606704", "title": "Kerala inspires top Brit designer", "text": "KOCHI: It's often said that beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder. But the charm of Kerala's scenic beauty is much beyond the boundaries this proverb, alluring anyone and everyone who get a chance to explore it.The case is not different for celebrity British fashion designer Matthew Williamson. Kerala inspired him so much so that he has depicted the state's landscape and beautiful sceneries in five of his latest designs, which he recently presented at the Spring Summer 2013 edition of London Fashion Week , the foremost fashion event in the UK.Furthermore, his eponymous company Matthew Williamson Ltd is planning to market these designs globally in February.\"I worked with New York-based artist Shane McAdams for the Kerala landscape prints. I was really drawn to his 'Synthetic Landscape' series where he uses ball point pen ink and enamel to create his chromatic landscapes, on to which I added details from my memories of Kerala,\" revealed Williamson in an email interview with The Times of India.Asked whether he would recommend Kerala to his friends , Williamson said, \"I would recommend taking some time to explore Fort Kochi or discover the backwaters. Though they are popular attractions, thye really give you a feel of local life. I love the beautiful beaches in north Kerala - Kizhunna Ezhara (in Kannur district) is relatively quiet and has amazing stretches of golden sand surrounded by coconut trees - a perfect place to get away from all.\"India on the whole has an overbearing influence on the early works of Williamson, who is famous on both the sides of the Atlantic.\"I first visited India in the early 90s and have visited many times since then - over 40 I think. I travelled around India during my initial trip as I wanted to see as much as possible. I saw Mumbai, Jaipur, and Darjeeling, among others, but that trip also marked my first visit to Kerala,\" he said.This year, Williamson is celebrating the 15th anniversary of his brand which brings out four women's ready-to-wear collections annually and being marketed through 170 dealers across the globe.\"Spring/Summer'13 marked the 15 year anniversary of the brand, and for this collection, it made sense to return to design roots; revisiting and rediscovering my love of India. I have always been inspired by my travels; I remember the heat, smells and the landscapes so vividly,\" he said, pointing out his Indian connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607683", "title": "Salary surge gives boost to sagging streams", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With a 15% to 20% hike in average salary reviving students' hopes, the computer science engineering (CSE) and IT streams are back in demand at PEC University of Technology this placement season. Many university students have boosted juniors' morale by making it to the top salary segment.According to officials, new software companies hiring students for fat pay packages and successful online portals have restored the popularity of the two streams. Two students have been placed at Rs 16.08 lakh annual salary already and seven students have been placed for over an annual package of Rs 11 lakh, besides, 11 students have been placed for packages between Rs 8 to 10 lakh per annum. With this, the placement situation looks far better than last year. Over the last few years, these two streams witnessed a popularity dip, but things are changing.\"There has been more demand in IT and Computer Science streams this time. Trends in the global market, work of the training and placement committee and the hard work put in by students has drawn new companies this time,\" said Parminderjit Singh, training and placement officer, PEC University of Technology.The average salary for the 2012 batch was Rs 5.22 lakh per annum. This year, the figure crossed Rs 7 lakh per annum. About 59 companies have visited the campus so far and the figure is expected to touch 100. \"Top companies have recruited more students. The foremost batch of students that got placed were those in IT and software industry,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610476", "title": "Vidya Balan-Siddharth Roy Kapur tie the knot", "text": "Bollywood actress Vidya Balan tied the knot with UTV head Siddharth Roy Kapur in a ceremony which saw a mix of both Punjabi and Tamil traditions.The wedding rituals went on for over an hour at the well-decorated Green Mile Bungalow in Bandra in the presence of family members of the bride and groom.\"The wedding ceremony is still on, it is a mix of both Punjabi and Tamil traditions. The food served is South Indian,\" said a source close to Vidya.The 34-year-old actress underwent three changes in costume during the wedding ceremony, one of them being a mustard saree with a pink blouse, matching the groom's yellow kurta and pink turban. Siddharth's family members were seen wearing pink saafas, and the wedding procession arrived in typical Punjabi style, complete with dhol and 'balle balles'.The wedding festivities for the couple began on December 11 with a private dinner which was followed by a mehendi ceremony on December 12. The couple will reportedly be hosting a reception in Chennai.Vidya, who never confirmed rumours about her relationship with Siddharth, kept mum about her wedding as well and the celebrations are being kept as private as possible.Actress Priyanka Chopra, as well as filmmakers Madhur Bhandarkar and Kumar Taurani took to Twitter to congratulate the newly wed couple.\"Congratulations to my friends Siddharth Roy Kapoor and Vidya Balan! They make such a beautiful couple... here's wishing them happiness forever,\" said Priyanka.Added Madhur: \"My heart filled wishes to buddy Siddharth Roy Kapur and Vidya Balan for the new phase of their lives together. Congratulations to the beautiful couple.\"\"Congratulations to Siddharth Roy Kapur and Vidya Balan. God bless newly wedded couple,\" said producer Kumar Taurani.- with inputs from IANS", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17606984", "title": "Cops doubt migrants\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 hand in murder", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Police suspect the involvement of a three-member gang of migrant labourers from Bengal and Assam, in the death of a middle-aged man who was living alone in a cottage near Vazhikadavu, in August.The body of Gangadharan (56) of Oorngattiri near Areekode was found in a cottage room at Munda on August 10. The body was found lying on the floor of the room, that was locked from outside.Police had found that the door was locked using a new lock. Packet of the newly purchased lock was recovered from the next room where the three migrant labourers were staying. Police also found that the gang was absconding after the incident. Meanwhile, the postmortem examination report of Gangdharan cites that it was a natural death caused by cardiac arrest. The medical records which were recovered from the room also suggest that Gangadharan was a heart patient. Police team suspect that the cardiac arrest might have happened in the scuffle with the gang members during a robbery attempt. Gangadharan had been living in the cottage for the last 18 years.The search for Afsal of West Bengal, and Suresh and Ibrahim of Assam is under way. The special investigation team of Vazhikadavu police, who visited the Katva region under Haura police station in Bengal two days ago failed to get any clue.In a similar incident, an elderly woman was murdered by a three-member gang of migrant workers, at Mallappally near Pathanamthitta on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17607831", "title": "Doctors force headbands onto HIV patients", "text": "AHMEDABAD: AIDS patients at Jamnagar's general hospital are made to wear headbands which proclaim their HIV positive status. The Gujarat high court (HC) on Thursday issued notices to concerned authorities after this issue was brought to its notice in a public interest litigation (PIL).The PIL was filed by advocate Vijay Nangesh highlighting the \"improper\" practice in G G Hospital in Jamnagar. The lawyer submitted that the patients infected with HIV are given a band to be tied on their heads so that others could identify them and keep distance from them. He also produced photographs of patients carrying tags of HIV on their heads.The petition claims that such a branding of HIV infected people is inhuman treatment to them, for this marking leads to isolation of these patients as other patients and their relatives maintain a \"safe distance\" from them. The petitioner also pointed out that this inhuman practice also causes panic among other patients who are in the hospital.The PIL cited a guideline given by the Supreme Court saying that the identity of such people must not be disclosed . The lawyer also cited rules framed by the Medical Council of India in this regard . The PIL has demanded immediate restriction on this practice of disclosing AIDS patients' identity. It has also sought action against responsible officials. After hearing the case, a bench of Chief Justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and Justice J B Pardiwala sought reply from the state health department secretary, Jamnagar collector and the medical superintendent of the GG Hospital. Further hearing on this issue is kept next week.Meanwhile, other PILs are also being heard by the HC on the issue of HIV infected people . The high court has ordered CBI probe in the incident of HIV infection among thallassemic kids in Junagadh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "los angeles", "code": "17607684", "title": "Oscar predictor? \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcLincoln\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 leads Golden Globes race", "text": "LOS ANGELES: Steven Spielberg's presidential drama \"Lincoln\" topped the Golden Globes nominations on Thursday with nods in seven categories, followed by \"Argo\" and \"Django Unchained\" with five each. \"Les Miserables\" , romantic comedy \"Silver Linings Playbook\" and Osama bin Laden hunt movie \"Zero Dark Thirty\" by Oscar-winning director Kathryn Bigelow were tied in third place with four nods each.The announcements come as Hollywood's annual awards season kicks into gear, after the Screen Actors Guild nominations announced on Wednesday. After a presidential election year, Spielberg will be hoping to fare better with \"Lincoln\" than he did with last year's \"War Horse\" , which was nominated for six Oscars and two Globes but went home empty-handed .In the running for best actor are Daniel Day-Lewis as Abraham Lincoln, Denzel Washington for piloting \"Flight\" , Richard Gere for \"Arbitrage\" , John Hawkes for \"The Sessions\" and Joaquin Phoenix for \"The Master\" . As expected Jessica Chastain is shortlisted for her CIA agent role in \"Zero Dark Thirty ,\" up against Britain's Helen Mirren for \" Hitchcock,\" France's Marion Cotillard for \"Rust and Bone\" , Naomi Watts for Indian Ocean tsunami drama \"The Impossible\" and Rachel Weisz for \"The Deep Blue Sea\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17605285", "title": "Don't touch residential areas, BBMP told", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Thursday directed the BBMP to recall those sanction plans, trade licences and change of land use issued after the January 25 interim order of the court. These relate to those areas which were categorized as residential as per the comprehensive development plan,1995.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen issued this classificatory order after the BBMP informed that such permissions were given after the January 25 order in areas classified as 'residential mix' zone.Wondering how its order could be misconstrued, the court issued the classificatory order giving the benefit of doubt to the civic body.Earlier, the BBMP counsel informed the court that 183 such permissions given after the January 25 interim order have been cancelled/recalled.On January 25, 2012, the court had directed the authorities not to permit any re-construction or re-development in areas classified as residential.Areas like Malleswaram, Richmond Town, Vasanthnagar, Vijayanagar, Jayanagar and Rajajingar which have been classified as residential were covered by the order.Bangalore-based Citizens Action Forum (CAF), in a PIL, had claimed that the master plan 2015, notified by the BDA on June 25, 2007, was without jurisdiction. The organization had challenged the concept of mixed use of land claiming that the same would choke the city and also render the Town and Country Planning Act redundant.A division bench headed by Justice NK Patil on Thursday stayed some portions of the order passed by the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT), Bangalore Bench, in the RP Sharma case. CAT had quashed the August 13 government order transferring RP Sharma from the post of ADGP, BMTF, and also the August 14 order in posting senior IPS officer P Ravindranath in his place.The CAT directions to the state government to extend all possible assistance to the BMTF to speedily bring before the prosecuting bar all erring officials by allowing the applicant Sharma to work his full tenure and the direction to Sharma to commence immediate investigation have been stayed by the bench. It also stayed the observation that the amendment to police act does not cover Sharma, who belongs to the ADGP rank.The sate government on Thursday gave an undertaking before a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen that it would publish in future the list of those persons who have been issued ration cards .The court was hearing a PIL filed by minister SA Ramdas in 2006 complaining about ineligible persons getting BPL ration cards.The state government, in its latest status report, stated that 52 lakh ration cards issued to ineligible persons had been cancelled.The state government on Thursday said that it would submit a draft notification for granting relief/ immunity to those officials who have taken action against SC/ST persons from being prosecuted.Government advocate Ravindra G Kolle thus informed a division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen when it wanted to know the action taken by the state to protect the forest officials, against whom many cases under the SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act have been filed in the aftermath of them initiating action against those who indulged in poaching or encroachment of forests.The Karnataka State Range Forest Officers' Association and the Karnataka State Assistant Conservators of Forests Association filed a petition complaining that in majority of the cases booked by forest personnel against those indulging in forest encroachment, timber smuggling, poaching, etc, the offenders had lodged counter complaints with the police under the SC and ST (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606690", "title": "Engineering student who ran over boy held", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Thursday arrested a third year engineering student in connection with the death of a boy who was killed after an SUV entered a school playground a day earlier.The engineering student Jerish had come to the government middle school in Sholavaram, where the boy Vinod Kumar studied, to meet his mother Mary, a teacher.Police said Jerish hid in a relative's house in Sholavaram after the accident. Police teams led by Sholavaram inspector Ahmed Abdul Khader apprehended Jerish and arrested him.Jerish told investigating officers that he had tried to reverse the vehicle as the driver had gone to a shop. As he changed gears, the vehicle moved forward and ran over Vinod Kumar who was playing in front of the vehicle.Jerish and his friends had come to Chennai to attend actor Rajnikanth's birthday celebrations and planned to visit Tada waterfalls near Nagari in Andhra Pradesh. On the way, Jerish stopped the vehicle to inform his mother. After the accident, Jerish and his friends abandoned the vehicle inside the school and vanished. Angry residents and villagers damaged the windshield of the car. Jerish lives in Kannigaiper village near Sholavaram.To mourn the death, the school administration declared a holiday on Thursday.Sholavaram police registered a case under Section 304a (death caused due to negligence) of the Indian Penal Code and arrested Jerish. He was remanded in prison after being produced before a magistrate's court in Ponneri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605540", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcStructure\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to shift, but stay on ground: Uddhav", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shiv Sena finally shed its aggressive stance and Matoshree its silence on the Bal Thackeray memorial issue, as party CEO Uddhav Thackeray on Thursday agreed to remove the temporary structure set up for Thackeray's cremation at Shivaji Park on November 18. In a face-saver, he assured Sainiks a 'samadhi' will be set up elsewhere on the park. However, local residents said they would wait for Uddhav's official statement to the government and would move court if he insisted on building a memorial in the park.In a statement in party mouthpiece Saamna on Thursday, Uddhav said Shiv Sainiks will pull back the edifice from its present site. \"The Sena's stand on the issue is clear. The present 'samadhi' will be pulled back,\" he said. However, worried that shifting out of the park may dent the Sena's credibility, Uddhav insisted that the 'samadhi' will remain on the park, though several feet away from the present structure. Stating that Shivaji Park was central to Bal Thackeray's thoughts and personality, Uddhav said, \"Even if there is a small change in the position of the 'samadhi', it will remain on the park for ever. Thousands of Balasaheb's followers keep coming to the 'samadhi' to offer homage to the departed leader,'' he added. Uddhav is expected to make an official statement to the state government in a day or two.The climbdown follows chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's firm stand, political analysts said. Earlier this week, Chavan discussed the matter in Nagpur with Sena leader Subhash Desai, Mumbai mayor Sunil Prabhu and Milind Narvekar, a close confidante of Uddhav. The chief minister is believed to have told the Sena delegation in no uncertain terms that talks would not move ahead until the Sena agreed to shift the 'samadhi' elsewhere. \"We had to wriggle out of the crisis. There was no way we could have sustained a campaign on the 'samadhi' issue. Now, attempts are on to hammer out a solution which will save embarrassment for both the ruling DF and the Sena,'' said a party functionary. Desai and Narvekar are believed to have played key roles in resolving the issue.Uddhav's statement is his first since the controversy began over the continued presence of the temporary structure at the park last month. His reluctance to comment on the issue so far even as senior leaders Manohar Joshi and Sanjay Raut were vocal on the memorial, highlighted the growing uncertainty in the Sena leadership after Bal Thackeray.His Thursday statement, besides being a face-saver for the Sena, is also a reminder to party leaders that he is the boss after the late Thackeray, say Sena watchers. Earlier on Thursday, Desai told the media in Nagpur that Uddhav alone would speak on the memorial controversy. \"After Balasaheb, Uddhav-ji is the Sena's supreme leader. He alone will talk on the memorial issue and his will be the last word,'' said Desai, believed to be close to Uddhav. The remark is said to be directed at Joshi and Raut who have been tacitly asked to remain silent.Sainiks, who continued to assemble around the structure at Shivaji Park on Thursday, told TOI that the makeshift memorial will be shifted as it currently faces Shivaji's statue. \"We were told by Uddhavsaheb in a statement in Saamna that if the memorial was to be built at the current location it would obstruct the view of the imposing statue of Shivaji Maharaj. We have no issues about shifting the memorial, as we have been assured that the memorial will be built on Shivaji Park ground. Balasaheb's struggle began on this ground and it holds a sacred value to us. We are only concerned that the memorial be built at Shivaji Park,\" said a Sainik from the party's Mira-Bhayander shakha.Meanwhile, sources said the Sena plans to table a proposal in the BMC to set up a plaque in Bal Thackeray's name and develop a garden called 'Shiv Teerth' in the area between the Shivaji statue and Bairamji Pavilion of Shivaji Park Nagrik Sangh.Local residents are awaiting Uddhav's official statement before deciding the next course of action. \"We do not want to believe what Saamna says. We will wait till Uddhav issues an official statement. But if he is firm in his resolve to construct a memorial on Shivaji Park ground, it will be strongly opposed by us. We will contemplate moving the court against the Sena,\" said a member of the Shivaji Park ALM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606539", "title": "Theme Devdas at boi mela screen tribute", "text": "KOLKATA: It is Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's Devdas that binds Dilip Kumar , Soumitra Chatterjee, Shah Rukh Khan and Abhay Deol and if all goes well, the actors will be seen discussing the fictional character at the Kolkata Literary Meet (KLM) this book fair.Devdas has inspired generations of cine buffs and has been filmed in at least 10 Indian languages. In order to celebrate the story which has been an eternal favourite of filmmakers, KLM organizers have dedicated a special session to the novel.The session will be part of a five-day-long celebratory event titled '100 Years of Indian Cinema' that will form an integral part of the literary festival.Both Shah Rukh and Deol have principally agreed to participate in the discussion, Soumitra is yet to give his final nod, though a dialogue between him and the organizers has started. \"The problem with me is that I shoot for several hours everyday. However, I must say that the idea interests me. However, agreeing to be part of a programme of this scale would require a lot of deliberation on my part because I will have to understand what I am expected to do,\" Chatterjee said.Plans are also afoot to get the audience an exclusive take on the character from the original Devdas - Dilip Kumar. Though Dilip saab will not be able to make it to the session physically, he is likely to shoot for a special audio-visual presentation on Devdas through which he will share his anecdotes.The 10-minute AV will be a part of the programme. The rest of the session will be a discussion where Soumitra, Shah Rukh and Deol will strike up a conversation centering on the relevance of Devdas. While Dilip Kumar, Soumitra and Shah Rukh have played the traditional Devdas, Deol has played the character's modern version in Dev D.\"Besides the popular Bengali and Hindi versions, Devdas has been adapted in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Odiya and Assamese to name a few. He has assumed cult status. So we thought that it would be apt to have a session on Devdas as part of our five-day long celebratory programme,\" said Malavika Banerjee, organiser of KLM.Devdas apart, two more sessions have been finalized as part of the 100 Years of Indian Cinema event. While one will revolve around RD Burman, the other will debate whether films transcend books based on which they are made.If Devdas, Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay's immortal character, that has inspired generations of book and cinema lovers alike, is also your favourite, then you are in for a treat. This book fair you will be able to participate in a session that is being specially designed to celebrate the story that has been filmed in at least 10 Indian languages and also in Bangladesh and Pakistan . What's more is that, you will get to see three of the best loved screen Devdases, sharing the stage to discuss the character.If things go according to plans, Soumitro Chatterjee, Shah Rukh Khan and Abhay Deol will be present at the session to talk and deliberate on why this \"lesser\" novel of Chattopadhyay has been an eternal favourite with filmmakers. And this is not all, plans are afoot to get the audience an exclusive take on Devdas from the original one, yes , Dilip Kumar! Though Dilip Saab will not be able to make it to the session physically, he will shoot for a special audio visual presentation on Devdas where he is expected to share anecdotes.The session is part of a five day long celebratory event titled, 100 Years of Indian Cinema, which will be an inherent part of the Kolkata Literary Meet, the literature festival of the Kolkata Book Fair, that made its debut last year.The organisers of the Kolkata Literary Meet have more or less finalised the session and both Shah Rukh Khan and Abhay Deol have principally agreed to participate. Soumitro is yet to give his final nod though a dialogue has started between him and the organisers. \"The problem with me is that I shoot for several hours everyday. However, I must say that the idea interests me. However, agreeing to be part of a programme of this scale would require a lot of deliberation on my part because I will have to understand what I will be expected to do,\" Chatterjee said.\"Apart from the popular Bengali and Hindi versions, Devdas has been adapted in Tamil, Telegu, Malayalam, Oriya, Asamese and you name it. He has assumed cult status. So we thought that it would be apt to have a session on Devdas as part of our five day long celebratory programme - 100 Years of Indian Cinema,\" said Malavika Banerjee, organiser of KLM.While Dilip Kumar's will be a 10 minute audio-visual presentation, the rest of the programme will be in the dialogue mode where Soumitro, Khan and Abhay Deol will strike up a conversation centering around the relevance of Devdas. While Dilip Kumar, Soumitro and Khan have all played the traditional Devdas, Deol has played the modern day Devdas in his film, Dev-D.Apart from the session on Devdas, two more sessions have also been finalised in the five day long programme of 100 Years of Indian Cinema - one revolving around RD Burman and the other a debate on whether films transcend books from which they are made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17607970", "title": "Nine killed as tractor falls in ditch", "text": "VARANASI: At least nine persons were killed while three suffered serious injuries when a tractor fell into a deep ditch near Eco point under Robertsganj police station in Sonebhadra district on Tuesday night.According to reports, some labourers of Nigai village under Kone police station had arrived at Belgari village under Pannuganj police station for work. After their work was done, Virendra Singh Patel of Belgari village boarded all the 11 labourers and their family members on his tractor to leave for Nigai village on Tuesday.When he reached close to Eco point, some vehicle hit Virendra's tractor due to which it fell into a deep ditch. Due to the dark and bad weather conditions, nobody noticed this accident in the night. On Wednesday morning, some passersby noticed the tractor and its trolley lying in several meters below the road level. On receiving information of the incident, police reached the site and began a rescue operation.During this operation, it was found that seven persons including Virendra (30), Rajan (18), Indu (20), Virendra Singh (42), Anjania (7), Vikram (7) and a two-year-old unidentified girl had died. Five seriously injured persons including Nandu (27), his wife Rajkumari (25), their son Harnu (5), Lallu (25) and Lalti (20) were rushed to a local hospital where noticing sharp deterioration in their health, doctors referred them to Varanasi. Nandu and Rajkumari also died during the course of treatment in the Varanasi hospital.Five buried alive: Five persons were buried alive late in the evening on Tuesday when a mud house collapsed in Bahura village under Kerakat police station in Jaunpur district.According to reports, Mahboob and Maqsood dwell in a mud house in Bhaura village. On Tuesday evening, the mud wall of the neighbouring house owned by Udaybhan Singh collapsed and its debris fell on the walls of Mahboob's house. Due to this, his house also collapsed completely and his family members were buried under the debris.On hearing their cries, villagers began removing the debris to rescue the buried persons. But before they could do so, Sabira, Alimunisha (48), Shama (15) and Laxmina (18) had succumbed to the injuries sustained in the incident. Shabana (19) and Shaba (18), who were seriously injured, were taken to a local hospital where Shabana also succumbed to her injuries later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17607650", "title": "Case against scribe to be withdrawn", "text": "BELGAUM: The government is likely to withdraw the case against TV journalist Naveen Soorinje, who has been arrested in connection with the ruckus at the Mangalore homestay case a few months ago.Home minister R Ashok hinted about this in the legislative council on Thursday, to a query from JD(S) leader MC Nanaiah. The journalist, had gone to cover the attack by some activists who objected to boys and girls partying, and was booked under Indian Penal Code for failing to alert police when the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605884", "title": "Another goof-up in Nagpur University exam paper", "text": "NAGPUR: There seems to be no end to the printing mistakes by Nagpur University. This time, the students of civil engineering branch appearing for the semester VI paper got a shock at the beginning of the paper on Wednesday. In a silly printing mistake, instead of semester VI, the paper heading said semester V.Although the questions were perfectly in line with the syllabus, this gaffe at the top did leave students baffled when they were handed the questions papers at the exam centres. For a few moments, everyone wondered if the semester V paper had been distributed to them by mistake, forcing students to consult with the centre in charge.The centre in charge had to contact the university, which confirmed that the paper was for semester VI. Controller of Examination (CoE) Vilas Ramteke, engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar and even Pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie denied any knowledge of such an incident. \"I have no idea about all this,\" said Yenkie. Ramteke added, \"I'm not responsible for the paper. It is the board of studies that sets the paper.\"Day after day, the list of bloopers credited to Nagpur University is increasing. First, the entire exam was deferred by a month-and-a-half, then out of syllabus questions worth half the marks appeared in the maths paper for semester III engineering students. Later, a printing mistake in the LLB exam paper said the maximum marks were 100 when actually the paper was for 50 marks. One can only hope that the remaining winter examination doesn't witness any more mistakes, students said.(Reporting by Lakshmi Dwivedi)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606282", "title": "Cops find body of missing SoBo building landlord", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch probing the disappearance of Hakim Khambhati (65), landlord of Lamington Road's Yusuf Manzil, which collapsed in 2009, found his body on Thursday. Hakim was killed and his body dumped near Thane's Charaoti naka in February.Imran Ansari (36), an aide of the arrested accused, Mohammed Namakwala Memon, has been arrested. Ansari along with two others had planned the murder. Cops are looking for the two associates.\"Memon showed us the place where the body had been dumped. We learnt that Thane's Khatah police had found a body in March but it was disposed of after filing an accidental death report as it remained unidentified for two months. We identified Hakim from his body's photograph and his clothes,\" said Dinesh Ahir, senior inspector of unit 5.Initially, Memon and Hakim were not on good terms as the former, who was a tenant in Yusuf Manzil, had demolished a staircase in the building, resulting in the collapse.Hakim's mother Zubeida died after she was seriously injured in the collapse. Memon, who was arrested by the D B Marg police and has confessed to the crime, said that he made several attempts to buy Yusuf Manzil but Hakim refused.Later, Memon brought a property through Hakim and gained his confidence. He then asked Hakim to find a property for him in Boisar. When Hakim, a real estate expert, found a property, Memon said he wanted to see the place. \"On February 13, Memon, Imran and Hakim left for Boisar in a car. The other two absconding accused joined them and strangulated Hakim in the back seat and dumped his body. Memon said later he forged Hakim's signature and produced a backdated power of attorney.\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime). Memon also said he wanted to take revenge as Hakim had earlier put him behind the bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606478", "title": "Charred body found near Amar Colony", "text": "GURGAON: A charred body of a 24-year-old man was found by police near Amar Colony on Wednesday morning. The man who has been identified as Manish alias Rahul, a resident of Shikrawa village in Mewat, was living in a rented house in Firoz Gandhi Colony in Gurgaon. Police have registered a murder case against unknown people in the city police station.According to the police, the body was found near auto market next to Amar Colony. The man used to live with his family and was part of a band group. On Tuesday evening, he told his family that he was going to a marriage function. He, however, did not return that night. His body was %found in the morning near %auto market.\"We suspect revenge to be the motive behind the murder as his body was burnt after he was killed, probably to destroy any evidence. We have lodged an FIR on the statement of Raju Saini against unknown killers under Sections 302, 201 of the IPC. Investigation into the matter is on,\" said sub-inspector Jai Bhagwan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606406", "title": "Student body demands work for local youth at JSCA stadium", "text": "RANCHI: Members of the Jharkhand Chhatra Sangh (JCS) demonstrated at Jharkhand State Cricket Association International Cricket Stadium, Dhurwa on Thursday demanding recruitment of the displaced educated youth of the area for the management and other work during the One-Day International cricket match between India and England to be held on January 19.Sangh chairperson S Ali said when the stadium was constructed many residents of the area were displaced. He said the JSCA has been providing management work only to students of IIM-R despite the fact that the displaced youth of the area were graduates and post-graduates, but still unemployed.\"We are not against seeking help from IIM students but we also want the local youths to be made a part of the match preparations,\" Ali said.Another demand of the JCS members of JCS was to appoint Jharkhand domicile as workers at the stadium. Ali said, \"All the employees of the stadium, they be managers or peons, are from other states. We want the Jharkhand domicile to be recruited in those posts.\"They where also demanding 50% discount on tickets of the match for the displaced. Ali said, \"We have sent a letter listing our demands to the JSCA. If the JSCA do not take any action in our favour within a week, we'll intensify our protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606510", "title": "Catch the masters, freedom fighters on YouTube", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fancy listening to late Pandit Ravi Shankar play a mellifluous raga on his sitar, hear Maulana Abul Kalam Azad at his fiercest best in a 1948 speech or gaze at rare photographs of Mahatma Gandhi, Sardar Vallabhai Patel and others? You don't even have to stir from your seat as the information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry's YouTube channel hosts a treasured collection of speeches of national leaders, AIR recordings of classical performers, films and documentaries.The ministry's official channel was launched in September and has films and documentaries including those on freedom fighters like Chandrashekhar Azad, Lala Lajpat Rai, Bal Gangadhar Tilak and Bipin Chandra Pal besides historical occasions like capture of Haji Pir Pass and the beginning of the 1857 war of independence.Incidentally, the channel has also provided an occasion for generations to hear legends like Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, Sardar Vallabhai Patel and Rajendra Prasad, who are an intrinsic part of Indian history but have mostly been relegated to school textbooks.In keeping with its core focus, the channel includes news updates from Doordarshan and AIR besides views, special interviews and video features. It has also been used effectively by the ministry to update viewers on its initiatives like the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) that was held in Goa last month. IFFI's inaugural and closing ceremonies were streamed live, snippets of master classes held by eminent filmmakers for budding ones and other events have also been uploaded.The government's campaign on its schemes and flagship programs is a significant part of the channel and is part of the establishment's effort to fight the war of perception and branding through social media.The channel is also slowly carving out an international audience with viewership recorded in the US, the UK and the UAE among other countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17605035", "title": "Saina Nehwal faces elimination from Super Series Finals", "text": "HYDERABAD: After her second straight loss Saina Nehwal is on the brink of elimination from the BWF World Super Series Finals in Shenzhen (China).Saina was outplayed by Ratchanok Intanon of Thailand 13-21, 16-21 in her Group B second round robin league match on Thursday.The only hope for Saina is if Tine Baun - who lost to Juliane Schenk on Thursday 21-14, 16-21, 8-21 - loses to Ratchanok on Friday and Saina defeats Juliane in her last Group B match.In that case, Ratchanok will top Group B and qualify for the semifinals and the player with a better game average (difference between total number of games won and lost) among the other three will advance to the next stage.Saina was listless on Thursday, probably not having fully recovered from the shock loss against Tine on Wednesday. The 22-year-old, who enjoyed a 4-1 career record against the Thai teen before that contest, never looked to be in the game.Ratchanok started with a 7-2 lead in the first game and did not look back. Trialing 4-14, Saina came up with an eight-point burst but failed to maintain the tempo as Ratchanok hit back with six successive points from 15-13 to wrap up the game.Saina looked better in the second game and even she caught up with Ratchanok at 6-6. However, Ratchanok, who is known for her unorthodox strokes, notched up five straight points from 16-16 to leave Saina shattered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17607507", "title": "Dismissed constable killed by suspected Naxalites", "text": "RAIPUR: Suspected Naxalites have allegedly killed a 35-year-old dismissed constable in Kanker district, police said today.Vijay Salaam was stabbed to death by an alleged Naxalite, in Pewadi village of Bhanupratappur area, superintendent of police Rahul Bhagat informed.Salaam was dismissed from the district police force in 2007 on charges of involvement in loot and dacoity cases in the area, he said, adding, he was allegedly involved in several other cases as well.A pamphlet recovered near his body stated Maoists have taken revenge on him for killing a Naxalite earlier, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17607640", "title": "BJP looks to Modi as its poll mascot", "text": "BELGAUM: Driven to the wall, the state BJP is looking at all options to refurbish its image. The party has roped in Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's services in an effort to build its image in the state, which will go to polls next year. With chaos and confusion in the party due to its chief mentor and former CM BS Yeddyurappa's exit, the outfit's state leadership is heavily banking on Modi to bring its house in order and to gain maximum seats during assembly elections.During their visit to Ahmedabad to canvass for Modi last week, chief minister Jagadish Shettar and BJP state president KS Eshwarappa have requested him to spend more time in Karnataka after the Gujarat polls, to motivate the faction-ridden cadres here.Admitting that Modi's services have been sought, Eshwarappa told TOI that his presence would definitely boost the party cadres in the state. \"The response from Modi was positive. As elections are expected in April, he will dedicate a considerable part of time to the state,\" Eshwarappa said.Sources in the party said in the event of Modi returning to power, it will have a huge positive impact on the party. Through Modi's victory, the party is hoping that those who have gone with Yeddyurappa will come back and the fence-sitters and others contemplating to join Congress and JD(S) will think twice before deciding to quit the party.\"This was one of the important topics on the agenda of the state core team's meeting with the party high command in New Delhi last week. The issue was the impact of Yeddyurappa's Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) on BJP prospects and action to be taken on the legislators and MPs recognized with the Lingayat strongman,\" sources added.Apart from Modi, all the national netas are said to have planned for frequent visits to the state in an effort to retain power in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17608224", "title": "Incense sticks fill fragrance in lives of Gadchiroli tribals", "text": "NAGPUR: Gun battles and arms seizures in the farflung Naxal heartland make breaking news but how many of us know that a model project launched by the state forest department and district administration is empowering Gadchiroli's tribal women to be self-reliant. In a bid to reduce tribals' biotic pressure on forests, the Gadchiroli forest circle and district administration with active help from joint forest management committee (JFMC) has set up an incense stick (agarbatti) unit in Deulgaon under Chatgaon forest range. Chief secretary Jayantkumar Banthia will visit Gadchiroli on Saturday to review the success story himself.The unique project has filled fragrance in the lives of at least 200 women from nine villages in the Naxal-affected Allapalli, Bhamragarh and Sironcha districts. The unit manufactures seven tonnes of agarbattis daily. Women are getting assured employment with `180-200 as daily wages.This is one of the major success stories in Gadchiroli after granting community forest rights (CFRs) under the Forest Rights Act ( FRA) 2006 to over 750 villages. Gadchiroli forest officials initiated the project by selecting a team of youths from 10 villages including Deulgaon. The team was sent to Ahmedabad in Gujarat for capacity building. Around 10 agarbatti machines were procured for every village from the funds worth `7 crore provided by district planning committee and Human Development Mission.\"Villagers from even most extremist-infested villages like Ghot Parola, Tadgaon, Romanpalli, Maroda, and Kurkheda have been engaged in manufacturing agarbattis. The activity here is managed by the forest department,\" says PJ Gadekar, district information officer (DIO). However, in Deulgaon, the entire management wrests with JFMC. The profit is ploughed back to the development of the village. \"Moving gradually towards self-sufficiency, the locals, for whom the Naxals claim to be fighting, are now more inclined to participate in government development schemes. They realize that violence for over two decades has worsened the situation,\" adds Gadekar.Consider the example of Deulgaon, having a population of 196 tribals including 96 women. The JFMC has formed five groups of 10 women each. Each group is given alternative employment while remaining women are given forestry work. One woman worker prepares at least 18-20 kg of agarbattis.\"Tribals are reaping benefits from agarbattis for the past four months. The raw material like bamboo sticks are provided by foresters to the villagers. The finished product is marketed in Nagpur. Through JFMC, we also plan to open saving accounts in post offices and banks so that women become self-sustained,\" claimed Marotrao Gedam, chief of the JFMC.\"At present the project is being run in 10 villages. We plan to implement it in another 45 villages. The forest department is planning to set up an independent mechanism to market the finished products. An action plan has been prepared to see that the project works systematically,\" said TSK Reddy, chief conservator of forests (CCF) for Gadchiroli Circle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17607444", "title": "Jats to review Delhi march schedule", "text": "ROHTAK: In the wake of Haryana government's favourable disposition towards the backward classes commission recommendations, that 10% reservation be provided for Jats and four other castes ( Bishnois, Jat Sikhs, Rors and Tyagis) in the state as well as Union government jobs by including them in the OBC list, the Jat groups are having second thoughts about their scheduled march to Delhi on December 16.The Jat organizations, including the Sarv Khap Jat Mahapanchayat, will hold a meeting in Danoda Kalan village of Jind district to take a decision in the wake of the recent development. The khap panchayats of Rohtak region would congregate in Rohtak.It is also learnt that the state government has invited khap representatives to hold talks with the chief minister sometime in the next few days.\"Efforts are underway to soothe the agitated Jat groups which are gearing up to resume the stir from December 16. While a section of Jat leaders has accepted the state government's move, another section is eager to go ahead with the stir,\" said a Jat leader.Hawa Singh Sangwan, president of All India Jat Arakshan Sangharsh Samiti, who has been at the forefront of agitation, said, \"Now, since the commission has recommended reservation for Jats, the decision on agitation should be reviewed.\"The leaders of Hooda, Gathwala, Dahiya, Dhankar, Sangwan and Kadian khaps, which are based in old Rohtak region - the stronghold of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda -- too have softened their stand. Ramkaran Hooda of Hooda khap said they would holding a meeting in Rohtak on Friday to review the situation after the backward commission report. \"The government's move indicates its intention regarding our demand. Since the khap mahapanchayat has put the onus on us to lead the stir, we would take a decision tomorrow and intimidate them about it,\" he said.Another khap group based in Jind district, comprising Nain, Kandela and Samain khaps among others is also preparing for a fresh meeting in Danoda Kalan village on Friday. Sube Singh Samain, spokesperson of Sarv Khap Jat Mahapanchayat, said on Thursday, \"We would take a decision about the invitation for talks in the meeting tomorrow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607331", "title": "Many wary of Ganta\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s growing clout", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The turf war between tribal welfare minister P Balaraju and ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivas Rao seems to be hotting up with the latter attempting to play a key role in designing chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy's itinerary for his three-day visit to the district from December 17.Sources within the Congress party said that Ganta Srinivas Rao has been dominating the scene and the local Congress leaders have been relegated to the background, which has deepened the resentment that has been festering since he took over as minister.\"Ganta has a dominating nature. It is true that Congress and PRP (Prajarajyam Party) have merged but that does not mean that he (Ganta, who was in PRP), will dominate us. We have our own minister Balaraju to handle things,\" said a senior Congress leader requesting anonymity.Another leader from the party, however, said Balaraju lacked leadership abilities and was no match to Ganta's 'street smartness.' Moreover, he does not seem to have a strong team either, he observed.Political analysts remark that ever since the death of Congress leader Dronamraju Satyanarayana, there has been no strong leader from the party. \"The first leadership vacuum was created in the Congress party with the demise of Tenneti Viswanadham. Later it was a filled to a certain extent by Dronamraju, but after his death there has been none who can claim to be a true leader,\" observed political analyst and former professor of political sciences, AU, A Prasanna Kumar.On the other hand, many senior Congress workers feel that the ports and infrastructure minister may not have leadership skills but he knows how to play his cards well. From working as an ad executive, Ganta has risen to become a minister and that too within a span of two decades.Prior to joining politics, he worked in the advertisement department of a vernacular daily. He then started a restaurant (mess) and followed it up with a shipping company Pratyusha Shipping. He contested from the Anakapalle Lok Sabha seat on a TDP ticket in 1999 and won and later went on to be elected MLA from Chodavaram in 2004.In 2009, he switched loyalties to PRP and defeated Congress heavyweight Konathala Ramakrishna in the Assembly segment of Anakapalle. Many were surprised by his ability to win over a Gavara in the Gavara heartland despite being a Kapu.But Ganta had his calculations right. He knew that Konathala would be weakened with the break-up of Munagapaka in the bifurcation factor as a majority of the Gavaras will be shifted to Yellamanchili constituency. This combined with the factor that the Gavara vote would be split as the other contesting TDP candidate Dadi Veerabhadra Rao was also a Gavara and that his Kapu base, which is the second largest community in the region, would remain intact.The dissatisfaction over the Ganta factor is not confined to the Congress party alone. It seems that he is not very popular with the bureaucracy either. A senior bureaucrat observed that most of the Congress leaders are very friendly by nature and if they have something to say they do so politely. \"Politeness may be the hallmark of Vizagites, but the condescending attitude of the ports and infrastructure minister is hurting us,\" the bureaucrat said.Another senior official from the district administration pointed out that Ganta was taking advantage of Balaraju's inefficiency and riding roughshod on the entire administrative set-up. \"We dread his meetings in the name of so called review meets,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17607952", "title": "Youth vie to get clicked with Anna", "text": "VARANASI: While Anna Hazare was accorded a warm welcome on the occasion of his first arrival in the city, the crowd that had gathered to listen to him went out of control on many occasions at Bharat Mata Mandir premises on Wednesday.The excited youths in the crowd indulged in fighting in a bid to assemble nearer to Anna. The police and security staff had to intervene to normalize the situation. Meanwhile, the fan following of the anti-corruption crusader could easily be estimated with a huge number of youngsters who reached close to the dais to capture Anna in their cellphones and cameras.In fact, the stage where Anna was sitting along with Gen Singh remained packed with student leaders, young boys and girls for around 15 to 20 minutes as they were busy clicking photographs with Anna and Singh. Singh himself had to appeal to the gathering to maintain decorum and discipline in the premises.Students from Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Sampurnanad Sanskrit University (SSU), Mahatma Gandhi Kashi Vidyapeeth (MGKV), Allahabad University, Purvanchal University and several others institutions of neighbouring districts were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606058", "title": "Rift between tax officials, zone chief at Laxmi Nagar too", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic body's Laxmi Nagar zone too witnessed a rift between the zone in-charge and property tax officials on Thursday, raising serious questions about the exact reason behind the rash of such incidents. However, the situation was not as bad as that at Dhantoli zone on Wednesday.Like at the Dhantoli zone, property tax inspectors and collectors came late to office and started demonstration against assistant commissioner GM Rathod, objecting to the strict attendance rules. Later, a couple of union leaders from NMC head office reached the spot. Other staffers too joined the agitation then, and decided to stop work and protest.Chairman of Laxmi Nagar Zone Gopal Bohare reached the office immediately and stopped the demonstration. Bohare ensured that those who came late were marked present, and cooled down the tempers. Later, Bohare met additional municipal commissioner Hemant Pawar and informed him about the incident.The reason behind such protests at the zones hints out at some serious issues that require to be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17608164", "title": "Power tariff to fall this month", "text": "NAGPUR: State power distributor MSEDCL has been again charged with inflating fuel surcharge in the bills for November and December. Earlier this month, TOI had highlighted that the actual tariff hike was around 30% and not 9% as claimed by MSEDCL and Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission.The power distribution company has already fleeced consumers in Nagpur by refusing to refund `36 crore collected as zero load shedding surcharge from them in 2010 and 2011. The distributor justified it saying that the refund would burden consumers in other parts of the state. Similar injustice has been done to consumers of Navi Mumbai, Thane, Pune, Aurangabad and Amravati.The only silver lining is that the power tariff for December has reduced as MSEDCL has recovered `1,483 crore from consumers by way of a six-monthly surcharge that was levied till November. It has reduced the tariff by 8 to 10%.RB Goenka, chairman of Vidarbha Industries Association's energy cell, had sent four e-mails to MSEDCL pointing out that the fuel surcharge in November was levied without issuing a circular.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607253", "title": "18 teams to take part in drama competition", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Eighteen amateur drama teams from across the country will participate in the 34th Bengali short drama competition organized by Lukerganj Club, Allahabad. The competition will be held from December 15 to 2l.The annual drama competition was started by the Club to provide a platform for promoting art and People's Theatre Movement. The short and one act play depicts a particular incident, emotion that has a deepening effect on the individual, everlasting influence on society at large.President of Lukerganj Club Kalyan Kumar Dey said the drama competition was started by the Club in 1970 as a local tournament restricted the competition to Allahabad, as such the local talents to develop and blossom in a homelier through competitive atmosphere.From 1976 it covered a wider field and turned into an all India competition to enable the drama fans of Allahabad to witness stage talents from different part of the country.Lukerganj Club was established in 1907. It produced its first play, Paroparey, in 1922. He said this competition offers cash award of Rs 11,000 for the first five best performances in order of merit. Besides, there are 15 running shields and individual prizes for excellence in different aspect of stage art.The competition will be inaugurated by the Controller of Railway Electrification, Allahabad, Dhrubo Jyoti Sengupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17606375", "title": "Stolen iron rods worth Rs 10.5lakh recovered", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Police on Wednesday recovered a stolen trailer carrying iron rods worth Rs 10.5 lakh at Barhi Chowk in Jamshedpur and arrested four persons of an inter-state gang responsible for hijacking heavy vehicles on national highways in Bihar, Jharkhand and other states.The four persons were produced before the chief judicial magistrate, Hazaribag, on Thursday, who remanded them to jail.The Barhi police team, led by SDPO B K Sinha, found the Delhi-bound trailer at the crossing of NH-2 and NH-33, said SP Manoj Kaushik on Thursday.The trailer was stolen from Deochanda More by four armed men, who posed as regional passport officers and asked the driver to produce documents. They also assaulted the driver. Some passers-by informed Barhi police.\"Immediately after we got the information, we set up a check-post and arrested the gang and recovered the trailer and iron rods. Police have also seized two pistols and live cartridges from them,\" said Kaushik.The four - identified as Randhir Chowdhury, Prakash Kumar Das and Arvind Sao and (all from Raj Dhanwar police station of Giridih District and Guddu Kumar - of Sheikhpura District of Bihar had planned to sell the iron rods to a dealer in Bagodar in Giridih and the trailer in Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606743", "title": "Math brains arrive for Ramanujan meet", "text": "CHENNAI: Midnight Thursday, the three greatest authorities on the works of Srinivasa Ramanujan \u00e2\u20ac\u201dprofessors George Andrews, Richard Askey, and Bruce Berndt \u00e2\u20ac\u201d arrived in Chennai, only to be whisked off to Kumbakonam to join an international conference celebrating the late Indian mathematician's 125th birth anniversary.The conference, titled 'The Legacy of Ramanujan', is being held at Sastra University in Kumbakonam, the birthplace of Ramanujan, on December 14 and 15. Mathematicians who are specialists on Ramanujan's work from Austria and Australia will also be at the conference.Andrews, Askey and Berndt will be conferred with honorary doctorates from Sastra University for their work on Ramanujan. \"Professor Andrews is the world's premier authority in the theory of partitions and on several areas of Ramanujan's work such as the mock theta functions. His 1976 book 'The theory of partitions' is a bible in the field,\" says Krishnaswami Alladi, professor of mathematics, University of Florida, who helps Sastra organise maths conferences. In 1976, Andrews discovered Ramanujan's Lost Notebook at Trinity College in Cambridge University, UK, and has explained and expanded many of Ramanujan's identities from it.\"Professor Berndt holds the distinction of being known as Ramanujan's mathematical biographer, because he edited the original two notebooks of Ramanujan in five volumes,\" says Krishnaswami, whose book titled 'Ramanujan's place in the world of mathematics' will be released on December 15, as will a special volume of the Ramanujan journal.At the event, Professor Ken Ono from Emory University, Atlanta, US, will be speaking about a new development concerning Ramanujan's mock theta functions and its link with a new idea called quantum modularity, says Krishnaswami.The 2012 Sastra Ramanujan Prize Winner Zhiwei Yun of Stanford University gave a talk at a conference organised by the Ramanujan Mathematical Society in New Delhi, although he will receive his award only on December 22, Ramanujan's 125th birthday. According to Sastra vice-chancellor R Sethuraman, this is the first year that the Sastra prize will be presented outside of Kumbakonam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17606538", "title": "Three abducted persons released by NLFT militants", "text": "AGARTALA: Three persons, including two timber merchants, who were abducted by the outlawed National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) from neighbouring Mizoram's Mamit district have been freed following joint police action by the two neighbouring states, police said on Thursday.The two timber merchants - one from Assam and the other from Tripura - and their driver also from Tripura were kidnapped from Rajibnagar, about three km from the Tripura border by NLFT ultras on November 25 last.The three abducted persons after their release sought refuge at the border outpost (BOP) of BSF in Mizoram on Wednesday.They left for their homes on Thursday, police said. After the abduction of the three persons, Tripura finance minister Badal Chowdhury visited the bordering areas on November 28 and alleged that the NLFT insurgents were trying to use the soil of Mizoram ahead of the assembly elections in the state.\"The NLFT insurgents are trying to enter Tripura before the elections and the Mizoram government is not taking any step against them,\" Chowdhury had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606485", "title": "2 held for planning carjacking", "text": "GURGAON: Two persons who were planning to steal vehicles in Sector 5 late on Wednesday were arrested by the Gurgaon police's Crime Investigation Agency (CIA)- III (Palam Vihar). A country-made pistol and two live cartridges were recovered from them. The two were later produced in a city court which sent them to judicial custody.According to the police, a team from CIA-III (Palam Vihar) led by assistant sub-inspector Suresh Kumar, on a tip off that two persons were planning to rob people of their vehicles in Sector 5, conducted a raid and arrested the two around 7:30pm on Wednesday.The accused have been identified as Pardeep alias Filmy and Kashi, both residents of Gurgaon village, said a senior police officer. During interrogation, Pardeep told the cops that he was a history sheeter and involved in several crimes in the past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607027", "title": "Archbishop Madtha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s funeral tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: The funeral of Archbishop Ambrose Madtha, the Papal Nuncio to Ivory Coast, will be held on Saturday at his native parish, the Holy Redeemer Church, Belthangady. He died in a road accident in Ivory Coast on December 8 while travelling from D'Odienne Diocese. The body will arrive here around 10am on Friday from Ivory Coast.A special flight of the President of Ivory Coast Alassane Quattara will bring the body and it'll be accompanied by 11 senior officials. The Nuncio of India Archbishop Salvatore Pennacchio arrived here on Thursday and will be the representative of the Pope for the mass at Rosario Cathedral on Friday.The body will arrive in a special casket with a glass window through which the body could be viewed by the public, Aloysius Paul D'Souza, Bishop of Mangalore, said on Thursday. His body will be buried inside the Holy Redeemer Church after the funeral service on Saturday. The public will be allowed to pay homage here on Friday.The Pope and the secretary of state of the Vatican Cardinal Tarcisio Bartone sent condolence messages to the family of the late Archbishop Madtha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17607341", "title": "State promises 192 crore for city\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s drainage system", "text": "AURANGABAD: Principal secretary of urban development department Shrikant Singh has assured the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) that the state government will release funds worth Rs 192 crore for improving the city's drainage system. He was speaking at a meeting between civic officials and the state government in Nagpur on Thursday.Under the 'nagaruthhan' scheme of the urban development department, the state government will provide 50 % of the total project cost of Rs 384 crore to the civic body and the remaining 50 % will be arranged from a financial institution. Housing and Urban Development Corporation (HUDCO) has already given a green signal for the loan at the rate of 12 % per annum.Approvals from the state government and HUDCO have now paved way for the overhauling of the drainage and sewerage system in Aurangabad city. Leader of the house Raju Vaidya said the corporation would get the funds in the next two months and would begin work immediately. He said that the state government's share of funds as well as the loan from the financial institution would be released in one go, which would enable the corporation to complete the project within the time frame.\"The existing infrastructure is old and is overutilized by the growing population of the city. After completion of the project in one and half years, citizens will have a better drainage system,\" he said. There has been pressure on the civic body for its improvement, what with the increased population adding further strain on the existing infrastructure.The civic body has planned six new sewage treatment plants (STP). The sites have been identified. In addition, the project will comprise laying a network of a 550-km internal drainage line, along with the construction of a 55-km sewerage pipeline. Vaidya added that the civic body would utilise the existing STPs.Earlier, senior officials of the civic body had given a presentation on the drainage and sewerage system of the city. Mayor Kala Ojha, deputy mayor Sanjay Joshi, leader of the house Raju Vaidya, standing committee chairman Vikas Jain, municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar, and other senior officials were present. Member of Parliament Chandrakant Khaire, who played a vital role in availing the loan from HUDCO for the improvement of the city's drainage system, had recently announced the scheme on the 30th foundation day of the civic body on December 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "17607455", "title": "Coast guard rescues sinking boat in Devgad", "text": "KARWAR: A fishing boat which was sinking after its engine room got flooded in mid-sea was rescued by the Coast Guard on Wednesday. The boat reached the coast safely on Thursday. The incident took place on Wednesday about 29 nautical miles west of the Devgad island off Karwar coast. The Coast Guard ship, Sankalp, while on routine patrol responded to the VHF call raised by fishing boat Vijovin registered at Kanyakumari in Tamil Nadu. The boat had 13 crew members on board. The boat is 18 meters long and had left Kochi on November 30 for deep sea fishing with all documents in order.The fishermen reported uncontrollable ingress of sea water in their engine room. The boarding party from the Coast Guard vessel embarked and began de-flooding using portable submersible pumps as the observed ingress rate was approx 50-70 TPH.INS Kondul, a patrolling ship belonging to the Indian Navy off Karwar, also arrived to render support and divers from both the ships succeeded in temporarily plugging about a dozen holes in the keel area of the sinking boat. When water ingress was minimal, the boat made way to the nearest shore for necessary repairs. An unidentified boat which was in the vicinity, too, came to help the Coast Guard personnel and escorted the damaged boat as a goodwill gesture and later resumed fishing without demanding any recognition. This gesture by the unidentified boat deserves praise, Coast guard sources said.The boat had about 600 kg of fish, especially squids.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605494", "title": "4 men on bikes raid three shops at dawn, flee with 11 lakh in loot", "text": "MUMBAI: A gang of four armed robbers is suspected to have struck at a series of shops in the western suburbs early on Thursday. Robberies with similar modus operandi were reported at a jewellery store in Bandra, a sweetshop in Santa Cruz and a watch showroom in Andheri. CCTV cameras installed at two of the shops caught the men in action, but they wore helmets, which prevented their faces from being seen. No arrests have been made yet.Investigators said the robbers were on two motorbikes. Around 4.40 am, they arrived at Tara Jewellers, Waterfield Road, Bandra (West), and threatened the security guard with choppers. When the guard resisted, the robbers rained blows on him and managed to smash open the store's lock. But they accidentally switched on the alarm while trying to gain entry and fled.Around 5.15am, the gang landed at an outlet of Brijwasi Sweets on S V Road, Santa Cruz (West). They threatened the guard with choppers and assaulted him. This time they succeeded in gaining entry after smashing open the shutter, and made off with Rs 45,000. At 6am, the gang reached the watch showroom World Time, S V Road, Andheri (West). Again they threatened the guard with choppers and verbally abused him. Three robbers entered the store while the fourth was outside, pinning down the guard, Ranjeet Thakur (22). The three were inside the shop till 6.25am; after taking 255 wristwatches worth Rs 10 lakh and Rs 12,000 in cash, they fled.\"We have scanned CCTV footage at World Time, but neither the faces of the accused nor the registration numbers of the bikes can be seen,\" said an officer from the Juhu police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17606177", "title": "25 web pages that sparked tension blocked", "text": "The cyber cell of Mumbai police on Thursday blocked around 25 pages of a social networking site that had objectionable content which sparked tension in Kandivli and Malwani since the past two days. The links were posted on the profile of a Jaipur-based teacher by a hacker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606124", "title": "Ex-Stephanians to give alumni award", "text": "NEW DELHI: St Stephen's College Alumni Foundation has instituted CF Andrews Distinguished Alumnus Awards to honour \"exemplary accomplishments\" of the college alumni.The awards are going to be conferred on for the first time on Saturday as part of the annual reunion. Dr SY Quraishi, former chief election commissioner; Kapil Sibal , Union minister for communication and IT; Salman Khurshid , foreign minister; Shashi Tharoor , minister of state, HRD; author Amitav Ghosh; former union minister Arun Shourie; Ashish Bahuguna, secretary, agriculture ministry; Ashwani Kumar, minister of law and justice; and Ajit Kumar Seth, cabinet secretary; will be among the awardees.Association of Old Stephenians slammed the move , calling it at an attempt to appease people in the government. After the lukewarm response of the alumni at the reunion lunch on December 9 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d attended by around 130 members \u00e2\u20ac\u201d \"Valson Thampu is desperate to impress the Church by hoping to organize a congregation of VVIPs for cocktails and dinner on the lawns of the College House\"! said a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606016", "title": "UPCC gets ready to host mega meet, clear air over FDI in retail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Following a diktat from the All India Congress Committee to prepare the ground for early Lok Sabha polls, the state unit of the Congress is gearing up to host a mega rally to spread the good word about FDI in multi-brand retail. The rally, which will be held on December 30, within days of the meet in Lucknow on December 26, will set the stage for state level leaders to clear the air on FDI, apart from making this a platform to talk about other centrally-funded development schemes in the state.President UP Congress Committee, Nirmal Khatri, said, \"We have received directives from the AICC to organise a delegate meet and a rally to create awareness about the benefits of FDI and other UPA government-run schemes.\" Though the venue for the rally has still not been decided, Khatri said the party is likely to finalise a location from among Kanpur, Gorakhpur and Mathura. A decision in this regard, he said, is expected soon.With difficult allies threatening to pull the rug from under the feet of the ruling UPA, the Congress is also looking at a large scale overhaul of its party structure. Earlier this year, UPCC was divided into eight zones for a more detailed management of constituency-wise affairs; now, Khatri has also instructed all zonal presidents and vice presidents to tour their parliamentary constituencies on foot, to get a better sense of the ground-level situation. Expected to continue until January 30, Khatri will himself monitor the party's activities in 25 districts of the state; the remaining 50 districts of UP will be divided equally between zonal presidents and vice-presidents.One such zonal president and Congress MLA from Banda, Vivek Kumar Singh, said, \"For the Congress party, the problem is not in finding workers. We have supporters in the every village and booth. The real challenge is to find and promote the right leaders who have worked for the party over the years.\"Uttar Pradesh's 80 Lok Sabha seats play a crucial role in deciding the fate of the party at the Centre. Strengthening the party ahead of the polls, is, therefore, crucial for the Congress. To take stock of the zonal set up, Khatri will also meet all zonal presidents in New Delhi between December 14 and 15 -a meeting Congress General Secretary Rahul Gandhi is tipped to be keen to attend-where the state leadership is expected to finalise names of district, city and block level leadership.In what is another indication of Congress gearing up for early polls, central observers who were deputed to UP to prepare a list of the party's Lok Sabha probable are expected to turn in their reports to the party high command by mid December. A senior Congress leader, said, \"Many observers have already finished their tours and returned to Delhi. The compiled reports and a final announcement of who the party's candidates for Lok Sabha 2014 are, however, will be announced by the party high command.\" Though there is no official word on the candidature yet, sources in the party said former UPCC president Rita Bahuguna Joshi and former CLP leader Pramod Tiwari are prominent leaders likely to be given Lok Sabha tickets. A few other sitting MLAs are also likely to be considered for candidature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606294", "title": "Yemul murder case: Savant appointed special prosecutor", "text": "PUNE: The state law and judiciary department, Mumbai, has appointed criminal lawyer Vijay Savant as special public prosecutor to represent the state government for contesting the appeals filed by the convicts in the murder case of Dattatraya Peranna Yemul (55) in the Bombay high court.The Pune court had sentenced a nurse, Anita, alias Meena Rajendra Khandabale (34) and Ajay Anant Ghag (30) both residents of Bibvewadi to life imprisonment in the murder case on January 20, 2012. The duo was further sentenced to 10 years rigorous imprisonment on two counts for entering into criminal conspiracy and robbery.The accused have filed appeals challenging their convictions in the high court which will soon come up for final hearing.Yemul a resident of Kotwal Residency in Narayan Peth was found dead at Taljai Hill on March 9, 2008. His face was brutally disfigured, fingers chopped off and there were severe injury marks on the neck. Besides gold ornaments and other valuables, a substantial amount of cash was found missing. Savant was the prosecutor in the murder case in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17607279", "title": "DBS college organizes lecture series on \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcInorganic Compunds\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "KANPUR: Affiliated to Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, the department of Chemistry, DBS College organised a lecture series on 'Inorganic Compounds' in the college campus on Thursday.Senior scientist, Defence Materials Research &amp; Development Establishment ( DMSRDE), Dr SK Tripathi delivered a lecture on 'Inorganic Compounds'.He said inorganic compounds are uniquely suited to the production of materials with all defined characteristics and advanced design. He said materials such as cadmium become conducting on exposure to infrared light and is used in night vision devices.Dr SK Srivastava, another speaker and a senior scientist said according to WHO, 75% of people still rely on plant-based traditional medicines for primary healthcare. Over the last century, a number of top selling drugs have been developed from natural products. He further explained that natural products will continue to be considered as one of the major sources of new drugs in the years to come because they offer incomparable structural diversity.Many of them are relatively small and they have 'drug-like' properties. Only a small fraction of the world's diversity has been explored for bioactivity.Dr Srivastava further told that modern chromatography techniques include High Performance Thin-Layer Chromatography, Vaccum Liquid Chromatography, Droplet Counter Current Chromatography to name a few. He added that by using these techniques 90-95% results are achieved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17607992", "title": "Mumbai museums: On the revival path", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's three big museums -- Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Vastu Sangrahalaya (CSMVS), formerly known as Prince of Wales Museum of Western India, National Gallery of Modern Art (NGMA) and Dr Bhau Daji Lad Museum (BDLM) -- tell a different story each.While the first two are public museums, the Bhau Daji Lad Museum, the oldest in the city, is the result of a unique public-private partnership involving the Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai, the Jamnalal Bajaj Foundation and Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage.Following its restoration, BDLM, under the guidance of director Tasneem Zakaria Mehta, set the pace for the revival of museums in Mumbai. Today, in addition to the museum's collection which highlights the history and culture of the city, it also showcases contemporary art. It is fast emerging as the one-point collaborator for visiting international acts, such as the BMW Guggenheim Lab.CSMVS, too, has upped the ante and is constantly rolling out new projects, mentored mostly by Sabyasachi Mukherjee, director general of the museum.Mummy: The Inside Story is the latest in its line of achievements. The recently inaugurated exhibition is the result of a landmark collaboration between The British Museum and CSMVS. \"We're keen on outreach programmes. Reaching out to the community and getting them involved is top priority for us,\" says Mukherjee.Across the road from CSMVS lies the unapologetically moribund NGMA. Remote-controlled by Delhi-based bureaucrat Rajeev Lochan, the museum is mired in petty politics that have thus far prevented it from acquiring a local director and a vibrant ethos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "sanand", "code": "17607736", "title": "Cop, BSF commander squabble in Sanand", "text": "SANAND: Workers of political parties clashing is not uncommon during voting but Sanand witnessed a different drama on the polling day. A senior IPS officer posted in Ahmedabad rural and a BSF commander were engaged in a verbal brawl at Sanskar Vidhyalaya polling booth. The bone of contention was BSF men denying Congress candidate from Sanand, Karamshi Koli, entry into a polling booth.BSF officials stopped Koli from entering the booth on the ground that it would disturb the voters. When Koli resisted, BSF officials tried to push him out. Police officials objected to this and said that only the election presiding officer can deny entry to a candidate.The situation turned tense when Koli's supporters, senior police officials and BSF personnel started a heated argument. While Koli was quick to leave the booth, the BSF commander and IPS officer pointed fingers at each other over handling the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610489", "title": "David: Neil knocked out of Tamil version", "text": "There is some disappointment in store for Neil Nitin Mukesh. Bejoy Nambiar's Hindi-Tamil bi-lingual David which was to feature Neil in both the languages would now have the actor only in Hindi.Says a source, \" There are three stories in David , one set in London in 1975 in black-and-white featuring Neil as a gangster.The second story features the Speedy Singhs actor Vinay Virmani in Hindi and Jeeva in Tamil as the respective protagonists of a plot set in Mumbai in 1999. And the third is a story set in Goa in 2010 featuring Tamil superstar Vikram with Tabu in both Hindi and Tamil. The Neil section was supposed to be common to both Hindi and Tamil. But now Neil's section has been scrapped from the Tamil version.\"Bejoy Nambiar doesn't deny these developments. \"It's true a decision has been taken to scrap Neil's story from the Tamil version of David . Now the Tamil version of the film is shorter than the Hindi version. While the Hindi version would finally be approximately 2 hours and 30 minutes long the Tamil version is only 2 hours and 10 minutes long.\"Explaining the \"creative decision\" to keep Neil out in Tamil Bejoy says, \"Neil was really looking forward to his Tamil debut and he had worked hard on it. He has been a pillar of strength throughout the making of the film. But it can't be helped. Ther are certain practical considerations . Now only the stories featuring Vikram and Jeeva are part of the Tamil version. Rather than think that Neil has been kept out of the Tamil version I'd rather think Neil is exclusive to the Hindi version.\"Tatking the knock-off sportingly on his chin Neil Nitin Mukesh says, \"David is a sync-sound film. We had two options. Either I dub later in Tamil and thereby kill some of the impact of the original dialogues, or we edit my story out of the Tamil version. It was a creative decision taken by my producers, my director and me to edit out my story from the Tamil. So while the Tamil version would have 2 stories featuring Vikram and Jeeva, the Hindi version will have Vikram, Vinay Virmani and I in three stories. I am so looking forward to David . Bejoy Nambiar is a bloody incredible director. I consider him the Quentin Tarantino of our cinema.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607315", "title": "Heart transplant gives Vizag a shot in the arm", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Vizag is now placed among cities in the country performing heart transplant surgeries after a successful cardiac transplant was conducted on a 28-year-old patient recently. So far heart transplants have been done in Delhi, Hyderabad, Bangalore, Kochi and Chennai and now Vizag is the sixth city to achieve this high-tech medical feat.On December 4, the heart from a 28-year-old brain dead accident victim Nagu Babu, was transplanted into Mohammed Rafi, also 28, from Tadipatri in Anantapur who was suffering from end-stage heart failure. The patient was flown to Vizag for the transplant at Care Hospital.Cardiothoracic surgeon P V Satyanarayana, who conducted the transplant along with a team of surgeons and doctors from other specialties, said, \"The transplant was possible after a series of legal and technical steps. These included certification by two independent neurologists about the brain death, counselling of relatives of the brain dead person for organ donation. The third step was identification of the ideal recipient. Various tests of suitability were conducted, which included ABO group selection, tissue matching and lymphocyte matching to rule out rejection and clinical examination of the donor's heart. The entire procedure took four and a half hours,\" said the surgeon.Besides the heart itself, 8-10 units of fresh blood, platelets and other blood components, cardio-plegic solutions to protect the heart and immuno-suppressive drugs to prevent rejection of the new heart were used. Post-operative monitoring and follow-ups are also being done. The patient is recovering and will be discharged in a couple of days, added Satyanarayana. According to the hospital, the entire procedure was done free of cost.In India, around 15 lakh people suffer from end-stage heart failure and so far since the first cardiac transplant in New Delhi in 1994, 118 patients have undergone heart transplants, said doctors.The medical team, which successfully conducted the cardiac transplant included cardio-thoracic surgeon Karunakara Padhy, G Ram Subramanyam, K Hemanth, M Kishan and SBR Narasimham. The anaesthesia team comprised Ravi Chandrahas, Anooradha and Ravikumar while Kalyan Chakravarthy monitored the immuno-suppressive drugs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606345", "title": "Electrification of Pune-Daund railway route to start today", "text": "PUNE: The much-awaited electrification work on the Pune-Daund-Bhigvan railway route will finally start when general manager of Central Railway Subodh Jain formally inaugurates the project at Loni station on Friday. The railway administration plans to complete the work over the next two-and-a-half years.The electrification will help run electrical multiple unit (EMU) rakes on the Lonavla-Pune-Daund section, which would come as a huge relief to the thousands of commuters on this stretch who otherwise use long distance or passenger trains. It's a daily struggle for these commuters as these trains do not stop at small stations.The electrification work of Lonavla-Pune section was completed during the British rule. While the electrification of Pune-Daund-Bhigvan section was approved five years back, it could not start for lack of funds and completion of other technical formalities regarding approval of loan.The Pune-Daund-Bhigvan route is part of the Pune-Solapur rail link. Railway officials said here on Thursday that the project includes electrification on a section of 104 km. While the Pune-Daund section is 76 kilometers long, Daund-Bhigvan section is 28 km long. The total cost of the project, which is funded by the Asian Development Bank , is Rs 161.90 crore.The project will be implemented by state-run enterprise -- Rail Vikas Nigam Limited (RVNL). The process of issuing tenders for various works under the project has already been started.The rail route electrification on this section is expected to give a major boost to the improvement of railway services in Pune region. There was an increasing demand from the industrial sector as well as from local citizens for electrification of Pune-Daund section. Even the Central railway authorities had said that the electrification of the route was top priority for railways.The railway authorities said that besides starting suburban local trains on Lonavla-Pune-Daund route, the electrification would also help reduce congestion in Pune station. The authorities said, \"In the present situation, when a long distance train reaches Pune station, we replace its electric engine with diesel engines as the Pune-Daund track is still not electrified. We will not have to do this exercise after the electrification of the route. This will save time and effort.\" Almost all long distance trains that travel to destinations in southern and northern directions run via Pune-Daund rail route.According to the railway administration, around 15,000 to 20,000 commuters travel on Pune-Daund section every day. The administration runs about 20 passenger trains on this route. In addition to these passenger trains, commuters also travel in long distance trains up to Daund. The major halts on this route include Hadapsar, Loni, Uruli, Yevat, Kedgaon, and Patas. Commuters have been demanding more dedicated trains on Pune-Daund section as long distance trains are full most of the time and do not halt at smaller stations.Sachin Bhujbal, a resident of Hadapsar said that there is a necessity to strengthen rail network on Pune-Daund section. He pointed that new townships and residential projects are coming up in villages like Loni, Hadapsar, Uruli in a big way. Rail network would play major role to connect these villages to bigger cities like Pune and Daund. Most people travel in their own vehicles as they find the present rail network weak and they can shift to rail travel, if the administration provides good rail infrastructure, said Bhujbal.The Pune-Daund-Wadi-Guntkal electrification work received a major boost in the 2009-10 railway budget, when additional fund was sanctioned. The plan includes two major works -electrification of the Pune-Daund-Bhigwan rail route and doubling of Bhigvan-Guntkal route, which would be completed at an estimated cost of Rs 1,437 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606521", "title": "IIM-Ranchi pact on HR studies", "text": "RANCHI: A memorandum of understanding was signed between IIM-Ranchi and National Human Resource Development Network (NHRD) on Wednesday with an aim to develop understanding of business, society and environment among HR managers through case studies and projects.Director of IIM-R M J Xavier said, \"The tie-up will expose our students to best people in the field of human resource management and our students will get a chance to learn much more about the field through practical experience which will in turn help in their overall development.\" He added, \"IIM-R is the only institute among other IIMs to start a full-fledged course on human resource management. Earlier, the field of HR management was not considered very important but today it has become a very important part to make or break any organization.\"NHRD national president S Y Siddiqui said, \"The students and professors will get an access to all the HR managers registered with NHRD around the globe which will help the students groom themselves.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17607845", "title": "Thangadh killings: Relatives move HC against inaction", "text": "TIMES NEWS NETWORKAHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Thursday sought explanation from the DGP and state home department secretary about alleged inaction in the Thangadh dalit killings and also why the probe should not be handed over to the CBI. Acting on a plea by the father of one of the three victims, Amarshibhai Sumra, Justice K M Thaker issued notice asking the authorities to reply by December 21.Three dalit youths - Mehul Rathod (17), Pankaj Sumra (16) and Prakash Parmar (26) were killed in Thangadh town on September 22. Four policemen , PSIs K P Jadeja and Bharatsinh Solanki, head constable Nathubha Rana and constable Yogesh Gadhvi have been charged with murder after it was revealed during the probe that they fired with their AK 47 on a mob without being attacked. Appearing for the petitioner, advocate Mukul Sinha submitted that innocent victims of the dalit community were brutally shot dead by cops and a false case of resorting to firing in self-defence was fabricated by the accused.It was also submitted that though arrest warrants were issued against all four policemen, they have not been arrested for more than a month now. He has alleged that the main culprit, Jadeja, who opened fire first, has been sheltered by a member of parliament.After ordering CID (crime) to probe this incident, the Gujarat government announced Rs 2 lakh compensation each to the family members of the deceased. These measures by the authorities failed to quell the anger of the dalit community, and protest meetings were organized across the state.The police defended themselves saying they tried to follow police manual, but people claim that bullets were fired on protestors who were demanding registration of FIR against some Bharwad youths that had allegedly thrashed a dalit youth. The incident enraged members of the community, who even refused to accept the dead bodies until two ministers Fakirbhai Vaghela and Ramanlal Vora rushed to the hospital and promised action against the police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606055", "title": "Speeding car hits cops at barricade", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four policemen and a home guard were hit by a car near Akshardham Temple in the early hours of Thursday. The Chevrolet Aveo driven by Vaishali (Ghaziabad) resident Sunil Sharma (27) first hit a barricade, then some patrol bikes and finally the personnel. Police said Sharma, who works at a Gurgaon pub, was drunk at the time and has been arrested.The injured personnel \u00e2\u20ac\u201d head constables Sunder Lal and Manoj, constables Sheeshpal and Avnish and home guard Saheb Singh \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were part of an eight-man team positioned on a tip-off about some gangsters taking the NH24 route. Three barricades were put in place in 'S' configuration near the Ranney Well bus stand.Sunder Lal reported that the Aveo (DL 2C Q 0058) came up from the Nizamuddin side and hit them, the barricades and their motorcycles. \"The driver was driving rashly in a zig-zag manner and was at a very high speed,\" he stated.\"The car first hit the barricade on the right, which flew and fell around 30 metres away. It then turned left where we were standing. We tried to escape but were hit as it swerved to the right, hit three bikes and ultimately drove up the footpath and stalled. Some of the personnel came under its wheels while some got hit and thrown off. Two of us got dragged to some distance,\" said a policeman who witnessed the accident.One of the cops, Manoj, who had minor injuries, overpowered the driver. He informed the PCR and police vans rushed the injured to Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital. Constable Avnish sustained serious injuries and was referred to GTB Hospital with a fracture in the spine. He was later admitted to a private hospital. Home guard Saheb Singh was hurt in the leg.A case of causing hurt and rash driving, under sections 337 and 279 of IPC, was registered and the accused was taken for medical examination. His alcometer reading came to 98, much beyond the acceptable limit. He was later produced in court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607832", "title": "10 years on, CCET gets student council", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Almost 10 years after the establishment of Chandigarh College of Engineering and Technology (CCET) in 2002, an official students' council has been inducted for the only professional college in Chandigarh.This comes as a respite for CCET students, who had been repeatedly agitating to press their demands including better placements, convocation, annual day and other college fests. In that context, students take the move as \"historic.\"After students protested in October 2012, elections were conducted for the post of president, vice- president, general secretary and joint secretary last month. A notice announcing the names of final year student Vikas Singla as president, third year student Dhriti Ahluwalia as general secretary, third year student Tarun Garg as vice-president and second year student Ankit Singla as joint secretary was put up.With students and college authorities fighting it out over the issue in the past, officials in the UT administration said this would narrow down the gulf between the two. \"This is a new college and it takes time to make the system more efficient in any new college. A student council will help to improve things,\" V K Singh, education secretary, UT administration said.Needless to say, students are pretty excited at being represented. \"Students across four streams and first to fourth year classes selected their representatives first. Thereafter, 32 representatives selected four council members,\" Vikas said.Dhriti, the general secretary said the council would help ease problems students faced. \"There are certain systems, such as attendance, which can be simplified. Having a students' council will make it easier,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17607274", "title": "Baby boy stolen from hospital", "text": "KANPUR: A month old baby boy was stolen from Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital where his mother had brought him for routine vaccination on Thursday. The parents of the baby have accused their neighbor of being involved in the theft.Sadhana, wife of Amar Singh, a resident of Kalyanpur had came the hospital affiliated with Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College on Thursday morning accompanied by, and at the insistence of her neighbor. As the queue for the child vaccination was very long, the mother sat down at a bench in the hospital and waited for her turn. A woman soon came up to her and offered to help.\"She said she knew a hospital employee and will get my son vaccinated soon. My neighbor also said that he is getting late, so I handed over my son to that woman. For the first few minutes, she remained near me. But then, as I looked away for a few seconds, she just disappeared,\" said Sadhna.She said she waited for some time, thinking that the woman may have entered the vaccination room. \"After half an hour, I went inside the room to enquire about my son. But she was not inside as well. I searched for both of them at every nook and corner of the hospital, but they were not there,\" said the wailing mother.According to Amar Singh, the father of the baby, his neighbors advised to take their son for vaccination to 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital even though he wasn't very keen on going there.\"The woman who has stolen my baby was there in the tempo with me in which I came to the hospital. She was speaking to my neighbor. It was evident that they know each other. I am sure my neighbours are involved in this incident,\" Sadhna added.When Sadhna started crying in the hospital, her neighbour, who had taken her to hospital, left. The hospital authorities then called Swaroop Nagar police who have registered a complaint against the brother and sister living as neighbors of Sadhna. \"The couple have pointed a finger towards their neighbours. They have also lodged an FIR. The investigation is on,\" informed SO Swaroop Nagar.Babies have been stolen from Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' hospital earlier too. Including Thursday's incident, as many as five babies were stolen from this hospital this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607273", "title": "'Guests' who steal family jewels from wedding venues", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Young men mingling with the wedding crowd, mistaken because of their smart appearance by the groom's and bride's family for someone from the other side, often happen to be more than just gate-crashers in for a free meal-they are thieves who make good with cash and jewellery before or by the time the loss is noticed.A number of cases have been reported to the police in which jewellery worth lakhs of rupees was whisked away by members of these gangs striking at wedding parties where cash changes hands and guests turn up in their most expensive ornaments. The gang members appear educated and polished who blend into the crowd easily and it is hard to imagine they could be involved in such a nefarious act.S K Khera, a resident of Naini, lodged an FIR with Civil Lines police station against unidentified persons accusing them of stealing jewellery purchased for the ring ceremony of his daughter at a local marriage hall in his neighbourhood. He suspected an adolescent who was trying to mix up with families of the both sides and was even sitting with them on the main platform.\"We thought the boy might be from the to groom's side,\" said Khera, adding, \"After the incident, when we inquired from the groom's family about the adolescent, they said they thought he belonged to our family\".Khera said, \"The boy was sitting quietly and observing everything minutely. We were shocked to know that such boys are being trained by gangs who strike during marriage ceremonies and escape with the booty.\" He said the accused could be identified from the still and video footage of the ceremony.This was not a sole incident as similar was reported from a marriage hall in Rambagh, where four young men were caught in their bid to escape from the venue with valuables they had stolen.Amar Nath Yadav inspector Civil Lines said \"After carrying out investigations, it came to light that gangs are operating in an organised way at wedding venues and efforts are being made to bust their network.\" He added that such gangs leave the spot immediately with intention to dodge police and they had asked for assistance from police in neighbouring districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606800", "title": "23 hurt in two road accidents", "text": "CHENNAI: Twenty three people were injured in two separate accidents at Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram district on Thursday. In the first accident eight people, including five women, employees of a private company near Kancheepuram had a miraculous escape, when the factory bus in which they were traveling had a head-on collision with a sand-laden lorry near Devirapakam in Oragadam on Thursday morning. The injured were rushed to Chengalpet General Hospital and are recovering.In the second accident fourteen women were injured near Periyapalayam and a lorry driver's leg was fractured when the mini lorry carrying pilgrims from the Veeraghava Temple was returning to Arani and collided with a goods lorry bound for Andhra Pradesh from Chennai. The incident occurred at 4.30am, the injured were admitted to the Government Hospital in Thiruvallur and are out of danger. The police are on the lookout for the lorry driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605630", "title": "Nod for 25% quota in private varsities bill", "text": "NAGPUR: The state cabinet on Thursday approved a 25% caste and socio-economic quota in the Private Universities Bill. The bill, which is being introduced for encouraging private players to set up universities in Maharashtra, will now be forwarded to both the Houses for approval.Later, the government will invite applications from interested parties. The draft quota policy in the Private Universities Bill or the Maharashtra Self-Financed Universities (Establishment &amp; Regulation) Bill faced reluctance from some members of the cabinet, who felt it would discourage private players to set shop in Maharashtra.The original draft had proposed a quota of 52% but the cabinet felt the state must begin 25% reservations for minorities and backward castes. The original draft had sought to allow self-financed universities to put in place their own reservation policy according to students' caste and economic condition, recommending 'affirmative action'. But the cabinet approved final draft makes it mandatory. The players will have to fulfil certain criteria, such the land and finance available with them for getting approval. The bill was approved by the cabinet in 2011 but was pending with the governor for his approval.Later several delegations met the governor with a request that reservations be made to maintain social balance in private varsities.The bill was sent back to the cabinet by the governor. \"As it is we don't have reservations in deemed universities for the socially backward classes. There is a view that we must take these steps being a progressive state,\" said a minister. Currently, 18 states have allowed private players to set up varsities. The draft bill states admissions must be allowed to meritorious. It aims to expedite the process of reforms in higher education , members said. \"Across the country, over a 100 private universities have already set shop,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606235", "title": "SC tells CBI to take disproportionate assets probe against Mulayam, sons to logical end", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday turned down Mulayam Singh Yadav's plea to end CBI's long and meandering probe into his family's alleged disproportionate assets, although it handed the Samajwadi patriarch a consolation by dropping the probe against his daughter-in-law, Dimple.The order, which came after an agonizing wait of nearly two long years while the court kept it \"reserved\", should disappoint Mulayam and his two sons -- UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Prateek.The SP chief had cited the Supreme Court's refusal to order a CBI probe into alleged disproportionate assets of another Yadav chieftain, Lalu Prasad, to make the plea that the apex court should get the central investigating agency off his family's back.The court heard the matter for nearly four years before \"reserving\" its verdict on February 17 last year. A bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice H L Dattu said the apex court's order passed five years ago directing the CBI to inquire into the PIL petitioner's allegations was \"neither irregular nor out of jurisdiction\".The CBI probe has been seen by many as the chief reason why Mulayam, despite his political hostility towards Congress, has been constrained to come to UPA's assistance; for instance over the nuclear deal with the US, the election of Pranab Mukherjee as president and, most recently, the parliamentary vote over FDI in retail.The perception has been strengthened by CBI's flip-flops in the case, with the agency appearing to have strengthened or diluted its stand to synchronize it with Mulayam's political posture towards the Centre.Pronouncing the verdict on behalf of the bench, the CJI said that the March 1, 2007 order empowering the Centre to determine the course of CBI's probe was an error. In its 2007 order, the court had directed the agency to submit the investigation report to the Centre.On Thursday, the bench said, \"The CBI functioning under the Delhi Police Special Establishment Act has no obligation to submit its investigation report to the Union government.\" The two judges further said that neither the DPSE Act, which governs the CBI, nor the agency's manual required it to submit its investigation report to the Centre.However, this can provide little comfort to Mulayam who has protested the 2007 order alleging that the PIL accusing him of having illegal assets was filed by a Congressman, Vishwanath Chaturvedi.It declined to grant any relief to the Samajwadi Party chief and his family, except Akhilesh's wife and MP Dimple Yadav, who had sought reconsideration of the Supreme Court's March 1, 2007 order directing CBI probe into the alleged disproportionate assets of the Yadav family listed in a PIL by Chaturvedi.The CBI's flip-flop had not escaped the court's notice during the hearings on the review petitions by Mulayam, filed through advocate Gaurav Bhatia, and it had once remarked, \"We do not want the CBI to become an instrument of the Centre.\"This remark had come on an application filed by the CBI seeking to withdraw its earlier application, in which it had taken a high moral stand that it was an independent agency wanting to prosecute Mulayam and his kin in accordance with law and without any governmental interference.Thursday's direction from the bench of Justices Kabir and Dattu to the CBI not to take any direction from the Union government on the issue of investigation into the disproportionate assets of the Yadavs had found echo earlier. It had said, \"The CBI should not be fettered in any way and it should not be asked to submit its probe report to the Centre for further action.\"These comments had come during the hearing on the review petitions on January 6, 2009. On that day, when it was pointed out that the earlier judgment given by a bench headed by Justice A R Lakshamanan, who retired soon after pronouncing the judgment and went on to head the Law Commission of India, had directed the CBI to submit its report to the Union government, the court had no hesitation to concede that it had made a mistake by giving that order.The CBI had moved the SC with an application on October 26, 2007, saying \"in the matter of registration of a case, the CBI does not make a reference either to the central government or the state government\".By expressing its desire to place the status report of the probe before the SC rather than the Centre, the CBI attempted to drive home a point that it did not take orders from political masters in matters of investigation.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605036", "title": "LPG to replace firewood for midday meals", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Odisha is planning to replace firewood with cooking gas as fuel to cook midday meals (MDM) in schools. Shortage of firewood and its environmental impact are being cited as reasons behind the proposed change.Confirming the move, director elementary education Sukadeba Dash said the state has requested the Centre to enhance its share on cooking cost, because LPG will be costlier than firewood. \"Since LPG will increase the food making cost, the Central government has to increase its allocation,\" he said.Sources said Odisha is planning to raise the issue of LPG for MDM during the December 29 meeting of National Development Council (NDC), the statutory advisory body for the country's planning commission, and is presided over by the Prime Minister, at New Delhi.As per the understanding, the Centre should give 75% of the cooking cost while the state should bear the rest. According to government figures, the cooking cost in states is Rs 3.45 per primary student and Rs 5.15 per upper primary student. However, the Centre is giving Rs 2.17 and Rs 3.25 respectively for the two categories, effectively making the Centre-state share a ratio of 63:37.Sources estimate the cooking cost will become nearly double once the schools change to cooking gas. Besides extra recurring expenditure, the schools would need one-time investment on gas connections and other cooking paraphernalia.Under the centrally sponsored MDM scheme, which is aimed at enhancing enrolment, retention and attendance in schools, the state has been providing cooked meals in around 60,000 schools to over 5.7 million students. Currently, over 98% schools are depending on firewood. Some of the schools which were using LPG have also reverted to firewood after the recent hike in LPG cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17606342", "title": "Rs 1.5L mangalsutra stolen from Chicalim temple", "text": "VASCO: A mangalsutra worth 1.50 lakh has been stolen from the neck of the statue of Goddess Satteri from the Shree Navshiv Satteri Sansthan at 6:45am on Thursday at Chicalim.A source at the Vasco police said, \"Early morning when the bhat of the temple had gone out to get some items to perform pooja, the incident took place.\"Hari Gawde, complainant and president of the Shree Navshiv Satteri Sansthan, said that the bhat, Shriram Laxman Mhaiskar went out to get some items used in performing pooja when the theft occurred.Police said, \"The security guard had gone back to his room after Mhaiskar took charge, and only one devotee was seen near the temple during the absence of the bhat.\"When Mhaiskar returned after half-an-hour he noticed that, a mangalsutra from the neck of the statue of Goddess Satteri was missing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606038", "title": "Afzal Guru casts shadow over Parliament attack commemoration", "text": "NEW DELHI: The solemn occasion of the eleventh anniversary of the Parliament attack degenerated into chaos and bedlam in the Lok Sabha within minutes of the House assembling, reducing the sombre day into an ordinary one.The Lok Sabha was disrupted repeatedly with BJP members demanding the hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru and BSP creating a ruckus on the coal block allocation scam. This was the second day this week when the House functioned sporadically.Speaker Meira Kumar expressed concern over disruptions, saying 13 people did not lay down their lives for this during the attack on Parliament 11 years back.Soon after the House paid homage to martyrs of the 2001 attack, BJP members led by Shahnawaz Hussain started raising slogans demanding immediate hanging of Guru. BJP and Shiv Sena members trooped to the well shouting slogans 'Afzal Guru ko phaansi do' (hang Afzal Guru).\"Why is the government not hanging Afzal Guru. Why is the government helpless in carrying out the death sentence,\" Hussain asked.Amid the melee, BSP members also rushed to the well raising the issue of coal block allocation.As the uproar continued, an anguished Speaker said, \"Eleven years ago, on this day, 13 people had sacrificed their lives. They did not sacrifice their lives for this. I will not adjourn the House.\"The Speaker went ahead with question hour despite the uproar and rural development minister Jairam Ramesh answered supplementary questions on the rural jobs scheme.SP members were also seen in the well demanding action against the agitating BSP members.Amid the uproar, the Speaker first adjourned the House till 11:30 am and then till noon. The House met briefly at noon and was adjourned till 2 pm.Speaking to reporters outside of the House, leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj said, \"Real tribute would be only if the home minister assures the House today that we have paid tributes to the martyrs but their families and country will get relief only when he (Guru) is hanged.\"She added, \"One question is still unanswered that the attacker who has been twice or thrice sentenced to death by the Supreme Court, why has he not been hanged so far.\"Minister of state for home R P N Singh criticized Swaraj for making the demand, saying the occasion should not be politicized.\"We have just paid tributes to those martyrs. I think it is extremely unfortunate that the moment we get away from there, we get into politics... I think to politicize this thing on every December 13 is not paying real homage to martyrs of this country,\" he said.Singh said matters related to hanging convicts were not dealt by Parliament and were handled by the courts.\"There is a process that has been explained by home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde. He has said the file is lying with him and he will look at it and make notings after the Parliament session,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605010", "title": "Government concedes 'chronic' regional imbalances", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Under attack from the opposition for 'perpetrating' backwardness in certain parts of Odisha, the state government on Thursday admitted that regional imbalance was 'deep rooted' and 'chronic' while accusing the Centre of not extending adequate help to overcome the problem.\"Due to several economic, social and institutional obstacles, all regions in Odisha have not shared the gains of development in an equitable manner. There have been acute regional, social and gender disparities,\" said planning and coordination minister Maheswar Mohanty, responding to opposition charges that the ruling BJD is responsible for 'increasing' regional imbalance.During a debate in the state assembly, Mohanty rubbished the opposition charges and highlighted nine key initiatives including Biju KBK Plan, Biju Kandhamal 'O' Gajapati Yojana, Backward Regions Grant Fund, Integrated Action Plan and Western Odisha Development Council that are aimed at accelerating development in backward areas.\"Most of these initiatives have been funded by the state government out of its own resources as the government of India has not been adequately funding some of these programmes,\" the minister said.Mohanty admitted that the problem of regional imbalance is very deep rooted and chronic but insisted there has been a considerable reduction during the BJD regime. \"The state has registered a very high growth close to nine per cent per annum during the 10th and 11th Plans in real terms at 2004-05 prices. Such a high growth was never achieved by Odisha since 1952,\" he said.The opposition Congress and the BJP pooh-poohed the government version, saying backwardness has grown in the western parts of the state as well as KBK region. \"The state government is not able to spend central aid to speed up development,\" Jharsuguda MLA Nabakishore Das (Cong) said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608115", "title": "Class I student beaten up for poor performance in exam", "text": "HYDERABAD: Another case of corporal punishment was reported at a school in Narsingi on Wednesday. A Class I student of Brilliant e-Techno School, Narsingi , was reportedly beaten black and blue by his teacher for poor performance in a recent exam . The agitated parents staged a dharna in front of the school on Thursday.Cyberabad police said Sai Pranav was hit on his back by his teacher Roma on Wednesday. When his parents came to know about the red cane marks in the evening, they rushed to question the school authorities, but by then the institution was closed for the day.On Thursday morning, the parents landed at the school and picked up an argument with the management and demanded action against Roma. Sai Pranav, who also accompanied his parents to the school, displayed the injuries he had suffered to the school management and media personnel .\"Teacher Roma hit Sai so badly that other teachers had to intervene to control her anger. The school authorities have informed us that Roma had quit the job on Wednesday itself,'' Raju, father of the victim, said. Narsingi sub-inspector Bhoopathi said Roma went absconding and a hunt has been launched to trace her.A case was registered against Roma on the charge of assault based on a complaint given by the boy's parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606589", "title": "Besu set to become a central varsity", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre on Thursday approved the proposal to upgrade Bengal Engineering and Science University (Besu) to the Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology (IIEST), thus conferring the coveted tag of Institute of National Importance (INI) on the institution.The upgrade will enable Besu to become an institution run fully on central funds, thus permitting it to offer better facilities to the undergraduate, postgraduate students and research scholars. It will also provide a better pay structure to the teachers and employees. The university plans to initiate research in areas of medical science and technology, renewable energy, environment and water technology in addition to reinforcing the existing engineering and science disciplines.In the newly formed IIEST, there will be 50% quota for state students. Rest of the seats will be filled up by candidates clearing the AIEEE. However, it may not be possible for Besu to take students from the AIEEE or the WBJEE this year. Rather, going by the existing system, they may have to stick to the state joint examination.Besu will now have to receive a clearance from both the two houses of Parliament. According to sources, the NIT Act will be amended to make space for the new IIEST institutes. Anandakrishnan committee had proposed a list of five technology institutes in the country to be upgraded to IIEST. Besu has been ranked first on the list of universities recommended.The university will receive around Rs 592 crore from the Centre in the first five years. The amount can be spent for upgrading facilities and expansion. \"The cash-strapped state government will breathe a sigh of relief since it will no longer need to pay the salary and other funds. Moreover, it will add a feather in the government's cap with their new-found tag,\" said a senior higher education department official.\"International collaborations will now become much easier. As a result, more foreign funds and projects will flow in,\" said a Besu official. . It has been learnt from sources in MHRD that the bill may be tabled in this winter session itself for upgradation of BESU into IIEST, thus amending the NIT Act.Since the Indian Institute of Science Engineering and Research Bill took more time for enactment in the Parliament, it created a delay in amending the NIT Act. It was only in the last session when the IISER Bill got a go ahead from the two houses. \"I am optimistic that BESU the second oldest technical institute in India will become the torch bearer in the fields of technological education and research,\" said vice-chancellor of BESU, Ajay Kumar Roy. It is now a matter of time before BESU finds a new name. According to sources after receiving IIEST, vc Roy will remain the officiating director till a name is announced by MHRD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607929", "title": "INTACH brings students closer to heritage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) organized an essay writing competition, \"Harit Sankalp - Care For Nature,\" at Strawberry Fields World School in Sector 26.INTACH convener V K Kapoor said the trust has drawn up a list of heritage properties in the region. It includes the heritage of Chandigarh as well as the ancient heritage of the nearby Bhima Devi Temple, the Jayanti Devi Temple and the Manimajra Fort. The competition aimed at promoting the spirit of appreciation, exploration and cultural awareness. Students from Classes VI to IX from various schools like Bhavan Vidyalaya, St Kabir, Vivek High, Sacred Heart, Saupins, St Xaviers, Gurukul and Strawberry Fields World School participated in the event. Students wrote essays on the natural heritage of the city and the ways in which the natural features could be saved. The natural feature could be a water body, a tree, a group of trees or animals.Student supplemented their essays with paintings, posters, collages and short paragraphs. Former UT director (tourism) Vivek Atray was present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17606304", "title": "PWD to start 3 new water supply schemes", "text": "PANAJI: Even as the PWD executes two water supply schemes for Goa, it is planning three more to enhance the supply of water in the state. PWD sources said that the biggest scheme under execution, the augmentation of the 160MLD Selaulim scheme by another 100MLD, is in the advanced stage of execution.It is expected to be completed in May 2014. Once complete, the Selaulim scheme will provide ample water to South Goa and most importantly, relieve Vasco and Mormugao areas of the acute water shortage. Vasco city, for example, needs an additional 25MLD water now and once the Selaulim scheme is complete, Vasco may even get 24x7 water supply, sources said.The other water supply scheme under execution is the 10MLD Maisal scheme at Panchawadi at a cost of 48 crore. The work is in progress and only about 20% of the work is done. It is scheduled for completion in 2014 and when complete, its water will be supplied to Shiroda, Borim, Panchawadi and parts of Sanvordem. With that, the water supplied to these areas from the Opa water supply scheme will be available to Panaji, which needs more water.Three new water supply schemes are under planning. A 25MLD, 130 crore water supply scheme at Ganjem (near Usgao) is at the stage of tendering. This water will be supplied to Usgao, Pale, Mollem and to the tail-end sections of Bicholim, Valpoi and Opa water supply system, including Keri, Vagurmem, Volvoi in Priol constituency. These areas are now being fed from local water supply schemes. PWD officials said at least 5MLD water from this scheme will be available for Panaji.The second scheme being planned is the augmentation of the 15MLD Chandel scheme by another 15MLD at a cost of 130 crore. The proposal has been sent for the financial approval of the government. The scheme is meant to boost the water supply of coastal Pernem. Another scheme on the drawing board is the augmentation of the 115MLD Opa water supply scheme by another 27MLD.This involves the construction of a new water treatment plant at Opa with funds available under the JNNURM scheme. This scheme is at the stage of tendering, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17607320", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram-Chennai Duronto service from tomorrow", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Redefining the travel experience from Thiruvananthapuram to Chennai, the Duronto Express connecting both cities will begin its service from Saturday. Train No 02207 Chennai Central-Thiruvananthapuram Duronto Express will leave Chennai at 5pm on Saturday and arrive at Thiruvananthapuram Central at 5.45am on Sunday.The train will take only 12 hours and 45 minutes to travel from Thiruvananthapuram to Chennai. At present, the Chennai Mail and Chennai Super Fast take 17 to 18 hours to reach Chennai. Buses that ply via Nagercoil and Madurai to Chennai will also take almost 14 hours.Though the train was announced in the last year's budget, there were several practical hurdles on the way to realize it. The new service will benefit thousands of Keralites who are working in Chennai. The timing of the trains was also planned to benefit office goers.The bi-weekly Duronto will have no stops in between and will have only AC compartments. Though the initial frequency will be two trains per week, passengers here hope that the railways will increase it in future.\"Train No 02207 Chennai-Thiruvananthapuram Duronto Express will leave Chennai Central at 16.30hrs on Tuesdays and Fridays and arrive at Thiruvananthapuram at 05.15hrs the next day. Train No 22208 Thiruvananthapuram-Chennai Duronto Express will leave Thiruvananthapuram at 21.30hrs on Wednesdays and Saturdays and arrive at Chennai Central at 10.15hrs the next day,\" said a press note issued by the Southern Railway.The reservation for the new train began with effect from Thursday. The fare from Thiruvananthapuram to Chennai in the new train will be Rs 2,715, Rs 1,535 and Rs 1,005 for first, second and third AC coaches respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606338", "title": "Commuters want work completed in time", "text": "PUNE: Commuter groups have welcomed the commencement of Pune-Daund electrification work saying that it was necessary to upgrade rail network in surrounding areas of Pune city in view of increasing number of rail passengers from these parts. Once the work is over, a long pending demand of Lonavla-Pune-Daund local services would be fulfilled. The groups, however, said that the railway administration should complete the work within a stipulated period of time.Railway Pravasi group president Harsha Shah, said, \"The railway administration has already delayed the work. The electrification should have been done much earlier considering heavy train traffic on this route. The administration now has to take all necessary steps to complete it within a set time frame. The work should include AC DC conversion so that trains can run with maximum capacity and speed.\"Shah also said that the railways should consider developing a terminus at Daund station because of its central location and make a provision for its expansion as well.Ramesh Ingle, a frequent traveler on this route said, \"Daily commuters on the Pune-Daund section including office-goers and students face a lot of hardships to reach their workplaces or colleges. The express trains that go via Daund do not stop at smaller stations like Hadapsar, Patas, Yevat, Kedgaon, Uruli. The passenger trains take a longer time and often run behind schedule. Commuters want special shuttle services to Daund, which would benefit them a lot.\"Mangilal Solanki, vice president of Pune-Mumbai Pravasi Sangh said that the administration should develop a separate terminal at Pune station for Lonavla-Pune-Daund locals. Solanki said that there was hardly any connecting train between Lonavla and Daund at present and that many daily commuters who travel between Pune and Mumbai stay in Hadapsar and Loni areas. \"These commuters do not find connecting trains to reach Pune station. The administration needs to resolve this issue in the long run,\" he said.Solanki added that the administration should have the shuttle service until late night. This would benefit commuters of long distance trains.An official from the railway administration said that some long distance trains have been given experimental halts at smaller stations on Pune-Daund track, to help commuters living or working in these parts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17605110", "title": "KSVA help for volley players", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: Kerala State Volleyball Association (KSVA) has formed P Gopalakrishnan Nair endowment fund, in memory of former KSVA treasurer, to extend financial aid to volleyball players and coaching staff. The announcement was made by Nalakath Basheer, secretary of KSVA, at Sulthan Bathery on Thursday.Addressing the media after inaugurating Kerala Welfare Association of Volley Players (KWAVP) meeting on Thursday morning, Basheer said that KSVA will do their best to ensure players' safety and well-being.\"As a first step, we have increased the daily allowance of teams which are playing in the state championship, from 600 to 900. We have told respective district associations to add their share to give a decent amount to teams during the event,\" said Basheer.Basheer added that the state inter-club championship will be held at Payyannur, Kannur from 17 February to 3rd March in 2013.KWAVP, formed in 2009 to help jobless volleyball players, gave away awards to girls who represented Kerala in various national championships last year. Coaches Harilal, Sanjay Baliga, Ameerudhin TA, VB Ashokan were felicitated on the occasion by KSVA president Charlie Jacob. KSVA secretary Kishore Kumar and Indian players Tom Joseph, Vipin M George and Ernakulam captain Vimal T Jaob attended the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606574", "title": "Secondary infections make Dengue deadlier", "text": "KOLKATA: With dengue fear still looming large over the city and its suburbs, virologists have found out the three viruses that helped the disease take epidemic proportions in the state.According to them, three serotypes of the virus - DEN1, DEN2 and DEN3 - were in circulation during the dengue outbreak a few months back.While primary infection by any of these strains causes the self-limiting disease, doctors, entomologists and virologists suspect that a secondary or dual infection had added to the severity of the infection this time.Though the official number of dengue deaths was recorded at 11, more than 30 patients who were detected with dengue died during the outbreak.The health department, however, reportedly refused to register the deaths of patients in private hospitals as triggered by the infection.\"The mortality rate due to dengue infection is just about 0.25%. When it is combined with a secondary viral infection or dual infection by more than one strain of the dengue virus, the severity could be alarming. Those below the age of 15 are most vulnerable and are likely to get dengue haemorrhagic fever or dengue shock syndrome. Now, if a person with other underlying health complications dies after he is infected by dengue, it is not fair to blame dengue as the cause,\" said Dr Shyamalendu Chatterjee, senior virologist with Indian Council of Medical Research's (ICMR) viral unit.Kolkata saw a similar outbreak in 2005. Back then it was DEN3 that had led to the outbreak. Once a person is infected by a serotype, the person develops the antibody against that strain.But the problem arises in case of sequential infection by a different serotype. Secondary infection by a different strain has been established as an important risk for development of dengue haemorrhagic fever (DHF) and then dengue shock syndrome (DSS).Therefore, if a person was infected by DEN3 during the outbreak in 2005, he stands at a risk of developing secondary infection by either DEN1 or DEN2 this time. A large number of dengue positive cases this time had severe symptoms like rapid decline in platelet count.\"There can be many reasons for the severity in a person with no other underlying health problem. Slight changes in the gene of the serotype, secondary or dual infection are some of the possible reasons. These are still unexplored and need to be studied in order to enhance precautionary measures in future,\" said Dr Sushmita Bhattacharya, head of microbiology, Kalyani Medical College.ICMR is expected to conduct a study on the issue. It is also preparing a list of proposals for submission to the state health department.\"During the outbreak in 2005, not a single government hospital was equipped with kits for testing dengue. But the scene this time was quite improved with the state government providing kits to the hospitals. There has to be a concerted effort to combat dengue instead of blaming the government alone. Dengue mosquitoes breed in our own houses. We as citizens have to be more aware and responsible,\" said Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17607332", "title": "Tharoor seeks immediate steps to tackle water shortage in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the successive failure of monsoon, the city might witness severe drinking water shortage in the days ahead. However, none of the plans previously announced by the state government to address the drinking water shortage during the height of summer has materialized till date.Demanding immediate action on remedial measures announced earlier to tackle the ensuing water shortage, Union minister of state for human resources development and local MP Shashi Tharoor wrote letters to chief minister Oommen Chandy and water resources minister P J Joseph on Thursday.\"It's now more or less certain that state in general and Thiruvananthapuram city in particular are likely to face a severe shortage of drinking water supply in the ensuing summer of 2013. Certain viable options are available to handle the crisis. These include immediate action for laying a pipeline to carry water from the Neyyar dam to the Aruvikkara reservoir which is only 10 km away,\" Tharoor said in his letter sent to CM and the minister.In addition, a necessary long-term measure would be construction of check dams along the approximately 33km connecting channel between the Peppara dam and the Aruvikkara reservoir to save excess water flowing from the former structure, in times when the inflow to that dam is substantial, following good rains, he said.The state government in 2009 had successfully taken up with the then Union minister of environment and forests Jairam Ramesh the question of granting approval for raising the height of the Peppara dam. The minister had given an in-principle clearance to the idea subject to compensation of forest land elsewhere for the portion of forest that would be submerged thereby. However, the then state government failed to properly act upon that opportunity obtained from the Union government and the matter is still in limbo, the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "17605052", "title": "Cuttack DC asks DAV to clarify stand on fee hike", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: The district collector of Cuttack, Girish S N, on Thursday intervened into the fee hike issue in DAV schools of the city and asked the school authorities to consult the interim committee of the Supreme Court and clarify its stand on the \"untimely\", \"illegal\" and \"exorbitant\" fee hike.\"There is confusion over the interpretation of a Supreme Court direction to form an interim committee comprising representatives of state government, local civic body, parents and school management regarding tuition fee hike in DAV schools. So, we asked school authorities to clarify the directions properly in the interim committee before implementing it,\" said the district collector.However, parents of DAV Public School, Sector-VI, did not allow children to enter the school for the second day on Thursday in protest against fee hike. \"The intervention of the collector is a welcome step, but it did not solve the problem. We will continue our strike on Friday,\" said Artakam Mishra, secretary of All Odisha DAV Parents' Co-ordination Committee. While the parents claimed that the hike is unethical, the school management said the interim committee headed by school and mass education secretary had allowed it to go ahead with the move after forming interim Parents-Teachers Coordination Committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607063", "title": "Posing as cops, tricksters relieve woman of jewellery", "text": "INDORE: Incidents of loot by miscreants pretending as cop seem unstoppable in the city. On Thursday morning, miscreants targeted 60-year-old woman and escaped with her four gold bangles in Indrapuri Colony.Police said Harvansh Kaur, wife of Sarabjeet Singh Lobana, was targeted by two bike-borne miscreants in her locality only.As per police, when Kaur was walking in her locality, two bike-borne youths approached her and reportedly told her that a murder had taken place in nearby locality for jewellery only.Posing as cops going for investigation, they reportedly persuaded the elderly woman not to go with the jewellery and told her to keep it in her bag.Following their instruction, when the woman tried to wrap in her hanky, they offered their help. Thereafter, they took her jewellery and acted as if they were keeping it in hanky. Showing that the jewellery was wrapped, it was handed over to the woman.By the time the woman opened the hanky and found her bangles missing , the conmen left the place. She immediately informed her family members and approached the police to lodge the report. Police have registered the case under the Section 420 and 34 of IPC and searching the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610030", "title": "Sandhya opens up beauty parlours", "text": "Actress Sandhya made her debut in Kollywood through Balaji Sakthivel's 'Kaadhal' produced by director Shankar. She further went on to star in movies such as like Vallavan, Dishyum, Kannamoochi Yenada, Mahesh Saranya Mattrum Palar and few more movies in Kannada, Telugu and Malayalam.It has been a quite a while since one got to see her on the silver screen. The actress has now moved back to her native in Kerala and has opened up new beauty parlours across various places in Kerala including a special parlour for film celebrities.Perhaps the lack of good offers in movies made her take up a new busniess venture, but seems like that has paid of to some extent as her special parlour for film celebrities seems to be going good. The beauty products used here are said to be based on natural components and so the beauty parlours has been thronging with huge crowds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606684", "title": "Royalty load for cargo handlers", "text": "KOLKATA: No more freeloading. The Kolkata Port Trust (KoPT) has proposed to levy a royalty of Rs 25 per tonne on cargo handling companies operating at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). This is the first time in its 35 year history that the port facility will be imposing such a royalty on cargo handlers in Haldia.If KoPT officials are to be believed, this is the first major port in the country that would be charging royalty from cargo handlers. The exit of Haldia Bulk Terminals (HBT) Pvt Ltd from Haldia has spurred the port facility into taking this decision to augment its revenue. Added to this was the criticism that KoPT faced after it came to be known that several cargo handlers were operating at HDC since its inception without paying a single penny to the port facility.\"No port in the country has charged such royalty. However, we are a riverine port that has several constraints. We don't wish people to believe that we are doing a favour to somebody. Recently, a committee was set up to decide on the royalty that may be charged from cargo handlers. The committee decided upon a rate of Rs 25 per tonne. This is primarily for shore handling at the Haldia Dock Complex (HDC). The Board of Trustees of the KoPT has cleared this and we are awaiting a nod from the Centre,\" an official said.The Board has also decided to set up a committee comprising KoPT officers to determine a strategy through which berths, both at Kolkata and Haldia, would be auctioned to the highest bidder. The contract for these berths would be for two years. The selection of a company would depend upon competence and performance.KoPT has sought that it be allowed to determine which berth is to go to which company. This would depend upon competence.\"This will be for ship and shore handling at Kolkata and shore handling in Haldia. The committee will take a decision within a month and submit its report. We have also decided to intervene into the agreement that a cargo handling company draws up with shippers who are the users of the port. We have sought permission from the Tarriff Authority of Major Ports (TAMP) to intervene in the matter and ensure that users are not cheated,\" the official added.After HBT's exit from Haldia, KoPT came under flak for allowing cargo handlers to operate without paying anything to the port. The KoPT management was even accused of trying to benefit some companies that have been operating at HDC for several decades. This decision will not only help to keep detractors at bay but also result in revenue for the port facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17611235", "title": "Namak: Sonakshi excited to work with Shahid, Prabhu", "text": "Actress Sonakshi Sinha says viewers should look forward to a lot of dance in \" Namak\", given Prabhudheva and Shahid Kapoor's association with it.\"We are starting 'Namak' in February. (I'm) looking forward to it and of course since we have Prabhudheva and Shahid in the film, there is going to be a lot of dance in the film,\" said Sonakshi.\"I am completely happy because I love dancing and it will be completely a masala film. I don't think you can expect anything less from Prabhudheva,\" she added.Sonakshi has had a brush with Prabhudheva's style of working in \"Rowdy Rathore\", which did well at the box office. Sonakshi also did an item number with the actor-choreographer-filmmaker in \"OMG: Oh My God!\".Ask if she is learning any new dance form for \"Namak\" , she said: \"Not new kind of dance, but once we start shooting I am sure Prabhu will make up something new and make us do that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607752", "title": "For B S Yeddyurappa, only future matters", "text": "MYSORE: Former chief minister and KJP founder B S Yeddyurappa is seeking an image makeover. During a tour of Mysore and Mandya districts on Thursday, he visited Gumbaz, the mausoleum that houses the tombs of Mysore rulers Tipu Sultan and Hyder Ali, and held a convention of minorities at a Muslim-majority area in Mysore.At the minorities' meet, Yeddyurappa said he will not allow injustice to be meted out to Muslims. As he arrived at Srirangapattana, he visited Nimishamba Temple and Gumbaz located next to it. He also paid a visit to a Jain site in the temple town before arriving at Mysore to a grand welcome.In a freewheeling interaction with reporters, Yeddyurappa, in his trademark white safari, looked relaxed and insisted that he is a changed man.\"I'll not try to remember my days in my former party. I'm looking ahead,\" he said. \"I've severed all my previous ties,\" he said, when asked about his RSS background. \"I'm a new man now.\"Recollecting his days when he was a member of Shikaripur local body, Yeddyurappa said he used to cycle around the town during early mornings and would go to the office later in the day. \"I've always done what I've set for,\" he said even as he admitted that he was not sure of floating a new political party.Referring to the emergence of regional parties as dominant forces in states like Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal and Tamil Nadu, he said that there is a need for a strong political alternative to national parties in Karnataka. \"I've not formed KJP out of vengeance,\" he claimed. Asked about his views about the move by the BJP government to ban cow slaughter, he said he supports it. \"Muslims have not asked to ban cow slaughter,\" he replied to a question.With leaders from Mysore and Chamarajnagar districts in tow, the former CM looked confident to take on both BJP and Congress, but was soft towards the latter. \"Illa, illa, illa (a firm no),\" he said, when asked whether Congress has given him supari to weaken BJP as alleged by JD(S) leader and ex-CM H D Kumaraswamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17607950", "title": "Anna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s crusade gets a Gen Singh boost", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17611095", "title": "Conserving energy is no less important than its generation: Rajendra Shukla", "text": "INDORE: \"Conserving energy is no less important than its generation and motivating people to conserve energy is like generating power,\" said energy minister of Madhya Pradesh , Rajendra Shukla, on the eve of Energy Conservation Day.The minister further said that energy conservation is the crying need of the hour, stressing on the conservation and augmentation of energy for accelerating the pace of development.Shukla said that due to the increase in population, industrial development and modernisation of farming methods, there has been constant rise in the demand for energy.The biggest need of the present time is power conservation. With the help of energy conservation, the gap between the demand and supply of power can be bridged to a great extent. He said that demand for energy is much more than its generation in the state. Therefore, it has become the bounden duty of all of us to use power judiciously and inspire others also to do so.Shukla appealed to the people not to misuse power and use the same as per the sanctioned capacity. He also made a call to the officers and employees of the Power Distribution Companies to realise their responsibilities toward energy conservation. \"These officers and employees should themselves remain cautious in using power but should also keep motivating people to undertake energy conservation,\" Shukla said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17607364", "title": "No clue of animal that attacked goat", "text": "AURANGABAD: The wild animal, probably a leopard, which was spotted by locals in Banewadi area, on the outskirts of the city on Monday, continued to give sleepless nights to the residents as well as the forest department officials.More than 40 officials from the forest department are on their toes looking for the animal.Senior forest officials were doubtful about it being a leopard. \"Circumstantial evidence does not look like an attack by a leopard,\" said deputy conservator of forests of Aurangabad division Omprakash Chandramore.Speaking to TOI on Thursday Chandramore said, \"Hair samples found near the surrounding areas have been collected and sent to a forensic lab for examination, to confirm the identity of the animal.\" The sample has been sent to the Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University (BAMU) for forensic test.R S Dasre, regional forest officer, said, \"At present, round-the-clock patrolling is being carried out in shifts and a trap has been set up at the Golewadi area.\" Dasre said that some activity is likely on Thursday as it is a new moon day and the night will be dark.\"No fresh pugmarks of the animal have been found or no evidence of the prey, hunted by the animal has been recovered,\" Dasre added. Citizens in the area have been advised not to roam alone in the fields.Dasre said, \"Citizens have been asked to carry lathis and form groups while roaming and performing routine activities in the fields and carry a torch during evening hours.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608041", "title": "A date with \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcChulbul Pandey\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 'Robin Hood' Pandey, urf Chulbul Pandey, of Bollywood is all set to make a comeback to the city of pearls. And unlike his fleeting appearance last year, this time around the beefy inspector, dressed in his crisp khakis and Rayban aviators, will be seen putting up a gala show for his Hyderabadi fans at the 'Times Salman Nite' at Hitex Grounds on December 17. Accompanying the megastar on this tour of the Nizam's sheher will be his on-screen wife Rajjo (Sonakshi Sinha) and the man who lent his voice to the charismatic 'Robin Hood' __ playback singer Sukhwinder Singh.Together, the trio will be seen setting the stage on fire as they play out scenes from their blockbuster flick Dabangg and even allow the privileged audience of mana city a sneak peak in to its sequel Dabangg 2, slated for release on December 21. The evening, apart from being generously peppered with bone-tickling one-liners and hatke moves that Chulbul has come to become synonymous with, is also expected to be packed with latkas and jhatkas by the stunningly gorgeous Rajjo who oozed charm as a village belle in the mega successful movie. And if that's not all, there is also the promise of a power-packed session by the Chaiyya Chaiyya singer, known for his robust voice and unending energy levels. His title track Hud Hud Dabangg Dabangg continues to be a chartbuster, despite the lapse of two years since its release.Excited? Then head for your nearest ticket counters right away as this event is sure to be one that Hyderabad has never witnessed before. And if the crowd gets lucky, it might just get to see Sallu bhai rip this shirt in his signature style, right here in the city.Tickets to the mega show are available in denominations of Rs 300, Rs 500, Rs 1,000 and Rs 5,000. Those interested could either log on to www.bookmyshow.com, call 39895050 or walk in to The Times of India office on Road No 3, Banjara Hills (between 10 am and 6 pm) to procure the same. The proceeds from the sale of tickets will be directed towards charity.Freebie seekers may excuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17607930", "title": "Commercial property tax may rise by 25%", "text": "NASHIK: Property tax on commercial establishments in the city will increase by 25% from 2013-14. A proposal will soon be tabled at the general body meeting of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) for approval.Since residential properties have been exempted from the hike, there will be no hike in house cess and water taxes.Last year, the then officiating municipal commissioner P Velarasu had proposed a tax hike in both commercial and residential properties in the budget for 2012-13. The proposal was tabled by the civic administration at the standing committee in July for approval, but was turned down.A senior civic official said, \"We have decided to increase house and water taxes on commercial establishments from 2013-14, but residential properties have been exempted from any hike. The commercial tax rate will also be levied on petty businesses run in residential properties such as beauty parlours, coaching classes, tailoring shops, grocery stores, music classes and professional consulting offices of lawyers, chartered accountants and doctors.\" The civic administration will digitalize all properties in the NMC limits to simplify the recovery of property taxes and increase its revenue. All properties will have code numbers and new code numbers will be given to the new properties. This will help make accurate assessment of the properties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606308", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation authorities seize 9 water pumps", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation (PCMC) seized nine electric water pumps attached to the main water supply pipelines at Moraya Park, Omkar Colony, Sainathnagar in Pimpale Gurav on Thursday.Civic officials have received complaints from many citizens in the area about inadequate water pressure in taps. The issue was also raised by corporators at the zonal meeting. Thereafter, PCMC executive engineer Sharad Jadhav issued instructions to the zonal office to initiate a drive to check whether electric pumps had been installed on water pipelines. Except for one pump which was installed at a construction site, all others had been installed by citizens.A squad comprising junior engineers, plumbers seized nine such pumps on Thursday. Except for one pump which was installed at a construction site, all others had been installed by citizens.The Sangvi police helped the PCMC squad in the drive. Civic officials said the corporation will continue its drive against installation of pumps.Meanwhile, the municipal corporation has decided to conduct a public awareness campaign about its amnesty scheme in which citizens have been asked to regularize their unauthorized water connections after paying the prescribed fines.The standing committee at its meeting earlier this week sanctioned the proposal for the public awareness campaign. The corporation has extended the deadline for the amnesty scheme till December 31. The scheme was announced in September. Civic officials said that the 1,800 citizens have applied for new water meters under the scheme. PCMC has also appointed a private agency for issuing water bills which will have a digital picture of the water meter reading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17606954", "title": "Division commissioner to probe Jaipur Municipal Corporation resignations", "text": "JAIPUR: After twenty councillors of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) submitted their resignation demanding action against the chief executive officer (CEO), chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Thursday appointed divisional commissioner to probe into the matter.The councilors' demanded action against the chief executive officer (CEO), Jagroop Yadav, who allegedly misbehaved with them in his office.\"The investigation will be started from Friday and the divisional commissioner, Madhukar Gupta will record the statement of the councilors to prepare the report which will be sent to the chief minister,\" a senior official said.Since October 26, Congress, Independent and nominated councillors are running from pillar to post demanding action against the CEO over the issue. The councilors have even boycotted the general body meeting (GBM), and met chief secretary C S Mathew and PCC chief Chandrabhan.The councillors presented a memorandum and a video CD extracted from a CCTV allegedly showing the CEO's misbehaviour to them.It was reported that during a heated argument, the JMC CEO had allegedly misbehaved with Archana Sharma, councillor of ward number 41 and her husband and asked them to leave the office. The CEO also lost his temper and allegedly used abusive words since the councillors were forcing him to sanction development work in their wards.Congress councillor Sunita Mahawar, said, \"Since long, our demand went unheard and this is the only way out. The officials at the JMC continue to misbehave with the ward councillors and despite being part of the ruling party, the high command is letting this happen. If the chief minister cannot take action against the CEO, he should accept our resignation and send it to the district collector for approval.\"Councillors even claimed that the matter was ignored by the chief minister. Another Congress councillior , Umar Daraj , said, \"At no time, attention was given to the councillors by the chief minister. So, we have opted to submit our resignation in a public hearing.\" For three years at a stretch, bad blood among the mayor, the councillors and the administrative officials has turned JMC into a political battleground, severely hampering development work in the city.Till date, six CEOs have been transferred in three years as they were in conflict with the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606978", "title": "Barkatullah University employees call off strike", "text": "BHOPAL: Barkatullah University Employees Association (BUEA) ended strike on Thursday, a day after Madhya Pradesh University Employees Association ( MPUEA) announced to call off its strike. This would facilitate smooth functioning of semester exams.According to BUEA secretary Avinash Burbure, the decision to end the strike was taken after receiving assurance from the higher education department in writing. \"The department has decided to form a committee to look after the issues raised by the university employees associations,\" Burbure said. The committee will present its report in one month.The committee will have a representative of the employees' union also, he said. The university employees association has been demanding to remove discrepancy between the pensioners and employees salary.The university employees association has given March 31 deadline to resolve the issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606818", "title": "Modern computing lab at MANIT soon", "text": "BHOPAL: A modern computing lab will be set up at MANIT's Incubation Centre to improve student understanding of semiconductor modelling and analysis. The decision is a part of the memorandum of understanding signed between Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) and Applied Materials Inc, providing manufacturing equipment, services and automation software to the semiconductor industry.As part of the MOU, Applied Materials plans to support students on their projects, exchange technical knowledge, and assist with scholarships. Experts will conduct workshops and lectures on the campus to help engineering students understand the latest technology.In addition to help needy students, it will also provide scholarships based on considerations such as academic performance, socio-economic background and diversity. Applied Materials will also award deserving students from MANIT up to Rs 50,000 each for qualified academic projects.\" The new relationship can provide students with a better understanding of the semiconductor industry and offer them an edge when competing for future opportunities in this market,\" director, MANIT, Dr Appu Kuttan, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605938", "title": "East Delhi Municipal Corporation to collect garbage door-to-door", "text": "NEW DELHI: East Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to start a pilot project of door-to-door garbage collection.CHINTAN Environment Research and Action Group, a Delhi-based NGO, will be roped in for the project. It will initially be given three wards. \"The NGO has to set up a material recovery facility. If its performance is satisfactory, we will extend the scheme in other wards,\" said Mahek Singh, chairman, standing committee, East corporation.The standing committee has decided to select the wards from \"three types of area \u00e2\u20ac\u201d posh, middle-level colonies like Yamuna Vihar and unauthorized regularized colonies\" for the pilot project, Singh said. The NGO and the executive wing had selected the wards from only posh areas. The corporation will decide the future of the project on the basis of the NGO's performance, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606056", "title": "Auto dealer threatens cop, arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: Another incident of assault on a policeman in broad daylight was reported in the city on Thursday. This time the accused threatened the cop with a revolver. This is the sixth incident of assault on policemen in past one-and-a-half month.The police on Thursday afternoon arrested Vinod Kumar, an automobile dealer, for threatening traffic constable Pramod Gupta at gunpoint near KGMU Convention Centre. The cop had stopped bike-borne Kumar for jumping the signal and asked him to produce the driving licence and registration papers. At this Kumar lost his temper and waved his licensed revolver at Gupta and asked him to leave.Several home guards present near the spot overpowered Kumar. A resident of Godavari Enclave in Madiaon, Kumar claimed being close to a former minister and threatened policemen with dire consequences. Kumar was taken to Chowk police station and booked under various IPC sections and the Arms Act. \"Kumar has been sent to jail for using criminal force to deter a public servant,\" said IP Singh, in charge, Chowk police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608104", "title": "Ex-Nizam\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin wait for a slice of Mumbai property", "text": "HYDERABAD: The recent 'discovery' of a 5,000 square yard plot of land on Mount Pleasant Road in Malabar Hills, South Mumbai, registered in the name of last Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan who passed away in 1967 has made members of the former royal family sit up and stake their claims.The market value of the property, the existence of which was unknown until May this year, is said to be Rs 400 crore or more.According to sources, the descendants of the last ruler are divided over the ownership of the property which is also being hotly pursued by real estate sharks. Representatives of Mukarram Jah, Osman Ali Khan's grandson and the titular Nizam, claim that he is the sole legitimate owner of the land.\"We are receiveing enquiries and are ready to sell it on 'as it is, where it is' basis. We will execute the sale deed in favour of the highest bidder. But beyond that we will have no responsibility of providing other documents or handing over the possession,\" one of the representatives told TOI.However, Mukarram Jah's claim is being opposed by three other grandsons of the late Nizam. Mir Zamin Ali Khan, Mir Khudrat Ali Khan and Mir Firasath Ali Khan have written to the collector of Mumbai asking him to restrain from mutating the land in the name of any applicant without first informing them, claiming that the property is owned by all the members of the family, not any individual or group.They said that the late Nizam purchased Malabar Hills property spread over 5,487.755 square yards along with some structures over it on March 28, 1953 and had it registered with the registrar of assurances at Mumbai. He left behind 16 sons and 18 daughters. Presently only two sons and three daughters are alive. Along with them the children, grandchildren and the great grandchildren of the Nizam are legal heirs. \"We are willing to consider any decent offer to sell the property,\" they said.Also, another group of descendants of the Nizam, undeterred by the legal challenges involved, have already started signing away their \"rights\" over the property in lieu of a paltry sum of money ranging between Rs 30,000 and Rs 50,000.\"Somebody from Mumbai is seeking to buy that property. So far about 40 family members have signed the documents, given their recent photographs and taken money,\" a family member who is opposed to such a deal, said.Some of the family members also believe that sale of the Malabar Hills land would set a precedent for selling numerous other properties located in Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka, Tamil Nadu , Maharashtra and New Delhi. \"They are in the name of the late Nizam. We all are his legitimate heir,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17606380", "title": "Court holds Pacheco guilty, released on admonition", "text": "MARGAO: Margao additional sessions court judge Vijaya Pol on Thursday released Nuvem legislator Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on admonition under Section 3 of the Probation of Offenders Act (PoA) after convicting him on charges of voluntarily hurting (under Section 323 of IPC) electricity department junior engineer Kapil Natekar in 2006.After passing the order, the judge warned Pacheco against committing any assaults and said, \"Please be a public servant in the real sense of the term.\" Section 3 of PoA empowers the court to release certain offenders after admonition.Pacheco had approached the court challenging the six month jail term imposed by the assistant sessions court in October, 2011 under Section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) of the Indian Penal Code. He was earlier held guilty by a judicial magistrate first class court in the same case.While releasing the accused after admonition, the judge observed, \"The public prosecutor conceded that there is no prior conviction against the accused. Taking into consideration the aforesaid fact and the fact that the offence is of simple hurt and that the Bombay high court has given directions that in such cases the Probation of Offenders Act should be applied,\" the order is passed.The judge also stated that the judgment (that Pacheco had challenged) suffers from illegality, incorrectness and impropriety to the extent that it does not attract Section 353 of the IPC but only Section 323 of the IPC.Advocate Amit Palyekar had argued that Pacheco had no previous criminal record and urged that the PoA be invoked. The public prosecutor submitted that the sentence befitting the crime be imposed on the accused.Later addressing media persons on the subject of appealing the verdict, Palyekar said, \"After going through the judgment we will take the further course.\"Pacheco was held guilty for assaulting Natekar, after calling the junior engineer to his office on July 15, 2006, as he did not attend a phone call relating to a complaint of power failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610164", "title": "Pritish Nandy to be honoured by Bangladesh government", "text": "40 Years after the liberation of Bangladesh, Pritish Nandy who wrote fiercely independent and incisive articles in the Illustrated Weekly Of India and other publications of the early 1970s on the Liberation Movement has been invited by the Bangladesh government to be honoured on 15 December.The function will honour those intellectual minds who helped Bangladesh attain liberation.Speaking on being conferred the honour Pritish Nandy said, \"The birth of Bangladesh was a miracle. Most wars end in stalemate but Indira Gandhi won it decisively and with amazing precision. I was proud to play a role in the making of a new nation, a nation born out of the love for a language and a proud culture: Bengali.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17606729", "title": "Research centres under CBI scanner for irregularities", "text": "KOCHI: foot overbridgeActivities of three major research institutions, in Bangalore, Mysore and Pune under the Department of Science and Technology (DST), have come under the CBI scanner after it was found that the institutions had allowed back door entry to a Bangalore-based IT firm for installation of hardware and software worth crores of rupees.The Kerala unit of the CBI had unearthed major irregularities in the purchase and installation of software and hardware at the National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) in Bangalore, Pune-based Agharkar Research Institute (ARI) and Central Food Technological Research Institute (CFTRI) in Mysore.According to CBI officials, an FIR in connection with the incident was filed before the CBI court in Thiruvananthapuram and a detailed probe was on to track the officials and agents involved in the deal with the company identified as Inkroma.The CBI officials stumbled upon the fraud when they were probing the allegations against a few top administrative officials of Sri Chitra Thirunal Institute for Medical Sciences and Technology in Thiruvananthapuram. According to the allegations, the officials purchased a software from the Bangalore-based company for Rs 30 lakh without following any tender procedures.The CBI also conducted a series of raids at the medical institute, which is under the DST, and at the residences of the suspects.\"It was when we probed the irregularities at the medical institute, that we got leads into the deals undertaken by the same firm with the three research institutions. It is suspected that one of the promoters of the company had close links with the officials of the research institutions and the DST. The company has currently closed down its operations,\" the officials said.Apart from looking into the corruption involved in the deal, the investigation agency is probing the security angle, as the research institutions are involved in research and development of various indigenous projects.Investigation has revealed that the company had entered into a deal with the medical institute in 2006-2007 for supplying the ERT software. Of the two research institutions, the NAL is a high technology-oriented institution concentrating on advanced aerospace and related disciplines. It also conducts research and development in Indian space programme and other multidisciplinary activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17610378", "title": "Placement: IIT Kharagpur graduates offered Rs 80 lakh per annum salary package", "text": "KOLKATA: Placements at IIT Kharagpur have started with a bang. Three students have bagged salaries of Rs 80 lakh per annum while eight others have got annual offers of Rs 75 lakh each from Google and Microsoft.\"All the students are from the computer science department. The three Google recruits will be based in Mountain View, US, while the other eight will be in Redmont,\" said Rinhul Chandra, vice-president of the student's council in IIT-Kgp. The placements started on December 1 and the first phase will last till December 20.Last year, the highest salary offered at IIT-Kgp was Rs 78 lakh from Facebook, while in 2010, Dhiraj Kumar Singh had bagged a Rs 1.7 crore offer from Facebook which is the highest ever across all IITs. Though, the highest pay packages sky-rocketed this year, the minimum offers averaged around Rs 7-8 lakh.\"Till now, 650 of 1,775 students have been placed. This is the largest batch in the history of the IITs. Only if any student is left to find a job, we will have a second phase from February,\" said Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607115", "title": "Galaxy of artists to perform at Rajgir, Sitamarhi fests", "text": "PATNA: Bihar' government's tourism department has decided to organize two important festivals at Sitamarhi and Rajgir this month. A galaxy of artists, including famous Bollywood singers Sukhwinder Singh, Zila Khan and Harshdeep Kaur are expected to perform during these festivals.Popular Sufi singer Harshdeep Kaur will perform on the first day of the two-day Sitamarhi Mahotsav beginning on Sunday, said a tourism department official. Harshdeep has sung for A R Rahman in three films - Rang De Basanti, 127 Hours and Rockstar.On the second day, young singers like Mauli Dave and Patna's Ritika Raj of Indian Idol fame would perform.Another popular Sufi singer and daughter of sitar maestro Ustad Vilayat Khan, Zila Khan will be the star attraction at the three-day Rajgir festival commencing on December 28. Sukhwinder will regale the audience at the famous Quila Maidan on December 29. His most popular songs include 'Chaiyya Chaiyya' and 'Jai Ho'.According to official sources, Sukhwinder, along with HIS 15-member troupe, will reach on December 29 to perform at Rajgir the same night.In view of the peak tourist season, including Christmas and Rajgir festival, Bihar state tourism development corporation (BSTDC) has decided to introduce daily bus service from Patna to Pawapuri via Rajgir and Nalanda from December 22.BSTDC manager (travel and tours), Gajendra Singh said the bus service would continue till January 5. The bus would leave Patna at 7am and reach here at 8pm the same day. \"The bus fare will be Rs 400 for seat. A large number of people have shown interest in the daily bus service,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610001", "title": "Vijay Sethupathi signs up 'Rummy'", "text": "Vijay Sethupathy is on cloud nine with his back-to-back hit movies that include Pizza and Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom. After churning out two success films the young actor has quickly established himself as a popular name in Kollywood. Now he has signed a new project titled 'Rummy' directed by debutante K.Balakrishnan.Set in rural backdrops, the film will be a romantic entertainer with D.Imman composing the music and Yugabharathi penning the lines. The duo's last work together in Kumki has gotten a lot of appreciation from the fans.Inigo Prabhakaran, famous from Sundarapandian and Azhagar Samiyin Kudhirai will also be playing a role. K.Premkumar, who worked in Sundarapandian and NKPK will be the cinematographer and Raja Muhammed will be handling the editing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17607902", "title": "Brainstorm to end footboard travel", "text": "MADURAI: The death of four students, who were travelling on the footboard of a government bus in Chennai has sent the officials on their toes in Madurai.The police, along with officials from Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation (TNSTC) and regional transport office (RTO) held a brainstorming session in the city to prevent footboard travel by the students and public during peak hours. While the TNSTC was asked to ply more buses during peak hours to end footboard travel, the TNSTC said the number of buses was inadequate to increase frequency. Instead, TNSTC officials suggested that timings for schools could be altered to ensure smooth travel for students.The meeting was held at the district police office where K Vanniaperumal, IG and chief vigilance officer and Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan presided over.TNSTC was also asked to increase frequency in routes with more number of schools and colleges. The meeting also urged setting right of faulty automatic doors in buses so that the doors can be locked while in motion, to prevent any footboard travel. From the enforcement perspective, the officials have decided to take action against those travelling on footboard, under the Motor Vehicles Act.The bus crew was asked to pass on information about footboard travellers, especially in the routes where students wilfully indulge in such act for adventure. The footboard travellers will be warned and failure to adhere to warnings will result in police action, said a police officer. The National Service Scheme and National Cadet Corps in schools and colleges will be used to sensitise the students about the dangers of footboard travel and mass awareness programmes in the educational institutions were also suggested. It was also decided to monitor the loading points where students board the buses near schools and colleges.TNSTC officials said with schools, colleges and offices functioning in the same timeframe, occupancy ratio during peak hours was very high in buses and dips very low during other times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607924", "title": "Now, billboards to come up along V3 roads", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Chandigarh municipal corporation has decided to allow advertisements on roadside berms of V3 roads. The billboards of size 3X2 feet will be installed at a height of 1.5 feet above ground level. V3 roads are the stretches dividing one sector from the other.The municipal corporation is handling about 40 V3 roads of the city, but the billboards will initially be erected on only 15 V3 roads.The UT administration had transferred the charge of V3 roads to the municipal corporation in April last year.However, the MC will see to it that the billboards do not disturb the aesthetics of the green city.The advertisement boards will be displayed in such a way that the gap between two of them is 400 meters.The MC will invite expressions of interest soon, after which a memorandum of understanding will be signed.As per a clause added by the MC, it can cancel the memorandum of understanding with 30-day notice if it is needed for development purposes or if terms and conditions are violated.Another important condition is that whichever company signs the MoU will be responsible for the maintenance of the particular stretch of V3 road on which the advertisement will be displayed.If possible, the municipal corporation will try to provide a water connection but the company in question will be required to pay the water bill.Chief engineer of the MC S S Bidda said they would invite expressions of interest from the firms during the end of the month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17608062", "title": "Police on trail of international drug peddlers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 gang", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Busting an international gang of drug peddlers, Chandigarh police, on Wednesday morning arrested a Nigerian and seized 30 grams of high quality cocaine from his possession.According to the police, the cocaine is worth Rs 1 crore in the international market.His car, which had a Chandigarh registration number, was also seized.The accused, Godwin Ulo Awa, a resident of Sector 69, Mohali, was arrested from near a forest nursery in Daria village, Chandigarh.\"During of interrogation, it was found that the accused is a seasoned drug peddler who made contact with major drug peddlers in India and abroad.They are directly or indirectly involved in smuggling and supplying of contraband in India,\" said sub-inspector Om Parkash, who arrested Awa.\"Awa bought the consignment from another Nigerian, Atol, from Delhi. We arrested Awa while he was on his way to Shimla to deliver the consignment to some unknown person,\" Parkash said.Awa was produced in court on Wednesday afternoon.Police sought weeklong remand but the court gave five-day remand.The prosecution lawyer told the court that they need to interrogate the accused to identify others involved and the route of the international smuggling channel.Police booked the accused under various sections of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17605212", "title": "Goa State Museum needs more space", "text": "It appears to be a problem of plenty for Goa State Museum, as only 500 of the 10,000 assets in its collection are on display.Goa was ruled by the Kadambas, Bhojas, Shilaharas and Adil Shahis of Bijapur, before becoming a colonial territory of the Portuguese. It's but natural for the museum to have a plethora of art, sculptures and other antiques from various periods of its history.Said director Radha Bhave: \"The items to be displayed are decided according to the theme. It's not possible to keep them all. This practice is followed in most museums.\"Sources reveal that the museum permits researchers to access many of the antiques not on display. Established in 1977, the museum shifted to its premises in Patto on June 18, 1996. \"The museum receives 20,000-25,000 visitors annually; students and tourists form a major chunk,\" said Bhave.The museum houses 14 galleries on sculpture, Christian art, history of printing, religious expression, cultural anthropology, contemporary art, numismatics, Goa's freedom struggle, furniture, natural heritage, environment and development, geology, Menezes Braganza gallery and Banerji art gallery.The galleries house stone and wood sculptures, copper and bronze coins and seals, rock carvings, paintings, Indo-Portuguese furniture including the table and chair used to conduct the Inquisition in Goa, a rare copper plate with an inscription of a Kadamba king. The oldest item is a fossil bone of an Indian bull from the period between 10000 BC-8000 BC.Bhave said the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation was preparing plans for renovation of the museum, with many of its walls showing large cracks.Prajal Sakhardande, executive member of Goa Heritage Action Group, says more artifacts should be displayed. \"The museum has a fantastic collection, but many of these are kept in the storeroom,\" said Sakhardande. He felt the museum should organize activities to draw students and other visitors, and shift to the newly-renovated Adil Shah Palace in Panaji.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606422", "title": "Mayawati does U-turn, reposes faith in Rajya Sabha chair", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSP supremo Mayawati stood up in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday to express \"full faith\" in and \"respect\" for the Chair. Just a day ago, she had criticized Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansari holding him responsible for lack of order that has stalled the bill on reservation in promotion. The harsh attack had upset Ansari.After Mayawati's speech, Leader of the House Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was joined in by Leader of the Opposition Arun Jaitley and other MPs to assure the Chair of full cooperation.After the Question Hour on Thursday, Mayawati gave a short speech. \"I respect you. I respect the Chair...,\" she said. However, she added that she was sad because the Bill providing for reservation for SC/ST in promotion could not be taken up in the House in the last or current session due to disruptions.\"I have full confidence that you will be able to find a way out to ensure the House runs smoothly and the legislation is passed,\" she said, adding, \"I have full faith in the Chair that he will find a way so that the voice of the downtrodden is heard.\"Mayawati also requested the government and the PM to find a way by speaking to parties disrupting the House.\"Find a way so that the House runs smoothly and the Chair also does not face problems in running the House. I also request the Leader of the Opposition and leaders of all other parties to rise over party politics and help in the passage of the bill,\" she said.The PM then rose to assure Ansari. \"I rise to convey to you that our Government has the fullest faith and the highest regard for you,\" Singh said. While mentioning that respect for the Chairman of the House is a respect for maintaining the dignity of this House, the PM assured to work with all sections to ensure the Chair gets \"all the cooperation and all the respect\" due to him and to the Chair.He agreed \"ways and means of conducting the business of the House smoothly, without interruptions\" must be found.Jaitley then joined the PM in expressing full faith in Ansari as a person and the Chair that he occupies. \"What we are seeing today is really the strength of India's parliamentary democracy where we all do believe that the credibility and dignity of the Chair are synonymous with the dignity of the House which in turn reposes popular confidence in India's democracy,\" he said.He assure that the House \"will speak in one voice in upholding your honour, both as an individual and as also the dignity of the Chair that you occupy\".CPM MP Sitaram Yechury, Shivanand Tiwari of JD (U) and several other MPs echoed the sentiments of Singh and Jaitley.Ansari profusely thanked the PM, Jaitley, Mayawati and leaders of all political parties and MPs for their sentiments. \"The Chair seeks, as always, the cooperation of the House in its own functioning. Thank you very much,\" said Ansari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606002", "title": "Quota war rages on: 18 lakh UP govt employees go on flash strike", "text": "LUCKNOW: The reservation in promotion bill precipitated into a major crisis for Uttar Pradesh, as nearly 18 lakh employees of the UP government went on a flash strike on Thursday to protest against the Centre's move to push through the controversial bill in Parliament. However, essential services like electricity, water, transport and medical services were unaffected by the strike.The strike call coincided with Bahujan Samaj Party chief Mayawati pressing in with her demand to get the bill passed in Parliament, while Samajwadi Party MPs staged a walk out in protest in the Rajya Sabha.Earlier in the day, the employees ostensibly from the general and OBC category staged a protest march from Parivartan Chowk to GPO crossing in Hazratganj.The strike call was given by Sarvajan Hitay Sanrakshan Samiti, the association of employees from the general and OBC category. President of the Samiti, Shailendra Dubey said that the employees have been compelled to go on a strike because of the Centre's undemocratic attitude to get the bill passed in Parliament. The strike got a full support from the ruling Samajwadi Party, which has been heavily against the bill. Dubey said that the employees will stage day-long protest meetings in various district headquarters. The Samiti had threatened a flash strike in case the bill was not taken back. Dubey said that employee associations of various departments have asked to make strike a success across the state.On the other hand, the reservation supporters, essentially dalit employees and officers under aegis of 'Aarakshan Bachao Sangharsh Samiti' announced of doing an overtime to make up for the loss because of the strike. President of the association, KB Ram said that officers and employees will be doing an overtime of four hours.The controversial bill was introduced in the Rajya Sabha on Monday, three days after BSP chief Mayawati and party's Rajya Sabha MPlend her support to the Congress-led UPA government on FDI in multi-brand retail sector. BSP has been pressing with the demand of bringing in the bill eight months after Supreme Court upheld the Allahabad High Court order that struck down the provision put in place by Mayawati government, which stormed to power in Uttar Pradesh in 2007.The Samajwadi Party, however, overturned her decision after coming to power in March earlier this year. Heavily against the provision, Akhilesh Yadav government decided to abide by the High Court order paving way for promotion of hundreds of engineers and state government employees, waiting for their due promotion.The bill appears to have taken political overtones, as Mulayam Singh Yadav tries to consolidate his OBC vote bank (OBC are not covered in the provision), while wooing the upper caste by opposing the bill. Senior party leaders including SP boss Mulayam Singh Yadav and national general secretary Ram Gopal Yadav had been candidly insisting that the provision is against \"natural justice\".The Samiti too was quick to accuse the Congress and BJP of causing a national crisis by bringing in an 'unconstitutional bill'. It also claimed that the two national parties will witness the repercussions in the next general elections due in 2014.The issue has its genesis in 1995 when a sub-clause in Article-16 (equality in opportunity) was introduced in Parliament, paving way for reservation in promotion. This was, however, struck down by the Supreme Court, which took into account the Indra Sawhney vs Union of India case of November 16, 1992, in which it had said that reservation may be granted only during recruitment.The BJP-led NDA government later brought in three constitutional amendment Acts between June 9, 2000 and January 4, 2002, paving way for not only reservation in promotion, but also consequential seniority. Incidentally, the saffron party lost the next general elections. Dubey said that the said reservation in promotion bill cost the party (BJP).In October 19, 2006, the SC went by the M Nagraj case which stressed on taking into account not only inadequacy of representation in the services and backwardness of the SC/ST, but also efficiency of administration. It was this case that the apex court took once again in April this year while upholding the high court verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17605125", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram, Kozhikode enter semis", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: \"Block Jomol, block Jomol,\" yelled Thrissur women's team coach Sanjay Baliga from the dugout throughout their quarterfinal match against title favourites Thiruvananthapuram.But the Thrissur girls found Jomol PJ too hot to handle. She pounded the opponents' court with heavy smashes and cheeky drop shots to take Thiruvanathapuram into the semifinals of the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship at Sulthan Bathery floodlit stadium on Thursday.Though Thrissur made a valiant attempt for a comeback by bagging the third set, Thiruvananthapuram side displayed greater teamwork and character to outplay Thrissur 25-16, 25-14, 23-25, 25-20. In the semis, Thiruvananthapuram will face the winners of the match between Ernakulam and Kannur.In the second quarterfinal match in the women's division on Thursday night, last year's runners-up Kozhikode overcame hosts Wayanad in four-sets 23-25, 25-11, 25-18, 25-15 to make it to the semis. Kozhikode will take on the winners of the match between Kollam and Kasaragod.The star of the night for Thiruvananthapuram was Jomol. The lanky girl chipped in with brilliant performance whenever her team landed in trouble and stood between Thrissur and victory. Thrissur women managed to level the score eight times in the first set but they were helpless against the experience of Sheeba PV, Tiji Raju and Thiruvananthapuram skipper Alphonsa MJ and saw their opponents walking away with the set.Jomol was in sublime touch in the second set and gave Thrissur no chance. Though Thrissur won the third set, Thiruvananthapuram bounced back in the fourth set to wrap up the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610902", "title": "Kumki hero gets Rajini's blessings", "text": "Even while looking forward to his debut movie 'Kumki' directed by Prabhu Solomon, Vikram Prabhu, grandson of Sevalia' Sivaji Ganesan and son of veteran actor Prabhu seeked the blessings of Superstar Rajinikanth.The young Vikram Prabhu said \"Rajini sir is one of my biggest inspirations. I called on him on his birthday and sought his blessings for the success of Kumki.\"\"The Superstar wished me all success and said that hard work would always end up in success. His words motivated me a lot,\" added Vikram Prabhu. Produced by Lingusamy's Thirupathi Brothers Film Media Pvt Ltd, 'Kumki' is being released today by Studio Green and is also being releaed in Telegu as ' Gajaraju '.Gautham Vasudev Menon's much awaited ' Neethane En Ponvasantham ' also hits the screens today (December 14) along with Kumki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607657", "title": "Day 2: St John\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s extends form submission deadline to December 18", "text": "CHANDIGARH: On the second day of sale of application forms, more than 5,000 were sold. In view of the heavy rush , authorities at St John's High School, Sector 26 have extended the deadline for form submission to December 18 from December 15.Meanwhile, several parents had to turn back dejected due to their failure to produce attested documents. \"The deadline for form submission is December 15 and it is tough to get attestation in such short notice. I was not aware of the requirement,\" said Parveen Kapoor of Sector 26 at Sacred Heart High School.Meanwhile, many other schools have the same deadline. Other schools, including St Stephen's School, Sector 45 and St Joseph School, Sector 44 have adopted the system of first come first serve basis for admissions.\"It is the most crucial time for parents. The schools must extend their deadlines by few days for form submission,\" said Maninder Pal Kaur, a resident of Mohali who visited Carmel Convent School to collect a form.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606349", "title": "Railways cuts plan outlay by Rs 4,000 crore for 2012-13", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cash-strapped Railways has scaled down its plan outlay by around Rs 4,000 crore for the current fiscal, following failure to raise the funds internally. In its budget for 2012-13, Railways had proposed its highest ever plan outlay of Rs 60,100 crore. It was planning to generate Rs 18,050 crore through internal resources.\"In view of the shortfall in generation of targeted internal resources, the plan outlay for the current year has been reassessed downward from Rs 60,100 to Rs 55,881 crore,\" said minister of state for railways Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury.The cutting down in total plan outlay due to shortfall in revenues through internal means is set to adversely affect spending on Railways' modernization and safety programmes.Though Railways has tried to put up a brave front and claimed that the available resources have been judiciously allocated as per requirement of priority projects, it has been pleading with the finance ministry and the Planning Commission for hike in additional Budgetary support to fund its pending projects and safety measures. But, the finance ministry has been pressing Railways to increase its resources through internal means or encourage private investment.Railways is losing around Rs 24,000 crore every year in cross-subsidizing passenger travel by freezing fare hike under popular pressure since last 10 years. The freight loading target has also been revised downwards. Railway minister Pawan Bansal is aware of the tough job at hand: To pull the national transporter out of financial mess and carry on with the reformist agenda.Bansal had admitted in Parliament about the transporter's failure to manage finances for completing its long list of pending projects. Railways needs Rs 147,187 crore for completing 347 pending projects related only to laying of new tracks, gauge conversion and doubling of rail lines, but could manage only Rs 5,000 crore annually for implementing all its projects. The transporter is pinning hope on timely completion of UPA's ambitious dedicated freight corridor (DMRC), which has tied up its funding from multilateral agencies. The completion of DMRC will increase freight revenue as well as decongest tracks for passenger traffic.After getting the Union Cabinet's approval for its public-private partnership (PPP) models, railways is also expecting to encourage private investment. Private players have been demanding a clear policy framework for promoting private sector investment and foreign direct investment. Railway modernization requires an investment of around Rs 8.4 trillion in the next five years, of which Rs 2.30 trillion are likely to be raised through PPP ventures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606801", "title": "Kudankulam may not start generation this year", "text": "CHENNAI: The Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project will once again miss the target as the time frame of commissioning of the first unit has now been revised to the new year.Commercial operation of the 1,000MW first unit, where 99.65% of the physical progress has been completed, is expected to take place in January next, Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited ( NPCIL) said.Minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy, who has been monitoring the progress of the Indo-Russian project, hit by protests over safety concerns, had informed Lok Sabha last week that Unit-I was likely to be commissioned by this month end.Similarly, commercial operation of the second unit has also been fixed for August next year.\"Preparatory works are going on. Each and every step of is being monitored by the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board. We are doing our best to commission it as soon as possible,\" sources in the Plant said.M Pushparayan, a leader of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy, spearheading the over year-long stir demanding scrapping of the KKNPP, said though it has been said the commissioning would take place some time this month \"now, we heard that they have given a date on January 15\".After resorting to a series of protests including 'sea siege' of the plant, located in Tamil Nadu's Tirunelveli district, PMANE now wants a national debate on the Centre's 'ambitious and aggressive' nuclear power programme and intends to make it an issue in the Lok Sabha elections.\"If the Congress, BJP or any other party manage to convince the Indian voters about full-scale nuclearisation of the country and obtain absolute majority in the next Parliament, we will call off the ongoing struggle against the project immediately,\" PMANE said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "17607170", "title": "Sons murder their father, absconding", "text": "SHRAVASTI: Four sons, along with some associates, allegedly murdered their father here on Thursday morning. The accused are absconding. The victim's daughter has lodged a complaint with Kotwali city police against her three brothers and their three associates.According to police, Mansharam (60), a resident of Badhjaipurwa was dragged to a field by his sons -- Shilajeet, Gauri, Mathan and Pujari along with their three friends. They killed him with a sword and fled. Mansharam's daughters, Gayatri and Jugra, heard the shriek and rushed to the spot. The police reached the spot and sent the body for postmortem. Mansharam's daughter Gayatri has submitted the application Bhinga kotwali against her brothers Shilajeet, Gauri, Mathan, Pujari and three others Ram Samujh Pandit, his son Bablu and Rakharam of the same village. The inspector in charge Shubh Suchitsaid a case has been registered and the investigation was underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607035", "title": "A book chronicling Satyam saga in the making", "text": "MANGALORE: The inside story of Indian corporate industry's biggest fraud perpetrated by promoters of Satyam Services Limited (now Mahindra Satyam ) will come out in the form of a book in mid 2013.Penned by T N Manoharan, former president, The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, the book will chart the sequence of events at Satyam from the time Ramalingam Raju admitted to forging revenue numbers to the takeover of Satyam by Mahindra.With 75% of research work on the book done, Manoharan, formerly government nominated director and now independent director on Mahindra Satyam's board, has set himself a target to complete rest of the research by end of March 2013. His busy schedule does not permit him to devote enough time for this project. \"I will take a break of around 15 days shortly to complete the work and structure it into different chapters and happenings,\" he said.In an informal chat with TOI on the sidelines of a two-day state-level CA students' conference organised by Mangalore branch of South India Regional Council of the ICAI on Thursday, he said the book will be about the revival story of Satyam. The processes related to actual publication of the book will start post March 2013 and hopefully it should hit the bookshelves sometime in June, Manoharan said, adding that he was looking for a global publisher.The book per se will be in two parts. The first part will look at the revival story of Satyam post Raju's confession to corporate fraud and the second part will dwell into lessons readers can pick for themselves. \"There will be aspects that one as individuals can pick as well as lessons for the corporate sector to read and understand,\" he said, surmising that Satyam debacle can be characterised as one bordering on greed and lack of corporate governance.Admitting that he was yet to come up with a title for the book, Manoharan said the working title was 'Experiments with Satyam'. Given that gennext is into e-books, Manoharan said he was not averse to exploring these formats, besides the traditional paperback and hardbound formats. The pricing and place of launch will depend on the publisher, Manoharan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607747", "title": "Yeddyurappa threatens to bring down Shettar government", "text": "MYSORE: Former chief minister and Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) founder B S Yeddyurappa on Thursday put the BJP government on notice, indicating that he could try and destabilize it.Though he has made known his unhappiness with the Jagadish Shettar-led state government, he had stopped short of saying that he will bring it down.\"The administration has collapsed in the state. If I allow the situation to continue, I'll be doing injustice to the people,\" the KJP chief said, indicating his political strategy, which he will finalize after meeting the ministers supporting him during the weekend. When pressed, he said: \"This is a coalition government, and I'll have to consult the ministers and MLAs supporting me and decide in this regard. I'll ask them what they want me to do,\" he added.Yeddyurappa reiterated his demand for the dissolution of the assembly, arguing that Shettar has lost majority. But Yeddyurappa ruled out pulling the plug on the government by asking the 14 MLAs who attended the KJP rally in Haveri, supporting him to resign. \"Why? That is a political strategy,\" he claimed.He asked Shettar to order a comprehensive probe into the mining activities since 2000, and denied that he was involved in illegal mining. According to him, prominent personalities in Karnataka, including Jnanpith awardee U R Ananthamurthy, writers Chandrashekhar Patil and Ham Pa Nagarajaiah and entrepreneur Mohandas Pai, have extended their support to his new political venture. \"They have told me that they could not support him when he was in BJP. Now, they want me to be more secular,\" he said, adding that he will embark on a statewide tour starting from Basava Kalyan in Decemebr-end.DENOTIFICATIONYeddyurappa defended denotification of land, arguing that the CM has powers to do so. When asked bout the CAG report on land denofication tabled in the assembly that has indicted him, he said: \"The CM is empowered to denotify land acquired for public purposes. Why are they targeting me alone?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606444", "title": "Sit-ups closely linked to mortality risk, study finds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can you sit and rise from the floor unaided and without holding an object for support?Now, scientists say that ability to sit and rise from the floor is closely correlated with all-cause mortality risk.This test of musculo-skeletal fitness is a \"strong predictor\" of mortality among middle-aged and senior citizens.This was found in a study of more than 2,000 middle-aged and older men and women performed in Brazil and announced by European Journal of Cardiovascular Prevention on Thursday.During the study period, 159 subjects died, indicating a mortality rate of 7.9%.The majority of these deaths occurred in people with low test scores indeed, only two of the deaths were in subjects, who had gained a composite score of 10.Analysis found that survival in each of the four categories differed with high statistical significance.Subjects, who failed to get up without holding onto something had a five-six times higher risk of death than those in the reference group, who could perform the task. However, in this study a composite score below 8 (i.e. requiring more than one hand or knee support to sit and rise from the floor in a stable way) were associated with a two-fold higher death rate over the 6.3-year study period.Dr Claudio Gil Araujo from an exercise medicine clinic said, \"A high score in the sitting-rising test might reflect the capacity to successfully perform a wide range of activities of daily living, such as bending over to pick up a newspaper or a pair of glasses from under a table.\"\"Even more relevant,\" reported the investigators, \"is the fact that a one-point increment in the sitting-rising score was related to a 21% reduction in mortality.\"Dr Araujo said, \"It is well known that aerobic fitness is strongly related to survival, but our study also shows that maintaining high levels of body flexibility, muscle strength, power-to-body weight ratio and co-ordination are not only good for performing daily activities but have a favourable influence on life expectancy.\"\"When compared to other approaches to functional testing,\" said Dr Araujo, adding, \"the sitting-rising test does not require specific equipment and is safe, easy to apply in a short time period (less than 2 minutes), and reliably scored. In our clinical practice, the test has been shown over the past 10 years to be useful and practical for application to a large spectrum of populations, ranging from pediatric to geriatric.\"The assessment was performed in 2,002 adults of both sexes and with ages ranging between 51 and 80 years. The subjects were followed-up from the date of the baseline test until the date of death or 31 October 2011, a median follow-up of 6.3 years.Before starting the test, they were told: \"Without worrying about the speed of movement, try to sit and then to rise from the floor, using the minimum support that you believe is needed.\"Dr Araujo emphasized the great potential of the sitting-rising test among primary care physicians looking for a quick appraisal of musculo-skeletal fitness in clinical or industrial settings. \"If a middle-aged or older man or woman can sit and rise from the floor using just one hand or even better without the help of a hand they are not only in the higher quartile of musculo-skeletal fitness but their survival prognosis is probably better than that of those unable to do so.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605711", "title": "CPM against FDI rollout till Walmart probe is over", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Thursday demanded the Congress-led UPA government operationalise its decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail after the enquiry into Walmart's lobbying is over. The government would also have to wait for Parliament to dispose of amendments to FEMA made by the Reserve Bank of India before it can go ahead with FDI in retail .The FEMA amendments that allow 51% FDI in multi-brand retail were tabled in the Rajya Sabha on Thursday. Two weeks ago, five amendments notified by the RBI between May and October were tabled in the Lok Sabha by Namo Narayan Meena, minister of state for finance.\"Why this gap of two weeks between tabling the FEMA amendments in Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha?\" asjed CPM Rajya Sabha MP Sitaram Yechury.The government had earlier said it was enough to pass the notification in one house of Parliament. Opposition parties, especially the CPM, have been demanding a vote on the FEMA amendments.Starting Thursday, the opposition in Rajya Sabha can move amendments or annulments within 30 sittings. \"We will move for amendments and annulments, some now and some in the beginning of the budget session,\" said Yechury.Under Section 47 of FEMA, 1999, the RBI can amend rules to allow FDI in retail. But, Section 48 of the FEMA says every rule and regulation made under this Act should be laid for consideration in each House of Parliament as soon as possible.Once the amendments are tabled in the House, the members can move for their annulment or amendment.Opposition members in Rajya Sabha though wanted the Chair to clarify if the time for tabling amendments in the upper house will be calculated starting Thursday.\"According to law, members have 30 days to move amendments. Will our time start from today?,\" asked Yechury.Deputy chairman P J Kurien said Rajya Sabha proceedings will be as per law.So, the amendments tabled in the House have to be disposed of through voting within 30 sittings. \"Hence, the disposing off of any amendment can only take place in the next budget session of the Parliament. Thus, the government cannot legally operationalise this decision before these matters are settled during the budget session,\" the CPM said in an editorial in its mouthpiece, People's Democracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17606650", "title": "Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti may seek fresh probe into molestation case", "text": "GUWAHATI: Expressing dissatisfaction over the probe into the G S Road molestation case, the Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) on Thursday said it is thinking of filing a petition at Gauhati high court, challenging the recent Kamrup chief judicial magistrate's (CJM) verdict and also to seek reinvestigation of the case.While addressing a press conference here on Thursday, KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi said the Kamrup CJM verdict has pointed out several loopholes in the investigation into the July molestation case.\"From the verdict, we came to the conclusion that the investigation was done to protect the prime accused in the molestation case. The Kamrup CJM has pointed out a number of loopholes in the investigation. We had doubts on the special investigation team and police officials entrusted to investigate the case. The verdict has clearly pointed out shortcomings in the investigation,\" claimed Akhil.KMSS has also demanded the state government to hand over the investigation to CBI so that a strong case is built against the prime accused.\"We are surprised even we were not invited by the public prosecutor to give our statement even after our organisation was responsible for handing over the CD, which recorded involvement of people in the crime. Was it an intentional move by not inviting us to give our statement in the case?\" asked Akhil.\"Now, we are actively thinking of approaching Gauhati high court to file a petition challenging the verdict and seeking reinvestigation into the case. The petition will also seek a CBI probe. The G S Road molestation case had tarnished the image of Assam across the world. We are not going to give up so easily,\" added the peasants' leader.Akhil has requested the victim of the case to file an appeal in court against acquittal of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607478", "title": "Sharif gives a miss to Kabaddi finale", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Pakistan Punjab province chief minister Shahbaz Sharif's much-awaited three-day visit to Indian Punjab has been cancelled, citing his poor health, a disappointed Akali Dal government said on Thursday.Sharif had been invited by Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Badal to attend the closing ceremony of the ongoing third Kabbadi World Cup.He was expected to arrive amid a mega welcome event planned at Attari-Wagah border on December 14.\"We have been told that he had contracted a severe backache over the past few days. It's unfortunate that his visit has been cancelled,\" said public relations and NRI minister Bikram Majithia.According to other top-level sources in the government, his visit was, however, cancelled only after an intervention by the Pakistan establishment, which was \"wary of attracting sharp criticism during his trip separate from the interior minister Rehman Malik, just weeks after India went on to execute 26/11 accused Ajmal Kasab \".\"We have had several communication that there was lot of pressure on him by their interior minister Rehman Malik as well as their prime minister to avoid the trip amid queries from India to take action against 26/11 perpetrators based in Pakistan after Kasab was executed,\" a senior officer attached in chief minister officer told TOI.There are rumours that the Pakistan government also objected to Sharif's participation in an extravagant ceremony on a day that closely coincided with Vijay Diwas - the December 16 -- anniversary of India's triumph over Pakistan in the 1971 war that led to Bangladesh's creation.Sharif, the younger brother of former Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif , was scheduled to visit his ancestral village in Jatti Umra village, 35 km from distrcit Tarn Taran, on December 16.On the same day, he was expeced to visit Golden Temple and Jallianwala Bagh.Preparations were in full swing at all of these places.The cancellation of Sharif's visit has also come as a disappointment to the peace lovers in the state as India and Pakistan are already set for a high-voltage title clash on December 15 at Guru Nanak stadium in Ludhiana for the men's final of Kabbadi World Cup.He had been also scheduled to help enhance business ties between the two states, with meetings scheduled between power, energy and industry ministers.Ludhiana-based Monte Carlo group and Lahore-based Victoria Cement had announced the opening of their retail units in the respective countries, just days after the November 4-9 visit by Badal Jr to Pakistan on Sharif's invitation.At the inauguration of world cup in Bathinda, Sukhbir had said that the Kabbadi World Cup, organised by his government, was an attempt to engage two rival nations in friendly talks amid the frosting ties that have seldom thawed post 26/11.\"This is one sport that blends the spirit and gripping saga of two countries. It's in these moments when you feel like seeing the two Punjabs growing together. For the moment, that process has been derailed,\" said Majithia, who is also Badal Jr's brother-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17607459", "title": "Day later, SAD sarpanch's 7 aides arrested", "text": "JALANDHAR: Seven associates of an Akali sarpanch, who were booked for attempt to murder, were arrested on Thursday. Sarpanch Rajinder Singh and his associates were booked after they thrashed one villager, Paramjit Pal on Wednesday morning in the presence of police personnel, who had gone to the village to inquire about a scuffle which took place on Tuesday night.While name of the sarpanch also figures among the accused, but he managed to escape.Police personnel in whose presence Paramjit was attacked had a tough time in rescuing him as a mob of over 100 persons was gathered by sarpanch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606429", "title": "ICU shooting: Who pulled the trigger?", "text": "GURGAON: In the ICU shooting, police on Thursday were confused as to who was the main accused who had fired the gunshots in the hospital. Police claimed on the basis of the FIR statement that the accused, Kalu alias Lakhan, was the person who had fired from the revolver, but Kalu alias Lakhan said that the firing was done by his uncle, Basant Fauji, who had his licensed revolver with him.Police said Kalu, who did not have a gun licence, seemed to be blaming his uncle to wriggle out of the situation and his statement was not reliable. Given the circumstances of the incident, the question of who pulled the trigger remains unanswered.A senior police officer said that the holes of the cartridges that were recovered from the spot indicated that the cartridges were of a country-made pistol. \"We will go by the postmortem report to ascertain which weapon was used. Bullets that might be lodged in the victim's body or the bullet injury.The other accused who was arrested on Thursday, 19 year-old Manjit, son of Basant Fauji, said in his statement that when he was going to the bank to deposit money, Joginder alias Jony and his associates brandished a gun at him and threatened to kill him. He then called his cousing Kalu, who rushed to him with other family members.Police have found out that there was a rivalry between the families for the past one and a half years.Kalu has stated that Basant Fauji was the one who had pulled the trigger and that no other member of the family was carrying weapons. On the other hand, the FIR statement of the victims' family alleged that Kalu had fired on the victims. Kalu claims that he is a student and has held any weapon in his life so far, something dismissed by police officers as a lie. The identity of the real %killer may be clear only after the arrest of the absconding Basant Fauji, who is a recently retired army man with a licensed pistol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17608081", "title": "Most women flirt to get their way", "text": "LONDON: More than half of women in UK admit to flirting with men to get their own way, with a fifth saying they do so at work, according to a new study.A survey of 2,000 people also found that 39% of male managers admitted to employing a female candidate based on their level of attractiveness . As many as 30% of the female respondents even said they used sex as a \"reward\" for good treatment from their partner or husband, the Daily Mail said.The poll results show almost 20% of men said they had gone on to have a relationship with someone they had employed and three in five employers \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 57% \u00e2\u20ac\u201d said they gave preferential treatment to attractive employees.Asked \"Are you more likely to give way to an attractive motorist ?\" 42% of men replied \"yes\" \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in comparison with 16% of women who replied in affirmative.The survey was commissioned by comparison website Confused-. com. \"So much focus.. is placed on how women can be seen as equals in the workplace. But our results show that many women will turn to their feminine wiles to... get ahead, should the situation call for it,\" Sharon Flaherty, spokesman of the company, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17608145", "title": "Bulk garbage generators on court\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s radar", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka High Court on Thursday directed the BBMP to depute within two days an official exclusively to track bulk garbage generators. A division bench headed by Justice N Kumar gave the directive while adjourning to Jan 7 the hearing on a batch of PIL on garbage. The bench directed the official to be present at all hearings to inform the court about the progress. \"They generate about 1,900 tonnes per day. They are a separate class. Take steps to make them obey the law of the land,\" the bench observed. On spreading the message to the citizens about the need for segregation of waste, the bench asked the authorities to use TV to educate the masses.The high court on Thursday indicated it will dispose of petitions challenging new garbage tenders as fast as possible. The petitions are scheduled to come up for hearing on January 3. The bench said: \"We'll do that on a war footing. We've already said no adjournments . Once that is settled, we'll know who's handling the garbage.\"The government, in its status report, said its 24x7 helpline gets 150-200 complaints a day on garbage. It was also stated that there is no uncleared garbage beyond 24 hours. The court was also informed that a technical advisory committee had been set up to look into the 36 applications on bio-mining proposals.The BBMP counsel told the court a meeting of NGOs and RWAs was arranged at the Town Hall on December 15 on segregation of waste at source. He also promised to take steps to implement Plastic Waste (management and handling) rules, 2011.During the hearing, counsel for some petitioners told the court there was a tussle between the supporters of ministers R Ashoka and Arvind Limbavali over the garbage disposal issue. \"Then it's free entertainment (for the public),\" the bench observed in a lighter vein.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17609327", "title": "How safe are children in Bangalore?", "text": "BANGALORE: School will never be the same for little Arya. Her bus \"uncle\", who she innocently called so every day, has scarred her for life. The five-year-old was sexually abused by her school bus cleaner in the school toilet.As Arya (this is not her real name) goes about telling her mother about the certain \"uncle\" who hurts her, a six-year-old girl in another corner of the city is being sexually abused by her \"uncle\", who even goes to the extent of admitting the mauled child to a hospital. The alert hospital staff sense something amiss and call the child helpline and then the police.Arya's abuser is behind bars after the enraged parents immediately lodged a police complaint. In the six-year-old's case, the caretaker had got the child's custody after promising to help her father and abused her for days. It's just another crime and another case for the police and the media. Like that of the seven-year-old daughter of a French diplomat who saw her father go to jail because he allegedly \"hurt\" her, Arya too will live with it.But the bigger question is how safe is the city for children. They are confronting monsters at the most unlikeliest places: the school where they make their first friends, where they learn their lessons, where they innocently play and enjoy their childhood or even the home whose primary reason for existence is to shield the child from the big bad world. Definitely not the places to get scarred for life. And how do you safeguard your little girls from perverts who are there just about everywhere-- at home, at school, in street corners.Ask any parent of a girl child. They are paranoid about letting them go alone even to a nearby kirana store. \"It's too scary now. Even the boys who stand and smoke in these little shops indulge in eve-teasing and making lewd comments. It may look absurd, but I never let both my daughters go alone anywhere. It's better to be safe than sorry,\" says Sujaya Gowda, who works in a prominent IT company in Bangalore.Sujaya's fears are not unfounded. Our rape laws are so weak that no one gets outraged when girls like Arya are abused. Last week saw the Bangalore police sending a poor villager to jail for stealing two saplings from Cubbon Park. Yes, stealing is an offence but not as severe as taking away a little girl's childhood. While the poor villager is still behind bars, child-rapists are walking out on bail. It's more than 10 days now. Sabanna, Arya's abuser, has been remanded to judicial custody. Everyone has moved on. The little girl has not been attending school ever since. Obviously her parents don't want her to be in an unsafe environment.But Arya is still not able to figure out why a friendly uncle hurt her. In a society that believes in preserving the honour of the family than bringing the culprits to book, in a system where police scoff at complaints of child abuse or release them on bail even before the case is fully heard, Arya will probably never get an answer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17607052", "title": "'Gehlot trying to divert voter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s attention\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "JAIPUR: Back from a prolonged absence, former chief minister Vasundhara Raje on Thursday lashed out at the Congress government in state, calling it a complete failure and accusing chief minister Ashok Gehlot of deliberately diverting the attention of the people from developmental concerns.\"The Congress - forever - has been diverting the people's attention from the development pranks; keeping them occupied in their own problems. The chief minister is doing just that. Already in the election mode, he made a list of announcements on Thursday. The announcements are nothing but an attempt to diver the voters' mind from the lack of development in the state,'' she alleged.\"I am surprised to see that the chief minister has been talking about social engineering and messaging even in the CMO.We are not here to talk that, we are here to govern and all he should concentrate on is providing good governance,'' she told TOI. She said that on the state government's anniversary the government should have assessed the work done and how much of what was promised has reached the ground, rather the chief minister was only making more announcement. \"Where are the flagship programmes that the Congress is so banking upon? Elections are round the corner, the Congress should fast unrole these schemes?'' she said. She said that by just making more announcement, the cm had once again put assessment of the development in the state on the back-burner.\"One cannot play tricks or be untruthful all the time. It is time for some facts to be revealed to the opposition and the voters,'' she added.She pointed out that while UP and Bihar had managed a special package for themselves, the Congress government had failed to get a special status for the desert state despite several attempts and the same party being in power in the Centre.She claimed that the chief minister lashing out at her and the BJP was also nothing more than another diversion tactic. ``How and why should the opposition's issues bother the government? How is it is concern? Whatever it is, the BJP will take care of it. His party has formed the government and he is accountable, what he does is a matter of concern, not what the opposition does. It's time for him to introspect his work,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17608268", "title": "At 100 plus, they keep 65-year-old India healthy", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17606309", "title": "Fake CBI men kidnap3 marketing executives", "text": "PONDA: Four unknown persons impersonating CBI officers abducted three marketing executives from Ponda on Wednesday.Ponda police said the conmen later released them at New Delhi and fled. Police said the three marketing executives, Prakash Naik, Sameer Shaikh and Riyaz (surname not known) from Belgaum had come to Goa and had supplied rice cookers to Nandkishore Vasta of Kalmamol-Curchorem for a payment of 1 crore.On receiving the payment, they came to a Ponda hotel and were to return to Belgaum on Wednesday. The conmen approached the trio and took them to New Delhi on Thursday afternoon, where they were released. After they informed Vasta, he alerted the police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605500", "title": "SC makes health certificate mandatory for Amarnath yatris", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday said every person wishing to trek to the Amarnath cave shrine in Jammu and Kashmir must obtain a health certificate and issued a series of directions to improve the route and make provisions for healthcare and shelter for pilgrims.Appalled by the death of hundreds of pilgrims because of lack of healthcare, pilgrim shelters and the treacherous condition of the mountain path leading to the shrine located at 3,880 metres above sea level, a bench of Justices B S Chauhan and Swatanter Kumar said the mandatory health certificate would be issued free of cost by pre-notified hospitals in each state.Importantly, the court said, \"At the holy cave, the existing grill should be replaced by 100% transparent fibre or any other material to ensure that darshan of the Shivlingam is not visually obstructed. In the alternative, the iron grills, as installed, can be permitted but the gaps between the parallel bars, which are perpendicular to the earth, should not be less than 12 inches, as they would help in giving a clear visual darshan of the Shivlingam and the Shiv parivar.\"The bench asked each state to inform the J&K; government by May 30 every year the number of doctors and medical specialists they would be sending for deployment on the two trekking routes leading to Amarnath shrine to provide emergency healthcare to pilgrims, who normally experience height related breathing problems. The largest health centres should be set up at the base camps, it said.The court, which took up the matter suo motu after taking note of a TOI report in June on death of Amarnath pilgrims because of lack of healthcare and basic amenities, said Piramal Healthcare's offer to provide pre-fabricated tents or toilets for pilgrims would be considered sympathetically and objectively by the Shrine Board.The bench found the trekking tracks to be too narrow for proper ingress and exit of pilgrims, which was worsened by the palki-bearers and mules which carry other devotees. It accepted the report of the Special High-Powered Committee and directed the state government to widen the trekking routes to at least 12 feet.\"There shall be provided separate one way passage for palkis and horses as one unit and pedestrians as the other, near to and at the passages leading to the holy shrine. Preferably on this passage, pre-fabricated walking path/matting should be provided,\" it said.The court made the chief secretary and health secretary of the J&K; government and the chief executive officer of the Shrine Board personally accountable for implementation of the judicial directions.Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Kumar said, \"We express a pious hope that this judgment shall serve a larger public purpose. It will provide a fair opportunity to the pilgrims to complete their yatra to the holy cave with human dignity, safety to their lives and with basic amenities being provided to them.\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17606629", "title": "Chit fund owner held", "text": "MALDA: A Trinamool Congress leader and chit fund owner and his son were arrested from South 24-Parganas on Wednesday night, police said. The duo was produced in Malda court on Thursday and denied bail.Younis Ali Mollah, the Trinamool president of Chandaneswar-1 in South 24-Parganas, opened a microfinance company along with son Iqbal Hossain. They allegdly collected money from the poor with promise of huge returns. But as the time to return money to the investors neared, they reportedly shut its Kalichak office. They were arrested after one of their agents lodged a police complaint. TNNSensing foul play, one of the agents, Sadek Ali of Kaliachak, filed a police complaint against Mollah and his son. Following the complaint, police initiated a probe and with the help of South 24-Parganas police, the duo was arrested from their home.As news of Mollah and Hossain's arrest spread , more than 25 agents gathered at Kaliachak police station. It is alleged that the company had planned to collect more than Rs 1 crore from Kaliachak alone. The company also had branches in Cooch Behar, Dhulian and 24 Parganas.More than 200 microfinance companies have blossomed in Malda alone and have targeted the poor people in lure of better returns. Union minister and MP Abu Hasem Khan Choudhury had also raised his voice against such companies.Sadek Ali said, \"There are 70-80 agents of this company, with each having 200-odd customers. I never thought I would fall prey to such a fraud. I was ashamed to face my customers who had trusted me and invested in the company. So I decided to lodge a complaint and accompanied police to South 24 Parganas to arrest the father-son duo.\"When the state assembly is rocked with the chit fund issue, Malda police arrested the owner and his son of one such chit fund from South 24 Pgns. The duo was produced to Malda court today and their bail was denied.It is learnt that Younis Ali Mollah (55) and his son Iqbal Hossain (25) were the inhabitants of Patkelpota, Mollapara of South 24 Pgns. Mullah is the president of Trinamool Congress of Chandaneswar-1 of that district. In 2011, they had opened a micro finance company named Bartaman Project Ltd at Rishipara under Kaliachak Police Station. Money was collected from local poor people and a huge return was promised within a year. The local influential youths were engaged as agents to collect money. But with the time of returning money was approaching, the company closed its office and Mollahs had left the area in July this year.Sensing the foul, one of the agents Sadek Ali of Kaliachak filed a complaint against Mollah and his son to police. Following this police began probe and with the help of South 24 Pgns police, the duo was arrested from their home yesterday.With the news of Mollahs' arrest 25-30 agents were gathered at Kaliachak Police Station. It is alleged that the company had planned to collect more than a crore from Kaliachak. The company had its branches at Cooch Behar, Dhulian and 24 Pgns.It may be noted that more than 200 micro finance companies are functioning in Malda alone. Most of them targeted the poor people with the promise of huge return. Already numbers of companies have closed their offices and agents absconding. But administration has done little to curb the mushrooming of such chit funds. MP Abu Hsem Khan Choudhury has already raised his voice against such companies which dupe the poor.Sadek Ali said, \"There are 70-80 agents of this company all of whom have 200 odd customers each. But I never thought to fall victim of such fraud. I could not show my face to my near ones in shame. So I decided to lodge complaint and accompanied police to South 24 Pgns to arrest the father and son.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606767", "title": "Tamil Nadu medical varsity VC may reverse policy decisions", "text": "CHENNAI: Diabetologist Dr D Shantharam, who took over as vice-chancellor of the state medical university said on Thursday he would consider reversing some policy decisions, including evaluation patterns, made by his predecessors after speaking to legal experts.Minutes after the swearing-in, Shantharam told reporters that he was planning to speak to legal experts about the stringent rules brought in during the last three years. \"I cannot commit on anything now. But if these tough rule are affecting the students I will see what can be done to change them,\" he said.During the hour-long function, senior academicians, including former vice-chancellor Dr C V Bhirmanandham said the university's decision to write \"passed with grace marks\" on mark sheets could dent the future of students. He also said the university should consider following Medical Council of India guidelines for examinations and evaluation of papers.The swearing-in was attended by health minister VS Vijay, health secretary J Radhakrishnan and former vice-chancellors Dr (Maj) D Raja, Dr A Anandakananan and Dr Meer Mustafa Hussain. However, the outgoing vice-chancellor Dr Mayil Vahanan Natarajan was absent.Dr Natarajan took several tough decisions during his tenure. While some practices such as awarding not more than five marks as grace , were welcomed, some of them were controversial.Students moved the court when he made it mandatory for them to get 50 marks in each paper when the MCI recommended a 50% aggregate in each subject. The decision was reversed for two consecutive years.Students have now urged Dr Shantharam to reverse some of the decisions. Doctors' associations, including the Doctors' Association for Social Equality and the Siddha Doctors' Association, have extended support to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17606591", "title": "Mock drill planned in Gr Noida on Dec 15", "text": "NOIDA: The district administration will undertake a mock drill on December 15 in Greater Noida to test the preparedness of various departments in the event of a hazard resulting from accident in any of the industries in the city using hazardous chemicals in their production process. The traffic department, health department, fire department and the pollution control board, among others, will participate.Officials said many industries would also take part. Senior officials worked out the modalities for the drill in a meeting on Thursday, chaired by city magistrate (Greater Noida), Anju Lata. A control room to manage the entire operation would be set up in an industry in Greater Noida and all departments would swing into action after it declares the emergency.The fire department will have to deploy adequate number of fire tenders to the accident spot. An 'incident command post' has been created, which would be manned by police and district administration officials. \"The simulation exercise is being undertaken to test the reaction time and adequacy of various governmental departments to respond to disasters,\" said Anju Lata.The drill would commence at 10 am on Saturday. Ambulances and medical teams would be on standby to help the injured and transfer them to hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17605903", "title": "Garbage burning triggers low intensity blast", "text": "HYDERABAD: A low-intensity blast took place when a rag-picker set ablaze garbage on the roadside near a biotech firm in Nacharam on Thursday evening. The rag-picker suffered serious injuries.Nacharam inspector Ashok Goud said Satyanarayana, a rag picker, had the habit of collecting copper after setting ablaze the scrap which he used to gather. \"When he set the scrap ablaze, it triggered a blast and Satyanarayana suffered injuries on this hands, stomach and other parts of the body,'' Ashok said.During initial investigation, police could not find any evidence of any combustible material. A bomb disposal squad of the Cyberabad police was pressed into service, but it proved futile as they could not gather any evidence. On Friday, officials from AP Forensic Science Laboratory are likely to visit the location to gather evidence before coming to a conclusion. The locals were shocked after hearing the loud sound.\"We suspect that some detonators or chemical containers might have been in the garbage, which might have exploded. However, only forensic experts can ascertain the fact,'' police added.The 52-year-old Satyanarayana, a resident of Mallapur, is undergoing treatment at Gandhi Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606119", "title": "Young legislators fume over stalling of work", "text": "NAGPUR: Angry over the continuous disruption of proceedings, young legislators accused the opposition parties for playing with the sentiments of over 11 crore people of the state. They appealed to both the ruling and Opposition parties to end the deadlock and begin work. A group of MLAs from Vidarbha have demanded extension of the session period while 11 independent MLAs expressed their unhappiness over not getting a chance to raise relevant issues in the House.\"We're accountable to the voters from our constituencies. They have pinned hopes on us to resolve their problems. We've done a lot of homework and also prepared notes before coming for the session. When will we get time to raise these issues if both the houses are not allowed to function,\" asked Niranjan, son of council deputy chairman Vasant Daokhare. He was elected to the council from Konkan constituency and has attended only one session so far.\"For new members like me who want to highlight issues pertaining to our constituencies, the legislature provides a good platform. However, with house proceedings getting disrupted we lose our motivation,\" Niranjan said. Endorsing him, another MLC from Beed, Amarsinh Pandit said that it is not proper to stall the working without debating or discussing any matter. Pandit, for whom this is the maiden session, was aggrieved by the fact that he has not been able to raise the issue of the drought plaguing Marathwada region.MLC Kapil Patil said that though he supported opposition stand on SIT probe, stalling the House can never be a solution. \"Is it going to remove Vidarbha's backlog and problems faced by the people? This is certainly not democracy,\" he said.Daokhare said that he was trying his best to break the deadlock. However, leader of opposition in the Council Vinod Tawde said that irrigation scam was a serious issue and the government is trying to evade its responsibility to order proper investigation into it. \"We are ready to work extra hours or for extension of the session to make up for the lost time,\" he added.Vidarbha MLAs Virendra Jagtap, Subhash Zanak, Rajendra Shingne, Dinanath Padole, Vijay Khadse, Kevalram Kale, Subhash Dhote, Baliram Siraskar, Haridas Bhade, Anandram Gedam, Bacchu Kadu and Suresh Deshmukh met chief minister Prithviraj Chavan seeking extension of the session. \"This is the fourth session in our term and has only around 8 working days. This is too short a session and does not allow us to take up peoples problems. The ruling party members are very often charged with non-performance. So either extend the session or arrange meeting with ministers and officials to resolve all pending problems associated with Vidarbha,\" the MLAs said in their letter to Chavan. Similar anguish was expressed by independent MLAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17607931", "title": "Anna\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s crusade gets a Gen Singh boost", "text": "VARANASI: Aimed at mobilising the country's youth against corruption, Anna Hazare and former Army chief General VK Singh will begin a campaign from Patna's Gandhi Maidan on the occasion of martyrs' day on January 30.Anna and Gen Singh announced the schedule of their proposed one and a half year long campaign to create awareness among youth while addressing an impressive gathering of students at Bharat Mata Mandir premises here on Wednesday. On finding an enthused crowd, Hazare announced that the campaign will begin on the day the father of the nation Mahatma Gandhi attained martyrdom. \"The campaign will be aimed at creating awareness among youngsters for their active participation in nation-building. We will be travelling across the country to hold meetings with youths in this regard. Around four to five such meetings will also be held in the districts of UP,\" he said.A huge gathering of students and student leaders from various universities and colleges of eastern UP districts was present at this meeting. Before addressing the crowd, Anna along with Singh offered prayers at Bharat Mata Mandir. Hinting that the campaign will be held in view of the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, he said that until the youth of the country realize the importance of their vote, the wrong people would continue reaching the parliament. One must have the right to reject wrong people contesting the election, said Anna, encouraging youngsters to be ready for a massive agitation during which they may face brutality and also go behind the bars.He said that it was easier to fight for freedom against British rule than it is to fight with our own corrupt people, but the task is not impossible. He said that in last 65 years, the country has witnessed immense increment in cases of loot, cheat and corruption. Expressing concern over the existing education system, he said that the poor are still deprived of their right to education and rich people are busy in trading of education for commercial gains.Reacting over FDI in retail, Anna said that inviting foreign companies and snatching land from farmers, selling rivers, forests and natural resources can't be termed development. Development can't be ensured at the cost of nation, nature and countrymen, he said. It is really unfortunate to see that a majority of the people are struggling for three square meals while some people are living to eat, he added. Anna also appealed to the gathering to stay in touch with the campaign by sending SMS on 9923599234.Meanwhile, Gen Singh emphasised on generating employment opportunities for youngsters. He said that over 200 districts of the country are Naxal-affected due to lack of employment and development in their areas. He said around 71 percent of India's population is young, but this is not reflected in the Parliament. \"We are being divided on the basis of caste, creed and religion. Common man's participation has completely vanished from our democracy. Youngsters should come forward to remove those people who have been exploiting the country for 65 years. Like Army personnel, everyone should consider their country as the first priority, he said, and called upon youngsters to join their campaign which will be launched from Patna.After addressing this meeting, the two left for Sarva Sewa Sangh, Rajghat to take part in a meeting with activists of India Against Corruption (IAC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17606593", "title": "Plan afoot to lessen red lights", "text": "NOIDA: To ease flow of vehicles and better traffic management between Delhi, Noida, Ghaziabad and Faridabad, Noida traffic police have synchronized the first set of signals along one of the major arterial roads in the city. They are now timed to allow traffic to move freely with a minimum of stops.Traffic cops plan to adjust the green-light time for the entire city's system of nearly 75 traffic lights. For starters, commuters can experience a free-flow traffic corridor on Master Plan-II road.In the first phase of the plan, synchronization will initially be implemented on selected corridors, like from Nithari crossing towards NTPC, Sector 55, and Flex crossing in Sector 61. \"The next routes to be orchestrated will the Master Plan-I and 111 roads. This would mean 'no-stop' movement from Delhi via DND, from Ghaziabad via NH-24 and from Faridabad via Kalindi Kunj,\" said Dharmender Singh Yadav, traffic inspector.Moreover, the decision of the traffic police to manually operate a few traffic signals during morning and evening peak hours will spell further relief for commuters.\"If commuters drive at a steady speed (about 40-50 kmph), they should get subsequent lights green,\" said MP Singh, SP (Traffic).Cops say that due to lack of synchronized signals, cases of people jumping red light and accidents had increased manifold. \"Poorly timed signals frustrate motorists and this in turn leads to a rise in number of red light jumping cases. We expect such violations to decrease once all signals are synchronized,\" Singh added.Traffic cops also said that they were mulling over installing 'vehicle activated signals'. \"The system has sensors which read the density of vehicles and automatically change traffic lights,\" explained Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610685", "title": "Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu Telugu Movie Review Highlights", "text": "Ace director Gautham Menon has come up with yet another romantic entertainer with Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu (YVM), which released as Neethaane En Ponvasantham (NEP) in Tamil. The director has once again roped in the hit pair of Nani and Samantha for the lead roles. Let's check the review highlights of the film to see whether Gautham can repeat the magic of Ye Maya ChesaveGautam Menon, who is known for his candy floss romance, once again weaves a script that targets youngsters. His key triumph in the production is the finesse in direction.Every frame and the stylised narrative and colourful songs (shot in exotic locations) makes the movie a visual treat.Movie's script is not a \"story\" strictly - it is not really a collection of events or vignettes as much as it is a portrayal of a couple's courtship. There's no drama or twists and turns in the film.The film, like Gautham Menon's earlier films, has a feel-good effect, It has some heart touching scenes, poignant moments, beautiful frames, and realistic performances, yet the film suffers from a slow narration.Gautham Menon accentuates on the school-time romance between Samantha and Nani, but the long spells of emptiness in the film, cushioned either by a song or by whispered dialogues lose you.The break up scene at the school level was well shot as if it was a natural transition. What's interesting to see is the love resuming at college level.Nani looks cool and young. He breathes life and charm into the role of a flamboyant lover and is bound to connect with youngsters.Samantha, as Nithya, is impressive too. She looks beautiful in her college attire. She is understated and expressed well with eyes. Once again, singer Chinmayi's voice perfectly suits Samantha's character and elevates her performance.Krishnudu's role (as Nani's sidekick) is a tad similar to his earlier role as Naga Chaitanya's friend in Ye Maya Chesave. He hardly has any lengthy role to play, but warrants a mention for evoking laughter.Technically, the film is good. MS Prabhu's camera work captures various locations beautifully. Some of the frames are almost picture-perfect.Maestro Ilayaraja's poetic and romantic touch also helps the film. In fact, the background score which is mellifluous and symphonic in many parts emphasizes the mood of romance in the movie.Anthony's editing should have been crispier, particualarly in the first half. There are a few snail-paced and uninteresting scenes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17606982", "title": "Municipal corporation divers save two youths\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 lives", "text": "BHOPAL: Divers of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) saved the lives of two youths on Thursday when they attempted to commit suicide by jumping off the railing along the VIP road.\"Umashankar, a resident of Ibrahimpura, jumped from the railing at VIP road into the Upper Lake at 12.15 in the afternoon.Similarly, Maksood, a resident of Mangalwara, also jumped off the railing along the VIP road into the Upper Lake at 3.45 pm.The two were saved from drowning by the divers deployed by the corporation and handed them over to the police,\" an official spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606533", "title": "Workshop to boost artisan skills", "text": "RANCHI: A workshop is being conducted for the state's artisans to help them hone their skill and knowledge so that they can present their handicraft products in a much better way for commercial purposes.The five-day workshop that began on Monday was organized by Citizen Foundation, an NGO, in collaboration with the development commissioner (handicraft), New Delhi.Pratyush Kumar Bhagat, the project manager of the NGO, said, \"The artisans usually come from rural background where the need is more to enhance their skills so that they can market their products and get a good remuneration. The workshop will bring them an exposure as well as training. Till now, the artisans have learned the craft of sewing and embroidery work but here they will learn about bamboo craft and palm leave craft too.\"Bhagat added that the artisans would get a wider scope to learn designing, packaging, marketing and cost accounting.Women artisans were excited to learn the skills at the workshop. \"I have learned the craft of sewing and embroidery but am quite excited to learn the skills of bamboo and palm leave handicraft,\" said Prabha Devi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605873", "title": "30 shops gutted in Old City", "text": "NEW DELHI: A fire raged through 30 shops on Thursday evening in Delhi's biggest electronic goods market, Bhagirath Palace in Chandni Chowk, causing losses running into several crores and leaving the affected building vulnerable to collapse.No one was injured in the blaze that started in a godown of the congested market around 5.10pm and quickly extended to most of the 40-odd shops in the building, feeding on flammable material stocked in the outlets.The fire brigade, aware that fires can spread fast in the densely populated area, sent as many as 22 fire tenders to fight the blaze. It was brought under control in about 30 minutes, fire officials said. Fire fighters said the three-storied building had developed cracks and was in the danger of collapsing.Eyewitnesses said they saw smoke on the second floor around 5.10pm. There were more than 100 people inside when the fire broke out. \"We could see flames in the windows. I think all the shopkeepers managed to escape from the building. One or two had to climb down using ropes... It will be a huge financial loss for the traders,\" said Puneet, a trader who has a shop in another building.Though Delhi Fire Services director A K Sharma refused to speculate on what started the fire, rescue workers said the cause was probably a short circuit. \"The fire broke out in a 200-square-yard godown of electrical items with a lot of flammable plastic and PVC material. The building is old and dilapidated. We can't enter the building as it may collapse. We are trying to prevent the fire from spreading,\" Sharma said.Power supply to the area was snapped as a precaution. Taj Hassan, joint commissioner of police (central), said there was \"no cause for worry\".The cause of the fire became a subject of speculation among traders. Some said it could have started after a cylinder blast while others claimed it was a short circuit. Most people, however, agreed that the fire was contained quickly because the fire tenders reached within 15 minutes.BJP leader Vijay Goel, who visited the spot, took a dig at the government. \"This area is full of unauthorized constructions and tangled wires. The government has not paid much attention to it. This electronics market is in such a conjested area that there were plans for it to be shifted, but DDA didn't work in this direction,\" he alleged.(Inputs from Anvit Srivastava and Shyam Aggarwal)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606379", "title": "Judge will monitor shelter home: Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday said family court judge Swati Chouhan would continue to monitor the affairs of the state-run women shelter home in Mankhurd, following complaints of rape and ill-treatment of inmates there.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar asked the judge to submit a further report on Navjeevan Mahila Vastigrah in four weeks.The HC also asked the state to ensure coordination between departments after the women and child welfare department urged the court to direct the health department to send a psychiatrist to the shelter. \"In a large number of cases, we find that when one department wants to take some positive steps, the other department does not cooperate,\" said the judges.Government pleader D A Nalawade assured the HC that steps would be taken to ensure that conditions at the shelter were improved. Nalawade submitted a report of the joint commissioner of women and child welfare department saying measures recommended by judge Chouhan would be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17605941", "title": "State govt signs pact with Gates Foundation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government signed a memorandum of operation with Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on Thursday for bilateral and technical cooperation in health, nutrition, agriculture and other development areas and sectors. The memorandum will remain effective till 2017, an official release said. Few months back, UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and Bill Gates , co-chair of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation had met and discussed a number of issues related to the foundation's work in the state.Chief secretary Jawed Usmani, who signed on behalf of the state government, said that with technical and management support, maternal, infant and child health would be improved and significant steps would be taken to reduce maternal, infant and child morbidity and mortality rates.Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation would provide required assistance for the technical support for the districts, divisions and blocks marked by the foundation, he said, and added that in the field of agriculture, production would be increased through research.Meaningful steps would be taken in reducing the rate of malnutrition and financial management by taking effective and positive steps through bilateral cooperation in these areas, said Usmani. He directed principal secretaries, secretaries and heads of departments to take effective steps for achieving the set goals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606707", "title": "Police launch search for college students", "text": "CHENNAI: Police have launched a search for 15 students of Pachaiyappa's College and Presidency College in connection with a clash in an MTC bus at Otteri on Wednesday.The driver, Murali, who was injured in the incident was treated at a nearby private hospital.Police said two groups of students were creating a ruckus in the bus on route 29-A (Perambur to Anna Square). When it reached Binny Mills, a fight broke out between the rival groups who had been teasing each other while singing songs. They exchanged blows and tried to damage the bus. The passengers were upset by their behaviour and the driver and conductor asked them to stop creating a nuisance.Despite repeated warnings, the students continued to bang on the bus. Enraged over this, the driver halted the bus, and some of the students argued with him. They overpowered the driver and attacked him. Before the other passengers could come to his rescue, the students fled. The driver who sustained injuries was taken to a private hospital. Based on his complaint, police registered a case and are on the lookout for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606113", "title": "VC \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcfake\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 identity: DU goes to cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: The office of the proctor of Delhi University has registered a case with the Maurice Nagar police after unidentified hackers created and used a false ID of vice chancellor Dinesh Singh.The FIR claims that a false account has been created in the name of the vice chancellor on ResearcherID, a service provided by Thomson Reuters.It also mentions that Reuters has said it is treating the matter seriously. \"I wanted to follow up on your case. I understand you have some concerns that the account was created falsely. If Dinesh Singh would like to have the account removed, our team can certainly do that. Your colleague can email me regarding the issue and I can work with him directly,\" the FIR stated, citing a letter from William Sickler, a customer technical support representative, to the DU authorities. The case was registered under Section 66C of the IT Act on Tuesday.ResearchID, hosted by Thomson Reuters , lists 22 research publications under Singh's name out of which five are authored or co-authored by another scholar of Delhi University, D Singh of Aurobindo College. The VC had said he had \"no idea how my account has been created there\". It was TOI which had first reported that Singh was mulling to lodge an FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607138", "title": "Melody of carols reverberates in city", "text": "PATNA: Christmas is unimaginable without carols! The air reverberates with melodious harmonies and not even the chill or the fog can mar the spirit of devotional hymns sung to welcome Jesus Christ in our lives and hearts.With December 25 nearing, church choirs have already started Christmas carolling (formerly popular as wassailing), where singing groups go door-to-door praising and singing famous Christmas songs declaring the birth of Christ and spreading the message of peace and prosperity. Carollers visit homes of the believers to proclaim the coming of the Lord and set in the mood for Christmas.The areas under the Queen of the Apostles Church, Kurji, have local choir groups consisting 7 to 10 people (sometimes more) who visit around 10-15 houses daily to spread the message of Christmas. \"The choir sings two or three Christmas hymns, wishes the family and says a small prayer at each of the homes,\" said Fr Johnson of Kurji church, adding a small idol of baby Jesus is also taken around to each home as a symbol of welcoming Him in our hearts.Fr Johnson added, \"Carolling is done to spread the joyful message of the coming of Son of God. In winter time, when people are huddling around bonfires or shut in their homes, carols are an attempt to give them a wake-up call for celebrations.\" He said the church had chosen popular old hymns to be sung as the children had not got much time to practice this year.The idea of Christmas carolling brings to mind jolly bands of church goers going door-to-door to spread the spirit of Christmas through hymns. Whether it's \"Joy to the World\", \"Jingle Bells\" or \"Silent Night\", Xmas carols lighten up the mood on winter nights.Carolling started in the Patna City area on Tuesday. \"We have about 12-15 people in our choir who visit 10-12 homes daily to spread the joyful message of Christmas at homes in RMRI, NMCH and Kumhrar areas, among others. It will continue till December 21,\" said Fr Jerome Capuchin of Padri-ki-Haveli church, Patna City.Choir groups from each Parish (church) visit other congregations, Christian institutions and churches too, to spread the spirit of Xmas. Many of the carols sung today are from the Victorian era. In fact, it is popularly believed that Christmas carols are mostly on the episode of Christ's birth from the Holy Bible, but several other events are also penned as carols like Angel Gabrielle's message to Mary, the coming of three Magi from Orient and the star of Bethlehem et cetera. Many schools in the city or Christian Institutions also hold carol singing competition to mark Christmas celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17607354", "title": "Pay traffic challans through mobile phones in HP", "text": "SHIMLA: Geared to turnaround police from being law enforcer to a service provider, Himachal Police on Thursday showcased facilities to allow online registration of cyber crimes and a payment gateway which enables compounding of traffic challans (tickets) over the internet as well as through mobile phones.Describing the process of handing out mobile challan for offences like wrong parking, police officer Satwant Atwal Trivedi said at an interaction with citizens and media, \"On a pilot basis, 60 mobile phones with designated traffic police personnel have been enabled with online data centre whereby challans for wrongful parking can be handed out. Information about being booked is relayed to the vehicle owner over a mobile phone number and an option for compounding the offence by making payment through mobile phone itself is also offered.\"The compounding fee can be paid online through the Himachal Police portal also, said Ashok Sharma, senior police officer, who has been instrumental in creating the user friendly police-citizen interface.The facility would reduce unnecessary harassment, especially for outstation vehicle owners, as well as traffic police and courts, said Sharma.Explaining the other services of the portal, police officers said that over 4,000 complaints are received in a year by various police stations online and another 2,000 through SMS service started in 2007.\"To solve the problem of lack of knowledge about jurisdiction within the police force and for any victim of cyber crime, we have launched a module for online registration that is monitored at police headquarters itself,\" Sharma said.Police will ascertain what clause of the IT Act has been violated and will also register the complaint at the police station under whose jurisdiction addressing the complaint falls into, he added.Speaking on the occasion, Himachal DGP I D Bhandari, said, \"The role of police in the state was changing from being a force to one as a service provider.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17606518", "title": "Food card queries flood legal cell", "text": "DALTONGANJ:: More people in the district sought legal advice on BPL ration cards from the mobile legal counter in the district.'Justice on wheels' programme, run by the Jharkhand high court's state legal services authority, received more applications seeking legal support for non-issuance of food cards for families below poverty line than Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) job card.Out of 285 applications received till December 8, 140 applications received by the mobile legal body are on red ration cards and only two applications are for MGNREGA, according to Vishnu Kant Sahay, chairman of the Palamu district legal services authority, who is also the principal district and sessions judge.Out of the total number of applications, 173 were from Dangwar, a Maoist-affected area. The legal set-up reached the village on December 8 for just five hours. Complaints pertaining to old-age pension, widow pension, Indira Awaas Yojana and family benefits, among others, from villagers here only show poor development work by the Hussainabad sub-divisional office, said sources.The 'justice on wheels' will be in Palamu till December 22. However, Pipra, Harihurganj and Haidernagar blocks have been scrapped from its itinerary as senior civil judge V N Shukla is not keeping well, said Sahay.One a complaint that no new MGNREG scheme has been taken up this financial year 2012- 13 in Naudeeha panchayat while the remaining one is related to a well under MGNREG scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "17604998", "title": "'Boy found dead on Koel river bed was buried alive'", "text": "ROURKELA: The autopsy report of the 11-year-old boy, whose body was recovered from Koel river bed, threw up some startling revelation. The boy was brutally assaulted and buried alive in an unconscious state. He is suspected to have died of suffocation.The doctors found the left forearm and rib of the deceased, Abhijit, broken. The mouth cavity and wind pipe was filled with sand.Police claimed to have arrested the main accused, Dillip Mohanty, an employee of Rourkela Steel Plant. Mohanty was a close friend of Abhijit's father, Pratap Kumar Pradhan.Abhijit, a Class VI student of Sector 6 Saraswati Sishu Mandir, was allegedly kidnapping on his way back from school on December 3. Locals had spotted the half-buried body on the river bed on December 9 and informed police.While police said Mohanty had confessed to the crime, he denied his involvement in the murder. \"Mohanty confessed that he and Pradhan were at loggerheads over money matters. He had borrowed some money from Pradhan and had not returned it,\" said additional SP (Rourkela) Sudarshan Sethi. He added that he had confessed to his involvement in the abduction and murder of Abhijit. \"Efforts are on to ascertain the motive behind the killing and recover some circumstantial evidence,\" the additional SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606642", "title": "Didi all praise for tridents, but mayor stops payment", "text": "KOLKATA: It seems chief minister Mamata Banerjee's praises on the Trinamool-run Kolkata Municipal Corporation board for engaging 240 \"small\" contractors to install tridents have come at a wrong time since mayor Sovan Chatterjee had already ordered the municipal commissioner to stop paying the contractors till the inquiry into the issue got over.Chatterjee had issued the order on Monday, asking the municipal commissioner as well as the KMC finance department to keep payments, which was being made to the contractors for installation of trident lights across the city, on hold. According to sources in the KMC lighting department, the civic body's finance wing had paid Rs 10 crore to the contractors since January. The KMC needs to pay another 20 crore for the installation of 20,000 tridents.The civic body had decided to suspend payment of the contractors first in July, when the finance wing objected to release of funds on grounds that the tender procedure was not followed properly and that the rate of trident lights was too high. But the department started paying them in October following a note from the municipal commissioner. However, that order was declared null and void by the mayor on Monday in the wake of a PIL on the trident controversy being filed in Calcutta high court. Though the municipal commissioner's office on Thursday confirmed the decision to suspend payment to the contractors, the mayor remained tight-lipped on when funds will be released again for paying the contractors.In a public meeting on Wednesday, the chief minister had publicly backed the mayor saying the latter had worked under her guidance. \"The idea was to speed up work without sacrificing its quality. I had done the same thing when I was the railway minister,\" Mamata had said.Rupa Bagchi, opposition leader in the KMC, came down heavily on the mayor, asking him to come clean on the issue. \"On one hand the CM is saying nothing wrong had been done while installing the tridents and on the other the mayor is issuing a stop-payment order. We want to know who is telling the truth,\" Bagchi wondered.Even Congress leader in the KMC Mala Roy alleged that the CM's clean chit was part of a well-devised plan to bail the mayor out of the crisis. \"The Trinamool-run KMC board has been criticized from various quarters for irregularities in the installation of trident lights. We are waiting to know the outcome of the PIL, the audit queries from CAG and an internal audit. Amid these difficulties, the CM has tried to boost the morale of the mayor and her civic board. But, this battle will go a long way and expose the board,\" Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17606305", "title": "No time-bound commitment from state govt on PMRDA", "text": "PUNE: The state government has remained noncommittal on the functioning of the much awaited Pune Metropolitan Region Development Authority (PMRDA).City MLC Mohan Joshi raised the issue of PMRDA in the state legislative council on Wednesday and said that the state government should not delay the process as it is resulting in haphazard development of Pune region.Minister of state for urban development Bhaskar Jadhav answering Joshi's question said that the state government has already decided to form the PMRDA. \"We will soon initiate steps to make PMRDA functional,\" said Jadhav. However, he did not commit a time-bound programme for the same.In 1997, the government had announced its decision to form the PMRDA. In 1999, the state assembly had passed a resolution in favour of the PMRDA, incorporating several municipal councils and corporations - including those of Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad, Lonavla, Talegaon, Bhor, Shirur, Saswad - as also the Pune, Khadki and Dehu road cantonment boards, along with other 100 nearby villages. The actual formation of the body is pending due to several technical reasons.It may be noted that polls for the Metropolitan Planning Committee (MPC) were conducted in April 2008 to elect a 30-member body. This was a major step towards the formation of the PMRDA, since the development of the region would be done according to the draft development plan (DP) as prepared by the MPC and implemented by the PMRDA.PMRDA is authorized to draft and implement the integrated development plan for the region and also implement the regional plan. Once PMRDA starts functioning, Pune region can hope for an integrated development plan and implementation of the same. It will have a long-term impact on the development of the region as the central government's funds under JNNURM would trickle down from Pune city limits to Pune urban area or agglomeration.As of now, municipal corporations, municipal councils and gram panchayats prepare and implement their own development plans. PMRDA will deal with matters of common interest in all these areas, including coordinating spatial planning of the area.MLC Joshi said that an all party delegation will soon meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan in this regard and request to make PMRDA functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605131", "title": "Private finance firms thrive under regulators' nose", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Rule: Every non-banking financial company (NBFC) must obtain permission from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to provide financial services to people. Reality: Many of the financial management firms, including chit fund companies, are operating in Bhubaneswar and other parts of the state in contravention of RBI guidelines.While Bollywood actor-cum-director Naseer Khan's \"villainous\" practice of duping gullible investors of crores of rupees blew the lid off the lucrative trade in 2009, the recent crackdowns on dubious money circulation companies exposed the thriving non-banking business in Odisha. The Odisha police have registered cases against as many as 18 unscrupulous NBFCs in the last 10 months. Among the big catch were Seashore Company, Sai Pragati Assets and Properties Limited, Safex Infra India Limited and Ashore Group. Many of the controversial companies first won the confidence of depositors by ensuring prompt payments for some months and then suddenly disappeared with large sums of money. In many cases, the investors didn't approach police fearing loss of money if the operator was arrested.Going by the updates on RBI website, only one Bhubaneswar-based NBFC in Odisha has the permission to collect deposits from the public. Eight other companies, which were earlier granted permission to do business, vanished till March 2012. Out these companies, three had offices in Bhubaneswar, two in Sambalpur, one each in Balasore , Rayagada and Puri, RBI sources said. Though registered with RBI, 15 companies are currently not accepting public deposits. The RBI recently cancelled registration of a company in Bhubaneswar and rejected application of another, sources said.Citizens demanded better monitoring by watchdogs like RBI and police to prevent such companies from taking investors for a ride. \"The fake companies are opening up offices and looting people. But the regulators and police never ask them whether they have credentials to run the business,\" said Prakash Rath, a businessman.RBI authorities said they have been sensitizing people to carefully evaluate their investment decisions concerning NBFCs. \"Time and again we are issuing advertisements in media cautioning people against fake NBFCs. While police would take action against unauthorized financial institutions, RBI is initiating legal action against registered firms, if found on the wrong track,\" said a senior RBI officer. ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma said police are alert to the menace. \"We are constantly keeping a watch on dubious money circulation companies,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607227", "title": "Cong protest against civic problems", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Raising the demand to close open drains and referring to other civic problems, Congressmen staged a protest at the office of divisional commissioner here on Thursday. They raised slogans against the authorities and handed over a memorandum to the officials.Leading the protest Pradesh Congress Committee member and former corporator Mukund Tiwari said Kumbh Mela was fast approaching but Kumbh Mela authorities had failed cover drains along the Sangam route.Party leader Tariq Saeed said open drains were posing serious threat to the life of children playing nearby and animals roaming in the vicinity. The drains also pose a serious threat in terms of security given the fact that crores of pilgrims are expected to turn up during the mela.They warned that if the above issue was not addressed immediately the party members would stage a protest during the forthcoming visit of state chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606492", "title": "59 Reds nabbed in Ranchi dist in 2012", "text": "RANCHI: This year has been a successful one for Ranchi police in terms of its offensive against Maoist rebels in and around the state capital.With 59 arrests in 2012 so far, the district police, along with CRPF and other security forces, have put various Red organizations on the foot. The arrests include those of some top Maoists like sub-zonal and zonal commanders of the CPI (Maoists) and the People's Liberation Front of India (PLFI). Some arrested rebels also carried rewards on their heads.Ranchi SSP Saket Kumar Singh, who has planned and executed the offensive against the rebels, said: \"The arrests have been a result of a collective effort by the entire team.\" He added that the arrests have been made during special operations as well as other random missions in the Maosit strongholds in rural areas of the district.A total of 10 rifles, 18 guns and five powerful can bombs have been seized from rebels this year, along with detonators, ammonium nitrate, boosters and live cartridges. The huge cache of explosives that police had recovered was enough to blow up a large part of the state capital.Rural SP A V Minz - who has monitored almost all anti-Red operations in the area, said confidence-building measures initiated by the department in rural areas have led to the success.The prized catches this year include the arrest of Dhneshwar Yadav, a zonal commander of PLFI with six rifles, two revolvers and hundreds of bullets from Mahuazari village, 40km from here. PLFI zonal commander Yadav alias Kargil Yadav, was accused of various crimes and had fooled the police several times.He was arrested along with six members Mohan Ram alias Machhar, Varun Yadav, Prem Yadav, Pintu Oraon, Vijay Oraon and Sanjeev Oraon.Of the 59 arrests, around 40% of the arrests have been made from Bundu, Tamar, Namkum, Itki, Bero, Lapung Silli and Mandar. \"The arrests have led to lesser rebel movement in these areas,\" said Minz. The police have also increased the number of 'spotters' in these areas apart from the Special Police Officers (former Maoists who work for the police), said Minz.A total of 69 Naxals were arrested in 2011. \"There are 17 more days to go till the end of the year. We are working on several inputs. Hopefully, more arrests will be made this year,\" said the rural SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17607396", "title": "Commission puts college on notice for dress code", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana State Commission for Women (SCW) has issued notice to Bhiwani-based Adarsh Mahila College for recently penalizing four girls for wearing jeans and T-shirt. It has shot off a letter to the college, asking it to explain the circumstances and merits of the decision within a week.Commission vice-chairperson Chander Prabha told TOI on Thursday, \"The college could not impose dress code and fine students in such a way.\" She said the fairer sex in Haryana was already facing many kinds of biases and such orders would further undermine their status in the society.\"No institute can issue such diktat to enforce dress code in the name of discipline. It amounts to curbing their freedom,\" she said.College principal Alka Sharma denied receiving any such notice, saying, \"We have mentioned the dress code in college prospectus and also the ban on mobile phones. The college has banned jeans and western dresses on the premises, though we still allowed the girls to wear jeans if paired with long kurta.\" On December 7, the college authorities had fined four students Rs 100 each for wearing jeans and T-shirts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17607456", "title": "Cops streamline prepaid auto facility at railway station", "text": "RAIPUR: Waking up to complaints of commuters from Raipur Railway Station, the city traffic police have finally decided to improve its functioning at the prepaid auto-rickshaw booth.Prepaid auto-rickshaw helpline would be available to people who have complaints or feel insecure due to poor behaviour of auto drivers or police team present at the booth. People can call on 100, 109 and 0771-4287100 as well complain regarding any kind of issues they have with the prepaid autos.Visitors from other cities and the city residents have been complaining for lack of co-ordination and management at the prepaid booth. Many of them face problems even after getting the receipt from the booth as they have to convince the auto-drivers to drive them to the destination. \"We don't get any help from the police team sitting at the counter. Autowalas simply refuse in expectation of getting convinced only at a higher price,\" a commuter told TOI at the railway station.Passengers feel harassed when the auto-drivers take them from different routes making excuses of traffic jam and charge extra after reaching the destination. \"Though proper rates have been fixed by the traffic police, the auto-drivers enjoy the ramrajya,\" said a local resident.Talking to TOI, Balram Hirwani, additional superintendent of police (ASP), traffic said, \"The traffic police have decided to get strict with the rash auto-rickshaw drivers who charge more than the decided amount, misbehave or refuse to take the passengers hiring them through the booth.\"He said that traffic police will collaborate with Government Railway Police (GRP) and Railway Protection Force (RPF) to take such auto-drivers to task within this week. \"We are also shuffling the staff members and their duties with a total of seven-ten personnels at the booth. With one police sub-instpector, five constables, one hawaldar and few more, their duty would be in three shifts,\" Hirwani said. Acknowledging the complaints, the ASP immediately instructed to replace the team of women personnel sitting at the booth with men. \"Many times the auto-drivers do not take them seriously and it gets hard for the women officials to deal with them all on their own. Let's try another alternative,\" the ASP said. Another team of policemen would be deployed at the station to keep vigilance on the auto-drivers.Also, traffic police would now maintain proper discipline and make the stubborn auto-drivers follow the same. \"They would be parked in a sequence and follow the queue, or strict actions would be taken against them. They will have to take the passenger as decided by the prepaid booth. We will cancel their registration and in case of misbehaviour they carry the risk of being beaten up by the police. We have had enough of this nuisance now,\" said the ASP. Minimum fare for the auto presently is Rs 50 which is the revised amount after the petrol price hike.Currently, there are just 150 auto-drivers registered at the prepaid booth and all of them are the petrol auto-rickshaws. According to the ASP, the petrol and diesel auto-drivers have individual associations where in the diesel drivers comprise of share auto-drivers too. \"Now the traffic police have invited prepaid registration to the diesel and share-autos, who run the major chunk of passengers,\" said Hirwani. This way more number of people can avail the facility and would have a choice for travelling individually or in share-autos to save money.With nearly 280-300 passengers daily coming to the booth, maximum of them have to face problems either with the rent, auto-drivers' behaviour or the management. Following the continuous complaints and inefficiency of the police team dealing with the problems, traffic police have taken the much needed initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17606617", "title": "14 deported from Itanagar", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Capital Complex administration deported 14 people from the complex here for not having valid inner line permits (ILP) during its checking drive.Plastic bags, tobacco and gutka products found in various shops from Bank Tinali to Akashdeep were also seized and burnt near the DC's office on Thursday, an official release said.Informing that the district administration will continue with its drive in Capital Complex, the DA appealed to all to stop selling banned products.It also urged residents not to employ any persons without a valid ILP.The drive was carried out to check those persons staying and working in the Capital Complex without a valid inner line permit as well as to check the sale of banned items like plastic bags, gutka and tobacco products in the complex despite the issuance of a ban order, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17607629", "title": "Government passes bill to regularize houses of poor in cities", "text": "BELGAUM: With an eye on assembly elections next year, the BJP-ruled government is trying to woo the urban poor by bringing a law to regularize unauthorized constructions, including those within BBMP limits.The Karnataka Land Revenue (Second Amendment) Bill 2102 was passed by the legislative assembly on Thursday even as opposition parties staged a walkout.The bill entails that houses built prior to January 1, 2012 on 20X30 ft sites of government land coming under the purview of revenue department will be regularized. In Bangalore, houses built on revenue land within 18-km area of BBMP limits will be regularized.This will benefit lakhs of people on the city outskirts who have built houses illegally. However, this bill is different from the Akrama-Sakrama scheme for regularizing unauthorized construction in BBMP limits.A Joint House Committee (JHC) headed by former MLA AT Ramaswamy and Task Force headed by V Balasubramanian had in their reports highlighted that large tracts of revenue land worth several lakh crore rupees have been encroached upon and the government should try to recover them.Instead the government has passed a bill to regularize them. A senior revenue department officer said that a house measuring 20X30 built on revenue land in front of the Vidhana Soudha will also be regularized.However, houses on land belonging to city corporations, municipalities, urban local bodies, urban development authorities and town planning authorities, including town panchayats, won't be regularized.The assembly passed a similar bill on Wednesday that sought to regularize such houses in rural areas. This was, however, returned by governor HR Bharadwaj for reconsideration on grounds that it would be misused by land grabbers and realtors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605894", "title": "Two new Starbus routes started", "text": "NAGPUR: Starbus service operator Vansh Nimay Infraprojects Private Ltd has introduced two new routes from Thursday. Now, the city buses will also ply between Nara and Beltarodi. The second route is from Nari to Beltarodi.\"There is tremendous passenger potential on these routes. The bus service would benefit people residing in these localities on the outskirts of the city. The buses will start from and terminate at these far flung residential areas and pass through four major centres namely, Indora Square, Gandhibagh, Bus Stand and Medical Square. There was a long-pending demand from passengers to start bus service on these routes since the autorickshaw fares were not affordable for them,\" said Sanket Pande, general manager (operations), Vansh Nimay Infraprojects.The above buses will initially run on a trial basis at an interval of 30 minutes. Depending upon the response, the frequency will be increased accordingly.Recently, bus services on Kamptee - Khaparkheda route were stopped due to the menace of autorickshaw drivers who harassed the Starbus employees. In this background, beginning of two new routes is seen as a good move which will make commuting economical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17606577", "title": "'NE should become part of India-US bilateral relations'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The US ambassador to India, Nancy J Powell, on Thursday said the northeast should also become a part of the increasing bilateral trade between USA and India. Powell is in the city to inaugurate the American Business Centre (ABC) in the city.\"The opening of the American Business Centre here is in recognition of the growing trade relations between India and USA. We want all parts of India, including the northeast, to be apart of this growing trade relation,\" Powell said at the inauguration programme.She added, while recalling her first visit to Guwahati in 1992, \"It's been 20 years since I last visited Guwahati and I see that it has undergone a sea change in all spheres. I could see the difference while I landed and travelled by road to Guwahati.\"Similar centres will be set up in Patna and Bhubaneswar. The Guwahati ABC is the first one to be opened in eastern India so far. Powell, the first woman US ambassador to India, said the ABC has been developed to provide the best and real information on opportunities in doing business with the USA.\"We hope that the northeast will be an area, which can meet its fullest potential in the field of trade. We look forward to doing business with you,\" the ambassador said.The ABC here is a collaborative effort of the US Commercial Service office at the US Consulate in Kolkata and the Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC).ICC northeast initiative chairman MK Saharia said the bilateral trade between India and USA has increased 10 times - from $5.6 billion to $57.8 billion at present. Saharia is confident that the trade volume will reach $100 billion in near future.\"In the growing trade between India and USA, the total contribution from the northeast is very limited. This is primarily due to the lack of opportunities and necessary information. So the ABC has been set up to open up opportunities in business and further enhance the US-India trade,\" Saharia said.Later in the evening, Powell interacted with young leaders on regional cooperation and India-Pacific connectivity in a programme organized by the Federation of Industry and Commerce of the Northeast Region.The US Ambassador also met officials of Guwahati-based Foundation for Social Transformation (FST), which received the US state department women's economic opportunity grant in September this year. The grant supports FST's project on economic empowerment of women across the northeast. The grant will finance FST's livelihood and soft skills training for women in parts of Assam, Nagaland and Manipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607392", "title": "Pranic healing finds favour among Mangalore citizens", "text": "MANGALORE: Pranic healing, the ancient Indian healing technique used by yogis, is gaining popularity in the coastal city too with many people joining classes to learn the art.Pranic healing course organizer Rohan Shiri told TOI that a total of 30 persons have completed pranic healing course conducted by Yoga Vidya Pranic Foundation of Bangalore from September.\"We have completed three batches of basic course and one batch in advanced level. We have plans of starting Arahpic, the higher level course, in the years to come. Those who complete the course are given certificates from World Pranic Healing Centre, Manila , Philippines ,\" Rohan said, adding that more people are showing interest towards the art.Participants are given free CDs, books, other study material and food during the two-day training programme, he said. \"We charge Rs 2,200 per person for the basic course. However, we offer the courses free of cost for inmates of orphanages and old age homes. We are also open to offer free camps if organizations come forward with the proposal,\" Rohan said.Participants say that one can heal oneself from small ailments after undergoing basic training. Housewife Geetha Prabhu, who completed the basic course, said the course helped her to get relief from her illness. Reluctant to reveal the nature of her illness, she added that she was active now and able to do lot of creative work.Satish Nayak, a businessman, said he helped his grandchild get rid of stomach pain with the help of pranic healing. \"It is very difficult to find doctors at midnight. I healed my grandchild from my house and he was relieved from pain instantly,\" he said. B Madava, a bank employee, said that he was benefited through learning pranic healing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17608016", "title": "Drizzle adds to chill,mercury dips by 0.60 C", "text": "LUDHIANA: Intense chill gripped the city after a brief spell of afternoon drizzle brought the mercury down. The light showers were triggered by the prevailing western disturbance and this will continue to effect city's weather till December 14, say weather experts.Kulwinder Kaur Gill, assistant agrometeorologist at Punjab Agricultural University ( PAU), said, \"The drizzle was caused by western disturbance. It could not be recorded as the amount of rain was very less. Since the sky will remain cloudy till December 14, there are chances of night temperature going up but the day temperature will witness a slight fall. The sky, however, is expected to change from cloudy to partly cloudy on December 15.\" She added that the fog and mist will remain in the city because of cold weather conditions.With the drizzle, the maximum temperature saw a fall of .6 degree Celsius and was recorded at 18.8 degrees Celsius while the minimum temperature remained unchanged at 6.8 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607037", "title": "Customer gets a thread in cookies", "text": "INDORE: A customer who was served cookies at a hotel contained a tread in it, leading the person who consumed to vomit instantly. The friends who visited the hotel are now mulling legal action against the hotel.The incident took place on Thursday when Vivek Vishwakarma and his friends ordered coffee with cookies at a local hotel. One of his friends allegedly consumed the thread along with the cookie, which choked his throat and led to vomiting.\"I am disappointed by the service. To find thread in cookies was shocking. We are planning legal action against the hotel,\" said Vishwakarma. Meanwhile, officials of the food and drug administration will check the cookies samples collected from the hotel for microbial presence.However, the hotel has apologized for the incident and clarified that it outsourced cookies and they do not make it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606731", "title": "New corporation chief Vikram Kapur faces big tests", "text": "CHENNAI: The government on Thursday named Vikram Kapur the new commissioner of Corporation of Chennai, entrusting the 47-year-old IAS officer with the job of coming up with solutions to the city's major problems, including a failed garbage disposal system and crumbling infrastructure.Kapur, a 1988 batch IAS officer who was previously principal secretary, industries, replaces D Karthikeyan who will take charge of the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board and also hold additional charge of the post of chairman and managing director of the Tamil Nadu Small Industries Development Corporation Limited.This is the third time the AIADMK government has effected a change of guard in the corporation. The government last December replaced Karthikeyan and appointed P W C Davidar as commissioner. Less than five months later, in April, the government brought back Karthikeyan before again showing him the door.Officials said chief minister J Jayalalithaa is very keen that the corporation functions efficiently because she believes a poor show could hit the government's image. \"The new commissioner is likely to do some serious stock-taking immediately and look for a remedy to the civic body's ineffective waste management system and the terrible condition of the city's roads,\" an official said.A city clean-up was one of the first promises that Jayalalithaa made after coming to power in 2011. She set a 100-day deadline but the corporation let her down and failed to get its act together more than a year later. Chennai mayor Saidai S Duraisamy made similar announcements but, after the corporation implemented a series of hare-brained ideas, more garbage lines the streets than ever before.People living in the extended areas had reason to feel most hard done by, with the civic body failing to meet expectations that these localities would be developed after they were merged with the corporation. The corporation has completed less than 60% of the work in the first phase of the Chennai Mega City Development Mission, and the roads are in tatters in most parts of the city, but the civic body has already been earmarked funds for the second phase of the project.Kapur, who has been chairman of the pollution control board and member secretary of Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority, will also have to get the corporation to speed up work on storm water drains and find ways to tackle the mosquito menace and stop the spread of vector-borne diseases like malaria and dengue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606643", "title": "Not two leaves but wings of Pegasus, govt tells court", "text": "CHENNAI: The structure erected at the renovated MGR memorial is not the AIADMK's party symbol, the state government told the Madras high court on Thursday. \"It is not the two leaves symbol allotted to the party by the election commission,\" said advocate-general A Navaneethakrishnan.The matter relates to a writ petition filed by DMK legal wing secretary R S Bharathi, taking exception to the political symbol being built with public money.When the case was taken up for hearing by Justice N Paul Vasanthakumar, senior counsel R Viduthalai said, \"It is atrocious to claim that it is not two leaves symbol. A layman would be able to tell that it is indeed two leaves, which is the symbol of the AIADMK.\"When advocate-general Navaneethakrishnan said it was actually the wing of the Pegasus, a mythological winged horse, the judge said that did not appear to be the case because the leaves, on a stem-like structure, is separate from the Pegasus statue.Earlier, Navaneethakrishnan referred to a golden jubilee arch built at the Koyambedu bus terminus during the DMK regime, and said it was still has the name 'Kalaignar', referring to the DMK president and former chief minister M Karunanidhi.Viduthalai, however, said several government facilities are named after political leaders, and added that the film institute was known as JJ Film Institute earlier, and was later renamed MGR Film Institute. He said the Supreme Court had rapped the former chief minister of Uttar Pradesh, Mayawati, over installing scores of statues of elephants at public expense. The elephant is the symbol of the BSP.Justice Paul Vasanthakumar issued a notice to the government, directing it to file its reply in eight weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606062", "title": "SC allows minority colleges to conduct own entrance test for MBBS/MD", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday allowed private minority institutions, both religious and linguistic, to hold their own entrance tests for undergraduate and postgraduate medical courses but declined to stay the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test for the academic year 2013-14.A bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justices S S Nijjar and J Chelameswar in an interim order allowed 76 minority medical colleges, who were seeking exemption from NEET, to conduct their own tests to fill MBBS and MD seats.Senior advocates K K Venugopal, K Parasaran, Harish Salve, Rajeev Dhawan and P P Rao pointed out that since NEET was to take place from the next academic session, the court would serve public interest by staying it for a year.However, Medical Council of India counsel, senior advocate Nidesh Gupta, pointed out that many private and government colleges have already opted for NEET to select candidates and a stay on it would not serve public interest. But it was also pointed out that in some states, the high courts had stayed NEET, allowing state-based medical colleges to have their own entrance tests.The court, however, declined to stay NEET while allowing private minority institutions to conduct their own tests and posted the petitions for final hearing on January 14. It said the fate of the individual tests would be subject to the final outcome in court.The petitioner colleges had claimed exemption from NEET on the ground that they, being either religious or linguistic minority colleges, were entitled to autonomy in administration of their educational institutions under Article 30 of the Constitution.In the lead case relating to Christian Medical College, Vellore, the court had on October 10 allowed the institution to receive applications for its own entrance examination to fill MBBS seats. But after hearing Medical Council of India counsel Nidesh Gupta, the court had put a caveat saying this \"will not entitle the respondent institution to claim any equity on the basis thereof\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17607395", "title": "Fourth CII meet focuses on manufacturing excellence", "text": "AURANGABAD: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) is taking efforts to make every manufacturing company achieve a competitive edge in its business operations by improving manufacturing competitiveness by applying the concept of world class manufacturing, said Kulathu Kumar, Chairman, CII Marathwada zonal council.Industrialists were speaking at the 4th edition of the CII's conference on manufacturing excellence on Thursday. Manufacturing can contribute a major share in employment generation, they said. \"There's a huge potential to generate employment as manufacturing can contribute to people skilled in various areas, who can be accommodated in manufacturing,\" said managing director of Grindmaster Machines, Milind Kelkar.Every company should stress on special training sessions which can generate customised skill requirement, said Hemant Jog, chairman of the conference and plant head, NRB Bearings.The conference focused on 'Six Track Process'for manufacturing excellence.Experts from India's leading manufacturing organisations including Sumit Mitra, vice president, NRB Bearings , P S Lele, assistant general manager-engineering, Larsen &amp; Turbo Ltd, Mahendra Wani, plant head of Siemens and Saideep Rathnam, president and dean of Anand University shared their rich experience, expertise and their practicesAccepting that almost all industries are bearing the heat of slowdown the president of Varroc Engineering Pvt Ltd., K Muralidharan said, \"From last six months the industries are bearing the brunt of slowdown. Rising cost of raw material and slimming order books are dampening the growth of the manufacturing sector. India's manufacturing sector has seen slowdown last month due to the moderation in the local and export orders amid economic meltdown but the meltdown is not of high impact looking at the growth rate of US. But the impact in European market is visible to some extent.\"Jog said the slowdown should be looked at as an opportunity. \"One gets time to enhance one's skills and operation, and one should make best use of it,\" he added.The conference would create a platform for the manufacturing fraternity to share and deliberate on the best practice to accelerate the efficiency and competitive performance of the manufacturing industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606042", "title": "RLD seeks rail electrification between Barabanki, Jaunpur", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal shifted its focus to east UP on Thursday, when party chief Ajit Singh and his son Jayant Chaudhary lobbied hard for doubling and electrification of railway tracks between Barabanki and Jaunpur.Known to campaign hard in west UP, the two leaders met railway minister Pawan Kumar Bansal seeking inclusion of the projects in the 2013 Railway Budget. The rail route passes through Faizabad, from where party's present state president and former irrigation minister Munna Singh Chauhan unsuccessfully contested UP assembly elections. The stretch happens to be a crucial link between central and east UP.At the same time, RLD leaders also demanded electrification of rail routes in west UP as well. The routes, which came on RLD agenda included the one between Amroha and Sambhal, Bulandshahr and Chola, Meerut and Bijnor, Mathura and Aligarh via Raya, Mant (from where Jayant contested UP assembly elections), Sureel, Naujheel and Bajna. The party also sought electrification of the route between Delhi and Saharanpur via Shadra, Baghpat, and Shamli.Chaudhary claimed the railway minister has assured them of getting the stretches surveyed and allocating a budget for the project. He said that this will set pace for development of the state in the long run. Earlier, the two RLD leaders have been pressing for various development projects, including an airport, in west UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607158", "title": "New roads smooth terrain for unruly young bikers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With all major crossings and roads in the city being broadened and decked up in view of the upcoming Magh and Kumbh mela while denizens prepare to welcome the New Year. Festivity is in the air and in a mood to celebrate, there is rash driving by teenagers causing nuisance for commuters who often get hurt because of unruly bikers.The newly constructed roads are on one hand helping in smooth flow of traffic but on the other hand encouraging teenage drivers to take undue advantage of the absence of speed breakers because of which they either get hurt or cause accidents.In the Christmas-New Year season, youngsters are often seen moving in groups driving their fancy bikes full throttle, flouting all rules as traffic constables remain mute spectators, for the fear that the erring kids might belong to influential families. Although the recent drive by the traffic police to check commuters for helmet and licence showed some result, the traffic police failed to tighten the noose on speeding bikers.Moreover, since roads in all localities especially in Civil Lines have now been repaired, all the crossings have been broadened and with no speed breakers, it is an ideal condition for going at a fast pace.\"Children, by nature, are more reckless and not mature enough to understand the consequences of their actions or mistakes. For them, driving is all about thrill and looking cool. Speeding seems cool to teenagers but it can lead to havoc and that's where adults have to step in\", suggests A Satyanaryan head of the department of Sociology in Allahabad University. Teenage drivers are a threat not only to themselves but also to others as they are not sensitive to traffic rules and don't follow basic rules of safe driving ending up either injuring or killing themselves or others, he added.\"There was a time when teenagers sneaked out of their homes on their parent bikes' or cars and on being caught, they were scared if we threatened to call their parents. They pleaded with us to let them go and promised never to repeat the mistake. But things have changed drastically in the recent past as parents are encouraging teenage kids to use bikes and cars and as such they have no one to fear,\" feels a senior cop in the traffic department.In any English medium school of the city you can see almost 90% senior students on two-wheelers commuting to school with the consent of their parents. Are the parents not to be blamed here, asks S I Rizvi, a faculty of Allahabad University.\"I sincerely feel that wherever minors are involved in any accident, their parents need to be made accountable. They need to share the blame. Many a times, it is parents who encourage their kids to drive. They proudly announce that their 12 or 14-year-old can drive a motorcycle or a car\", said a senior teacher of the city. They teach their kids how to ride two-wheelers whereas ideally, youngsters should not have access to keys of the vehicle. Parents should discourage obtaining licence using unfair means and keep a strict eye on their children to ensure that they are not driving an automobile for fun before they reach the right age, he added.\"Children are restless, impatient and have a shorter attention span. The rush of hormones makes them drive fast, rash and honk wildly. Their reflexes are not as sharp as of adults and when required to react fast, they bungle and this leads to accidents\", said an expert of cognitive science Bhoomika R Kar. When such a thing happens, the rich and influential parents pay obscene sums of money as bribe to save their children, she adds.\"Obtaining a licence is also easy if you are willing to pay a tout. One can get a licence without even subjecting oneself to a test and because of this we get numerous requests from parents who want licence for minors,\" said a tout working at the local Regional Transport Office (RTO).It is not only the speed and recklessness of these teenagers that creates havoc on the roads of the Sangam city as more than often these bikers pose serious threat to the girls commuting on the road. \"It's common for us to be followed by these rowdies and they always pass vulgar remarks while overtaking our scooty. The worst part is that although so many others are commuting on the road, none comes forward and object to the activities of such riders who are abundant in numbers on the street of Allahabad\", said one of the students of Allahabad University who commutes from her home in Kareli area of the city.Another reason the menace is not declining lies with the indifferent attitude of the police. \"So many times we come across police catching hold of speeding riders but it makes hardly any difference in the number of such bikers in the city. Adding to their nuisance is pressure horns and fancy power bikes which have flooded the market\", says a resident Mohammad Sagheer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607768", "title": "Musical nite this weekend", "text": "MYSORE: Music bluffs are in for a treat of Kannada and Hindi movie songs in Kalamandira at 5.30pm Sunday.A nine-member troupe led by G Kavitha Kamath will mesmerize the music lovers with romantic songs at Geeth Sangam. They will sing many songs picturized on Rajesh Khanna at the musical nite. Kannada and Hindi hits from 1950s, 60s, 70s and 80s will also be sung. Compositions/ renditions by R D Burman, S D Burman, Kishore Kumar, Mohammed Rafi, P B Srinivos, Janaki and Rajakumar will be the highlights.Photos of artistes will be screened in the backdrop while the singers belt out the numbers. Kavitha Kamath will be accompanied by P A Kushalappa, and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607212", "title": "GRP men ready to welcome Kumbh visitors at rly station", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Visitors to Maha Kumbh 2013 unfamiliar with customs and geography of the region or historical relevance of the mega event are in for a warm welcome from the Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel who will be serving them as guides. The smart and soft-spoken cops will offer to help them get around and answer queries pertaining to Sangam city and the kumbh.With Kumbh commencing on January 14, 2013 and lakhs of pilgrims arriving by train, the Tourism department has imparted training to GRP personnel for improved communication skills. Tourism Information Officer (Institute of Tourism Management, Lucknow) Vishal Srivastava told TOI that GRP personnel were being groomed in body language and communication skills so that they leave a lasting impression on visitors especially those from other states.He added that cops were also trained in customer service, guiding skills, manners, etiquettes, besides in providing first aid. Most importantly, they were briefed about Sangam as well as other places of interest, culture, craft, and tradition in the city apart from the Kumbh.\"If a policeman knows English, it would be an added advantage for him as he can serve more visitors from different regions and countries,\" said Srivastava, adding, \"apart from the role of guides, the cops are groomed to take better care of pilgrims understanding their problems and helping them out.\"Tourism department has imparted training to around 4,000 personnel who would be interacting directly with or facilitating tourists during the Kumbh Mela. Srivastava, meanwhile, informed that commercial staff of railways like TTE would be given a training session on December 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17606373", "title": "Former PSI Gudlar gets bail in police-drug mafia nexus case", "text": "MAPUSA: The narcotics drugs and psychotropic substances ( NDPS) court, Mapusa, on Thursday granted conditional bail to suspended police sub-inspector Sunil Gudlar. He was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in the police-drug mafia nexus case.Gudlar was released on the condition that he should not leave the state and should report to the investigating agency for the next seven days. Recently, the court had dismissed the CBI's plea for the extension of time to file a chargesheet against Gudlar. He had approached the court seeking bail.Gudlar was allegedly caught on camera hobnobbing with alleged Israeli drug dealer David Driham alias Dudu's sister Ayala Driham and girlfriend Zarina Mazhrunova.The agency is investigating three different cases related to the police-drug mafia nexus involving 12 policemen and two Israelis- Yaniv Benaim alias Atala and Dudu. CBI had arrested the alleged main culprit in the case, Gudlar, and five constables of the Goa police's ANC.In another case, former anti-narcotics chief Veenu Bansal, deputy superintendent of police Naresh Mhamal and head constable Anand Salunke have refused the CBI's plea to undergo psycho-analysis and a polygraph test claiming that the results cannot be used as evidence against them and that the test is in violation of their rights accorded by the Constitution of India.The CBI has, in a reply to the court, claimed that they are very close to making a breakthrough in the case and unearthing the source of drugs in used in the case. CBI also mentioned that Gudlar is giving evasive answers and not divulging any vital information during interrogation.Gudlar, in a reply to the court, denied that he was not cooperating with the investigations, that that he was collecting haftas on behalf of his seniors and that he had planted drugs on Dudu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607232", "title": "Grooming bank staff with a dash of laughter", "text": "INDORE: There is little success where there is little laughter. These words of Andrew Carnegie seem to have inspired the Chetana Laughter Club, Indore to groom the young bankers to efficiently tackle the challenges of life.Till date, Chetana Laughter Club of Indore has groomed thousands of young officers along the pathway of self-triggered joy during the past one year. State Bank Foundation Institute (Chetana) was set-up at Indore to groom young bank officers. During their training, the officers have a brief tryst with laughter yoga. It is used as an ice-breaker at the beginning of programme, and as an energizer in between the sessions. Besides, there is a full-fledged laughter session held here every Wednesday evening. Debrati Dey, a probationary officer, came to the institute from Kolkata, unaware of what was in store for her.She says, \"The laughter session was one laugh riot. In this era of 'survival of the fittest', laughter club believes in the philosophy of 'survival of the happiest.\"Another probationer, Mohit Kumar says, \"This laughter club is truly fascinating. It has filled us with confidence and positivity.\"All the faculty members of this institute are trained laughter leaders.\"It has been observed that laughter yoga is conducive in creating a good environment for learning and community living. The experiment has been very valuable and fruitful for all at the institute,\" says Vijay Puri, a faculty member, who loves to attend all laughter sessions.The journey of laughter for the State Bank of India ( SBI ) started more than a couple of years ago, when the laughter club at the centre was kicked off with a bunch of newly promoted officers.On the directions of the then chief general manager, who is now a deputy managing director of the bank, SK Mishra, an audio track was recorded containing instructions for a brief laughter session. The track is played every morning over the public address system at the local head office and more than five hundred employees spread on five floors of the building chant 'very good very good yay\" and laugh in unison every working day.However, director, Chetana, KK Iyer, said, \"It is a voluntary activity available to our participants and there is no compulsion. \"A brief energizing session of laughter yoga was conducted by laughter yoga professionals Radhika Bisht and Jagat Singh Bisht, a bank official who is also among the faculty members of Chetana and the founder of the club, at the beginning of bipartite meeting between the then State Bank of India management and Staff Federation representatives in the city earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17607609", "title": "Supplementary budget to waive farm loans", "text": "BELGAUM: With an eye on the assembly polls, Karnataka Legislative Council on Wednesday passed supplementary budget amounting to Rs 9,197crore and earmarked Rs 4,000crore for the waiver of farmers' loan.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar said: \"We plan to spend Rs 1,442crore for the revised salaries of employees, Rs 1,818crore to waive of farmers' crop loan, Rs 1,250crore to provide electricity in rural areas, Rs 250crore for construction of houses under various housing projects, Rs 100crore for road maintenance in rural areas and Rs 100crore for rejuvenation of lakes.\"He said the government has decided to immediately release Rs 350 crore to cooperative banks for waiver of farm loans and the rest will be released in a phased manner. Taking objection to this, JD(S) member MC Nanaiah said the government should look to reduce debt burden on the state amounting to Rs 1.16lakh crore by plugging loopholes in tax collection and increasing the revenue collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606340", "title": "Speaker slams DDA for demolition in Mehrauli", "text": "NEW DELHI: Assembly speaker Yoganand Shastri on Thursday decried DDA's highhandedness while removing slum-dwellers from Mehrauli. Congress MLAs alleged that a wall of an old mosque in the area was also demolished on Wednesday.Shastri claimed that DDA officers had even ignored calls from the residence of chief minister Sheila Dikshit asking them to stop the demolition. He warned that this issue should not be politicized by anyone as the CM has ordered Delhi Development Authority (DDA) to build the wall immediately.The minister of urban development, Arvinder Singh, said an inquiry would be carried out to establish how the wall of the mosque, said to be over 100 years old, was broken by the demolition squads. \"Let me make it clear that no agency can carry out demolition without the permission of the religious committee in such cases,\" Singh said.Shastri, the Mehrauli MLA, said he was disappointed at the way DDA executed the demolition. \"DDA is un-cooperative, police are not with us,\" he said, pointing out how the government gets caught in the multiplicity of authorities during emergencies.However, DDA labelled the demolition as a routine action and claimed that it had not demolished any religious structure.According to officials, the action was taken to remove slum clusters from a green area in Mehrauli. \"DDA had carried out a demolition activity on December 5 against slum clusters that had encroached on DDA land near Picnic Haat in Mehrauli. A few days later, some people came back to the same place along with others. On Wednesday, a demolition drive was carried out to remove the encroachments but no religious structure was touched,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17607093", "title": "Assad will not be a part of Syrian future: White House", "text": "WASHINGTON: With the opposition coalition gradually gaining ground in Syria and now being formally recognised by the United States, the White House has said the President Bashar al-Assad must go.\"We certainly agree that Assad will not be a part of Syria's future. We have noted, as the media has, the progress that the opposition has been making. We still believe that for the sake of the Syrian people, Assad ought to leave now,\" the White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters at his daily news conference on Thursday.Assad ought to remove himself from power now because it is terrible what damage he has inflicted on the Syrian people, the lives that have been lost because of his brutality, he asserted.Carney said the United States would consult with its allies and others and evaluate the situation regularly.\"But we believe that providing continuous support to the Syrian people as well as non-lethal support to the opposition is the right approach,\" he said.\"We've been very engaged in assisting the opposition unify itself. We recognised the Syrian opposition coalition as the legitimate representative of the Syrian people, and we will continue to work with our partners to isolate Assad and to help bring about the day when the Syrian people can decide for themselves on a better future for their country,\" Carney said.Explicitly condemning the use of missiles, Carney said it is just another demonstration of the \"utter depravity\" of the Assad regime and the lengths to which he will go to retain power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607054", "title": "Woman doctor robbed, 6 held", "text": "INDORE: A woman doctor was looted at gun point in her dispensary in Khatiwala Tank area on Wednesday night. Police arrested six accused including a terminated army man in this connection.City SP, Juni Indore, Rajesh Sahay said Dr Geeta Sharma was looted at gun point.She was in her dispensary when the accused barged into her clinic and went away with jewellery worth about Rs 2 lakh.However, people managed to catch one accused Dharmendra when he along with his accomplices was trying to escape.Cops interrogated the accused to know the name of his other accomplices and arrested five other accused Vijay Fauzi, Rameshwar, Suresh, Heeralal and Jai Singh from different parts of the city.City SP, Juni Indore, Rajesh Sahay said Dr Geeta Sharma was looted at gun point. She was in her dispensary when the accused barged into her clinic and went away with jewellery worth about Rs 2 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606281", "title": "Day 4 too lost in din in both houses", "text": "NAGPUR: For the fourth day in a row, proceedings in both houses of the state legislature were marred by an adamant opposition crying for a probe by special investigative team (SIT) into the irrigation scam, while the government insisted on a debate first. However, there were indications that a compromise has been arrived at in a meeting between the Speaker and group leaders of various parties late on Thursday evening, and normal working would begin from Friday.On Thursday, after repeated suspensions, the house was adjourned for the day at 1pm while the council was adjourned around 2.30pm. Opposition members trooped into the well, shouting slogans, even as some essential business like tabling of documents was pushed through amid the din.Situation in the upper house was slightly better, as the question hour was taken up. But in the assembly, for all three days, the opposition has not allowed even this.As soon as Speaker Dilip Walse Patil called the question hour, leader of opposition Eknath Khadse was on his feet seeking the government's response to the demand for setting up an SIT in irrigation scam. Following noisy scenes, the Speaker adjourned the house for an hour - the time allocated for questions that members raise on urgent issues.After the house resumed, Walse-Patil took up the condolence motion. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan moved the resolution condoling sitar maestro Pt Ravi Shankar's death. It was seconded by opposition leader Khadse. But after this solemn matter, it was back to pandemonium as the opposition tried to stall all other business, insisting on SIT probe announcement.Home minister RR Patil said the opposition members had the choice to demand a debate under section 293 on irrigation but they deliberately changed the subject to 'electricity crisis' late on Wednesday night. He charged the opposition with not being serious on the matter and just disrupting proceedings without any valid reasons.\"We are ready for the debate. Let us start it now,\" he said. He was supported by PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal. Earlier, when BJP-Sena members were creating a din, NCP members trooped into the well in support of their leader Ajit Pawar and countered the opposition with pro-Pawar slogans.In the council, opposition members led by Vinod Tawde started demanding an SIT as soon as the house resumed after question hour. He was joined by other members, including Pandurang Phundkar, Neelam Gorhe, Diwakar Raote, Ramdas Kadam, and others. They created a din, shouting slogans in favour of SIT probe against Pawar.Deputy chairman Vasant Daokhare tried to calm them down but they refused to budge. Finally, amid pandemonium, the deputy speaker adjourned the house for the day. On Friday, a special discussion on the Indu Mill land has been scheduled at 10.30am.MNS group leader Bala Nandgaonkar said his party was in favour of a debate on the irrigation issue as soon as possible. \"We are in Vidarbha to discuss crucial problems of the region. Precious time is being lost in this stand-off. I favour a debate on irrigation but the government should also come forward to show its willingness to order a thorough enquiry in the alleged scam,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17605135", "title": "Water crisis may spoil your weekend", "text": "BANGALORE: Citizens will face water crisis on Friday and Saturday because the BWSSB will shut all pumps of Cauvery first and second stages for urgent maintenance work. Areas in south, southeast and parts of east Bangalore will be affected.All pumps at TK Halli, Harohalli and Tatguni of Cauvery first and second stages will be shut between 9am and 9pm on Friday to prevent water leakage at valve points. Even when pumps are turned on after 9pm on Friday night, it will take over 24 hours for water to reach households. Reason: the distance between pumping stations and city areas is 100km and the pumps gain full speed in 24 hours.\"Water supply is already erratic and such crisis will only burden us further and force us to buy water from private tankers,\" said Arun B Reddy, resident and management professional in Domlur.Kumaraswamy Layout, Basavanagudi, Banashankari, JP Nagar, Byrasandra, Adugodi, Johnson Market, Domlur, Austin Town, Ulsoor, Victoria Layout, Ejipura, Shantinagar, Neelasandra, Wilson Garden, Akkithimanahalli, Jeevan Bima Nagar, HAL II Stage, Byatarayanapura, Honnarpet and surrounding areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607049", "title": "Stabbed by friend, 22-year-old dies", "text": "INDORE: A 22-year-old youth lost life when his friend stabbed him to death in Chandan Nagar area here on Thursday evening. The deceased was identified as Raj Sharma, son of Tej Kumar Sharma, and a resident of Rishi Palace.As per police sources, youths were engaged in playing cricket at Gurukul School ground when Raj's friend Monu Sharma came on a motor-bike and hit the stump, which fell down.Raj questionned Monu's behaviour and both got engaged in verbal duel which took an ugly turn when latter stabbed Raj in his chest. Monu is the resident of Shradha Saburi Colony and he is the childhood friend of the deceased.After stabbing, Monu and his two other friends took Raj to the district hospital for treatment. Raj was referred to MY Hospital as his condition was deteriorating. However, Raj succumbed to stabbing injuries on the way of MY Hospital. The body was later sent for post-mortem.Police said that Monu escaped the scene once he realised the consequence of his act. As per the report, Monu is booked in a different case as well. Till the filing of the report, police had not registered an FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606454", "title": "Miffed para teachers threaten fresh stir", "text": "RANCHI: The state para teachers have expressed dissatisfaction over the human resource development's (HRD) failure to set up the proposed committee promised by the Jharkhand government to look into their problems. This despite the fact that the para teachers, who had gone on an indefinite strike over the issue, had called off their strike and joined duty over a month ago.In fact, the government's failure to set up the proposed committee thus far has led a major section of the para teachers to believe that the state HRD department is not keen to resolve the issue at the moment.Prakash Pandey, a para teacher, said, \"We withdrew the strike in the hope that the HRD department will look into the matter. Sadly, many days have passed and still the department concerned has not taken any initiative to set up the proposed committee to resolve our problems.\"State HRD minister Baidyanath Ram had promised the teachers that the committee would include three members of the para teachers's association. The committee was supposed to look into the demands like hike in honorarium and regularization of the teachers.Vinod Tiwari, district head of Para Teachers' Association, said, \"We have approached the minister several times before but each time he says it will be formed soon. We are now losing confidence in the government and do not think that the committee will be ever formed.\"He said if the committee was not set up soon, the papa teachers continue to fight for their rights.\"If it (commiitte) does not come up soon, we will again hit the streets and fight for our rights. We will hold a meeting on December 23 to decide our future course of action,\" Tiwari said.The teachers had been on a strike over the issue from August 28 to November 2.On the other hand, staff members of 52 temporarily-affiliated colleges of the state are also on a strike since November 23, 2012. One of the striking staffers said their appeals would fall on deaf ears as the state was still indifferent to the para teachers' demands.Spokesperson of Sambaddh Degree Mahavidyalaya Mahasangh Ravi Sahu said last year the government had promised to form a committee to look into their demands but since then no steps had been taken in this regard. \"It seems we'll have to call a strike again and this time we will not call it off until our demands are met.\"The HRD minister, on his part, asked the para teachers and staffers of temporarily-affiliated degree colleges to have patience. He said, \"The committee for the affiliated degree colleges have been set up long ago and it has already submitted two reports to me. Action will soon be taken on the basis of the reports submitted.\"About the para teachers, Ram explained, \"The committee could not be formed as the principal secretary was out of town. Now that he has returned, a meeting will be called to select the members for the committee. The committee will be constituted soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605145", "title": "RPF tightens noose around drug peddlers", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The East Coast Railway (ECoR) has tightened the noose around drug peddlers moving in trains and stations under its jurisdiction. The Railway Protection Force (RPF) arrested 10 criminals, mostly drug peddlers, last month from Bhubaneswar and a few other railway stations.\"Raids were conducted at different places. Seven criminals and three touts from stations and ticket booking counters were arrested,\" ECoR's chief public relations officer R N Mohapatra said. The RPF also recently seized around 5.186 kg of narcotics, suspected to be brown sugar, from Yeshwantpur-Howrah Express and arrested Abdul Hassan (41) of Chennai at Visakhapatnam station. Hassan was carrying the contraband packed in 27 packets in a bag.A few days ago, the RPF of Rairakhol in Sambalpur division seized over 37 kg of ganja worth over Rs 1.48 lakh from Puri-Sambalpur Intercity Express. \"All the recovered contraband were handed over to the excise department,\" Mohapatra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610870", "title": "David is one of my best: Vikram", "text": "Vikram and Jiiva along with director Bejoy Nambiar launched the trailer of their much awaited film 'David' in Chennai yesterday at a function held in Hotel Hilton. The trailer will be in cinemas with the release of Jiiva's film Neethaane En Ponvasantham on 14th December.David movie imagesSpeaking at the launch Chiyaan Vikram said \"David is one of the best films in my career so far and working with a filmmaker like Bijoy Nambiar was a relishing experience. I play a fisherman from Goa. There is uniqueness and difference in the story. It was great being part of it\"Jiiva said \"I was nervous initially when I heard that it was shot in sync sound but slowly got used to it. It is a nice platform for me to portray my acting skills.\"' David ' is a bilingual being made in Hindi and Tamil directed by Bijoy Nambiar and it features Vikram, Jiiva, Nasser, Lara Dutta , Tabu and Isha Sharvani in the lead. The highlight of the movie is that there would be two stories that would meet with a common end in the climax.David is a compelling story set against 2 different backdrops- Mumbai and Goa. The story traces the journey of an 18- year-old Musician, David, born into a family of devout Christians who takes guitar lessons for children in Mumbai in the year 2000 and a 35- year- old Fisherman, David, from the lower caste Vaiko fishing community in Goa in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605978", "title": "Laptops for East Delhi Municipal Corporation councillor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shortage of funds for development notwithstanding, East Delhi Municipal Corporation has decided to give high-end laptops to all its councillors. A sum of Rs 40.51 lakh has been sanctioned for this purpose.Councillors say they are unable to monitor the corporation's functioning without laptops. Interestingly, the corporation's website has been under upgrade for several months.\"Councillors are unable to do the work or monitor the progress of work sanctioned by them. In erstwhile MCD, all councillors were given laptops. These days, everybody knows how to operate a computer. We all have email ids. People can mail us their problems. Laptops will help us connect to the people,\" chairman, standing committee, East Corporation, Mehak Singh, said.The corporation will procure 64 laptops for Rs 40.51 lakh. The laptops will be with the councillors for a period of five years. At the end of their tenures, they can either return the laptops or keep them by paying just Rs 20,718.At a time when the corporation is struggling to boost its revenue so that it can plan development work, this expenditure seems avoidable. But the otherwise critical Congress, which sits in the opposition, was supportive of the BJP-led corporation's proposal for the first time. Officials say a majority of the councillors are ignorant about how to operate a computer. \"In erstwhile MCD, councillors had placed a demand for a computer operator. Councillors said that they should be given a computer operator as they don't know how to operate it,'' said an official.The erstwhile MCD spent close to Rs 100 crore on an e-governance project under which a workbench was created for councillors from where they could access details of projects sanctioned from their funds. \"But the website has been out of service post-trifurcation. We don't have access to funds-related data. We have asked the commissioner to fix the problem,'' Singh said. Officials say though a cheaper version of the laptops was available, the ruling BJP opted for dearer devices. Each laptop will cost Rs 63,226.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606376", "title": "Day after wall collapse, owner, contractor held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after five children were killed in a wall collapse in east Delhi, the owner of the plot and the contractor have been arrested.The arrested have been identified as Vijender Singh Gujjar (50), owner of the Dallupura plot and residing at Krishna Nagar in east Delhi and contractor Bhanwar Singh (48), a resident of Baragaon in Meerut. They were nabbed after raids in Delhi and UP. A third accused - Sunil, identified as the sub-contractor who was supervising the construction of the work on the ground - is still absconding.Meanwhile, the Delhi government has announced a compensation of Rs 1 lakh for the relatives of the deceased and Rs 10,000 for the injured.The developments come on a day the East Delhi Municipal Corporation decided to simplify the building plan sanctioning process in unauthorized regularized colonies. For long, residents of these colonies were unable to get the plan sanctioned or get the building regualrized as they were expected to prove ownership of the plot by submitting all the documents on ownership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17608035", "title": "Pre-term births spiral with stress", "text": "LUDHIANA: Lovers of the fast life, beware. Those long work hours, intense pressure, unhealthy competition and politics of office and home are not condemned for nothing. Take the case of Sapna Sharma, a typical stressed, overweight working woman from Sarabha Nagar. The tension affected not only Sapna but also the twin babies in her womb, who she delivered before term at 32 weeks.After birth, it took great effort to make sure the babies survived. They had to remain in an incubator and on ventilator. The first month, when they were admitted in the neonatal intensive care unit, was crucial.To make matters worse, this is not an isolated case. Gynecologists at city hospitals say 20 to 30% women are delivering their babies before term, which means babies don't get the time they need in the womb to develop fully.Dr Tapasya Dhar, professor of gynecology, Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) said, \"Nearly 40% of deliveries we conduct in CMCH are premature. We do deliveries of around 100 pregnant women in a month. Of these around 40 deliver pre-term babies. The number has increased roughly by about 10 to 20% in the last about five years. Pre-term babies are born in 28 to 36 weeks, less than the normal time of 40 weeks for the baby to be fully mature. Premature infants are at greater risk of short and long term complications, including disabilities and impediments in growth and mental development\".According to Dr Dhar, since pre-term babies don't have proper organ development, including the heart and lungs, they need an incubator and ventilator.Experts say one major reason for babies being pre-term is urinary and vaginal infection. Dr Manpreet Kaur, gynecologist at a private hospital in Model Town said, \"UTI and vaginal infections cause pre-term deliveries. Other factors include abnormality in the uterus, including cysts, loose opening, weakness of the uterus, hormonal imbalance etc and conditions such as hypothyroidism and high blood pressure also result in pre-term deliveries. Pre-term delivery due to medical problems like Hypothyroidism and High BP can be attributed to stress in life and modern day lifestyle. It is risky for both mother and child.\"She added that of the deliveries in her hospital, 20 to 25% are pre-term. \"In our hospital, we report 20 to 25% of deliveries as preterm deliveries. The number of such deliveries has increased by roughly about 10 to 20% in the last five years,\" she said.Experts suggest that preterm births can be avoided if the mother seeks gynecologist consultation at the start of pregnancy. \"The preterm delivery can be avoided if a pregnant woman with risk factors seeks consultation at the start of pregnancy. We can suggest medical procedures to prevent preterm delivery. We also recommend healthy diet and exercise to reduce the risk of pregnancy related complications. In some cases, we also recommend Yoga and meditation but not in all cases\", Dr Promila Jindal, head of the department of a reputed hospital in Tagore Nagar said. She said though 20 to 30% of pregnant women coming to the hospital deliver pre-term, the survival rate of babies is higher due to good neonatal intensive care units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606387", "title": "Promotion quota bill taken up for debate in Rajya Sabha amid high drama", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government crossed the quota in promotions hurdle in Parliament on Thursday with Samajwadi Party MPs withdrawing from Rajya Sabha after hour-long theatrics that saw the presiding officer threatening to use marshals to remove them.In the end, 40-odd marshals in black suits waiting in the wings were not needed and protesting SP MPs walked out, allowing the debate on the bill seeking to implement quota in promotions for dalits and tribals in state government jobs to get underway.Some deft backroom diplomacy by government managers Kamal Nath and Rajeev Shukla ended the SP-imposed veto and saw BSP chief Mayawati expressing \"full faith\" in Chairman Hamid Ansari after having lashed out at the vice-president on Wednesday for failing to ensure the bill's passage.Government managers met SP chief Mulayam Singh on Wednesday night after he returned to Delhi and again on Thursday morning after which he met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh a little before 11 am just ahead of Parliament proceedings beginning.The SP boss was reluctant to rethink his tough stance on the bill and is believed to have said he was prepared to face the expulsion of his MPs for a week. The government was reluctant to move such a resolution and instead made the point that he was coming across as the sole obstructionist.The Supreme Court ruling allowing the CBI to proceed against Mulayam and his sons in a disproportionate assets case may well have proved fortuitous. It certainly limits the SP chief's political options as he engages in brinksmanship with the government.Apart from securing SP's peaceful retreat from the House, senior ministers like P Chidambaram engaged in negotiations over an official amendment with BJP leader Arun Jaitley that aims to ensure that provisions emphasizing administrative efficiency are not jeopardized by the quota bill.Jaitley also made it plain to Mayawati that without an assurance that the relevant Article 335 will not be diluted, he would be forced to move an amendment on the constitutional amendment bill that cannot be passed without the main opposition's support.The resultant compromise relieves the government of a major headache in the wake of Mayawati's heavy handed message that she will not brook delay in the bill's passage after 15 BSP MPs gave UPA a vital win in the FDI in multi-brand retail vote.Congress's Dalit leaders like P L Punia asserted the development was a victory for the party as \"Congress showed the determination to see the bill through Parliament.\"The same pattern is likely to be repeated in Lok Sabha as SP leader Ramgopal Yadav told the media that the party intends to take part in the debate in the upper House. The government's pitch to the SP chief that he should not be the \"villain of the piece\" in preventing the bill, perhaps aided by developments in Supreme Court, seems to have worked.Ramgopal's discomfiture in fielding questions about whether Mayawati was the more valued \"outside supporter\" clearly indicated that SP will find it hard to explain its climbdown after having vowed to mount a tooth and nail resistance to the bill.\"Our support is not a blank cheque, we will take a call on issues,\" Ramgopal said, but the threat did not seem convincing, perhaps all the more due to the SC ruling on Thursday that keeps alive a CBI probe against Mulayam Singh Yadav and his two sons in a disproportionate assets case.The resolution of the SP-BSP gridlock raises hopes that the government will finally be able to pass the banking laws amendment bill and perhaps one other legislation dealing with either insurance or pension reform before the winter session ends next week.Managing to keep both SP and BSP on board is no mean task given the determination with which Mulayam had opposed the quota in promotion bill. He would now have to concentrate on repairing the impression that Mayawati has prevailed. Congress on its part clearly felt that honouring a partner who voted in favour of FDI - rather than abstaining as SP did - was more important.SP's eventual walkout came after deputy chairman P J Kurien named two SP members who were then directed to leave the House for causing disruptions. Discussion on the bill could start only when the SP members left the House which faced three brief adjournments.Intending to muster maximum support, the government has incorporated a 22% cap on promotions for which consideration of annual confidential report (ACR) will be crucial. Moving the Constitution (117th Amendment) Bill, 2012, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said the government would consider the efficiency in services part of the bill.The bill has the conditional support of BJP and clear cut backing from parties like BSP, CPM, CPI, Trinamool Congress , BJD, AIADMK and JD(U). Shiv Sena is the other political party opposed to the bill. Voting on the bill, which will require two-thirds support for its passage, is expected to take place on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17606430", "title": "Man held for snatching gold chain", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 29-year-old youth from Puliyakulam was arrested by the city police on late Wednesday night for snatching a gold chain from a young woman near Gandhipuram bus stand.The victim was threatened near Sakthy lodge premises near the bus stand as she was walking along with a male friend. The accused intercepted them and demanded that she give him her gold chain, else he threatened to arrest them and also inform their guardians.\"Although the accused was not in uniform, he introduced himself as a policeman and threatened the duo. They lodged a complaint with us and we took him into custody,\" said M Raju, Inspector (Crime) Kattur Police Station.According to police the accused was identified as Lawrence of Puliyakulam, a daily wage labourer. He was wearing khakhee coloured trousers and a shirt when he approached the complainants and introduced himself as a policeman. He stopped them on their tracks and asked them their whereabouts. He decided to threaten them further after he saw the 19-year-old girl was in a state of complete shock.\"They panicked and handed over the 1.25 sovereign gold chain to him. He immediately fled,\" Raju added.However, the couple became suspicious and approached Kattur police station and soon found out that they had been duped. They officially lodged a complaint with the police. Police said Lawrence was a first time offender. He was produced before a magistrate and remanded to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17606566", "title": "Two-day short film contest from Jan 11", "text": "GUWAHATI: To pave the way for talented and potential short filmmakers in the north east to showcase their skills, a two-day competition will be held in the city from January 11.The Brahmaputra Valley Short Films Contest (BVSFC) will be held not only to give aspiring directors from the region a chance to aim for global recognition, it will also give a chance to them for interacting with some great directors. BVSFC is part of the Brahmaputra Valley Film Fest (BVFF).The contest is aimed at giving an impetus to the experimental genre of filmmakers and filmmaking from the region and will also serve as a connector for the Hindi film industry to this region. Zoya Akhtar, Dibakar Banerjee and Reema Kagti are likely to be in the jury.\"The theme of the Brahmaputra Valley Film Festival is new-age cinema and the directors invited to the festival are at the forefront of cinema. Their presence will inspire directors in NE to share their stories in a meaningful manner,\" said Gaurav Gogoi, co-founder of YFFP and one of the organizers. The contest is for residents of NE states and NE origins residing anywhere in India. Short films, animation and documentaries of 10 minutes duration will be selected for the contest. The last date for submission is December 20, 2012, and information is available on- www.1takecontests.com.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607849", "title": "Councillors woo Pawan Bansal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With mayoral elections less than 20 days away, Congress councillors are trying their best to get into the good books of local MP Pawan Kumar Bansal . Not only did they try to meet Bansal during his stay in the city last month, they also made rounds of Delhi to stay in touch with him.Nominations are to be filed on December 28 while the election will be held on January 1. Frontrunners in the race are former mayors Subash Chawla and Pradeep Chhabra, municipal councillors Mukesh Bassi and Sat Prakash Aggarwal.Just to be sure, contenders are making contact with Bansal's relatives and senior Congress leaders in Delhi.According to a senior party leader, \"Each of the three contenders has his own claims to the top post. Subash Chawla has seniority and experience. Besides, he is a confidant of Bansal. Pradeep Chhabra proved his mettle during his term in 2008 and Mukesh Bassi has experience of nearly two decades.The decisive factor will be the fact that the upcoming parliamentary polls seem to be tough for the Congress and Chawla could be a better manager due to his vast political experience. But in the end, it all will depend on Bansal and the party strategy for the upcoming parliamentary elections.\"For now, no one wants to leave anything to chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607055", "title": "PUSU polls another feather in Nitish's cap", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has added yet another feather to his cap by reviving the democratically elected students' union in Patna University (PU) after a gap of nearly three decades.Even though the university students had been agitating for elections to their union all these years, their demand remained a cry in wilderness. Even RJD supremo Lalu Prasad who had served as the president of PU students' union in the early seventies preferred to ignore the students' demand when he was the chief minister of the state.It was Nitish who appreciated the genuineness of students' demand and favoured fresh elections. While addressing the Patna College's 150th foundation day celebrations on January 9 this year, Nitish had said that he was personally in favour of having a duly elected students' union in colleges and universities. But the union election must be held fairly and peacefully. \"After all, these union elections provide basic training of democracy to our youth. Students must take interest in politics so that they might become politically conscious. We have also reached our present positions through this route only. Colleges and universities are a sort of training centres,\" he had observed.Then, on April 9, the state education department directed the universities to hold election to the students' union as per the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations.Again, addressing a state-level Chhatra Adhikar Sammelan at the SK Memorial Hall on August 9, Nitish favoured representation of students in senates and syndicates of the universities. \"Universities can provide better training in leadership to students. Most of the politicians of the present time learnt the basics of politics in universities,\" he had said citing his own example.Catching up the idea of Nitish Kumar and honouring the government's directive, PU vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh, while unfurling the national tricolor on Independence Day at Patna College, announced to conduct the students' union election. And, on the birth anniversary of Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on October 11, the VC announced the election date.Initially, the volunteers of Chhatra JD-U, a student wing of Nitish's own political party, protested the election to be conducted as per Lyngdoh Committee recommendations. But, they also participated in the election and one of their candidates won also.The peaceful conduct of PUSU election would not have been possible without the active support and cooperation of the state administration. Deployment of such a large contingent of police and magistrates on the campus and repeated raids on PU hostels before the election clearly indicate the government support to PU authorities for conducting peaceful election and restoration of democracy on the campus, said PU's retired geography teacher A Sami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17609952", "title": "Karnataka boat crew rescued by Navy, Goa coast guard", "text": "PANAJI: A fishing boat from Karnataka which was fishing off North Goa with four crew members onboard was rescued by the Navy with the assistance of Goa coast guard.Official sources said that the boat, Vijovin, developed cracks in the bottom and the water started gushing in, creating panic at noon time. Following a distress call, INS Kondul, naval ship whilst on a patrolling exercise, had to rush for salvage operation.Within a short time, the ship arrived near the distressed vessel and immediately lowered its boat with the damage control party with engineer officer and medical team to render assistance, navy spokesman said.It was found by the team that the engine room was completely flooded and the boat was sinking gradually. There were 120 holes in the boat. The navy team along with the coast guard which had then arrived there with CG Sankalp, plugged big holes.With the joint operation, the fishermen were not only rescued but the boat was salvaged and towed to the port. The fishermen were joyous on return to the Goa harbour and thanked the Indian Navy for their timely assistance.It was revealed later that the fishing boat was registered with Karnataka government but the crew didn't have documents, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605627", "title": "BJP backs bill for promotion quota for SC/ST", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Thursday supported the Bill providing for reservation in promotion to SCs/STs in jobs but asked the government to make certain changes in the proposed legislation so that it takes care of \"efficiency of service\" and does not create \"reverse discrimination\".\"My party is fully committed to the concept of social justice,\" leader of the opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said initiating the debate on the Constitution (117th Amendment) Bill.Jaitley said his party supports the affirmative action for uplift of those who have been historically deprived of opportunities, but sought changes in the Bill pertaining to \"efficiency of services\" while granting such promotions.\"It is more a social scheme. It has yielded dividends but there are many miles which we still have to tread. It is intended to remove discrimination. It should not be implemented in such a manner that it creates a reverse discrimination,\" Jaitley said.Urging the government to reconsider the provisions in the Bill concerning Article 335 of the Constitution which deals with efficiency of service, he said that the Bill in its present form runs the risk of being struck down by courts as unconstitutional because the Supreme Court (in the Nagraj's case) had said that the efficiency of service is one of the criteria of Constitutional requirements without which the structure of equality of opportunity under Article 16 will collapse.He also cautioned that Parliament can exercise its power only to amend or alter the Article but not to change its basic structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605642", "title": "Mayawati puts her stamp on promotion quota for SC/ST", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mayawati has leapfrogged to claim authorship of 'promotion quota', leaving Congress behind in the clamour for credits and demonstrating that her support to the Centre may not be a one-way street in terms of benefits as it recently appeared over the FDI debate.The BSP supremo lost no time in slamming Congress for the plight of dalits after six decades of independence, leaving the treasury benches squirming after they walked the extra mile to deliver on her flagship agenda in the face of SP's unrelenting hostility. Congress had no option but to stand behind her under protest.Government managers claimed victory, saying they had convinced the BSP that 'promotion quota' could not be exempted from the \"efficiency clause\" enshrined in Article 335. The Constitution amendment bill grants that exemption but government will seek to remove it during the debate on Monday.However, BSP dubbed as superfluous the mention of \"notwithstanding Article 335\" in the bill. Mayawati confidant S C Mishra told TOI, \"A proviso in Article 335 already gives the liberty to relax qualifying norms for SCs/STs in jobs and promotions. The change in the proposed bill will not dilute 'promotion quota' in any manner.\" In fact, many believed it would only reduce the chances of legal challenge against quota.For all the claims of success in breaking the quota logjam, Congress appeared playing second fiddle to a fire-breathing Mayawati who was seen to have retrieved the bill from a hopeless situation created by Samajwadi protests.While her aggression against the Rajya Sabha chair and the government on Wednesday cleared the blockade, Congress came across as reluctant and taking cover behind Samajwadi protests.The movement on quota bill marks a success for all. While UPA can hope to push through its legislative agenda of reforms, SP has made its big overture to anti-quota groups of upper castes and OBCs. Mayawati achieved the desired result of being seen as the sole champion of dalits.But politically, the dalit czarina wrenched the game from Congress. If she appeared ruthless in blaming the community's plight on Congress which has moved the bill to undo the Supreme Court judgment against 'promotion quota', it tied in with her belief that the party is the bigger enemy because of shared vote base of Muslims and dalits. \"Truth is bitter, learn to accept it,\" was her caustic remark to protesting Congressmen.The 'SP vs BSP' quota battle may reduce the Congress and BJP to helpless bystanders in UP.While BSP is aiming to consolidate its core base of dalits, confident that anti-incumbency would automatically send others to her camp, rival Samajwadis are looking to nibble into the core base of Congress and BJP to offset the negatives of malgovernance and law and order. A success for UP outfits may turn 2014 into a big challenge for the national parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17604921", "title": "Thought my career was over: Sreesanth", "text": "KOCHI: Six surgeries on the left toe, another six on the right, all in one day. Any person would have been traumatized had he gone under the knife a dozen times in a day. But not S Sreesanth.Six months after those surgeries and after being out from the cricket field for more than a year, the maverick pacer is all set to swing into action as he makes his first-class comeback for Kerala against Tripura in Agartala on Saturday.Sreesanth revealed the past year has been the toughest in his life.\"When I was undergoing surgery after surgery, I thought my cricketing career was over. Forget cricket, I couldn't even walk and was in the wheel chair for almost two months. I went through unbearable pain. Now I have platinum screws on my toes. But that won't stop me from bowling at my best,\" Sreesanth told TOI from Bangalore before he left for Agartala on Thursday morning.Though it is too early to think of playing international cricket again, Sreesanth admits it is the lure of playing for the country that has helped him in making a speedy recovery.\"I miss wearing that Team India cap on the cricket field. The dream of playing for India made me walk again, run again and bowl again. I received great support from the BCCI, KCA and the entire staff at NCA. Thanks to them I am ready for the grind of domestic cricket yet again. And I know I am only half through in reaching my goal,\" he quipped.But gone are the days of long run-ups for the 29-year old pacer. On his comeback trail, Sreesanth will bowl with a much shorter run-up.\"Injury played a part in pruning my run-up. I am also not getting any younger. Earlier, I used to start from 36 yards. Now my run-up is of 23 yards but that hasn't affected my pace. I still clock between 135 and 140kmph.\"Asked whether the public admonishment by Indian skipper MS Dhoni for his slow over rate in South Africa played a part in his decision to shorten his run-up, Sreesanth laughed and said: \"It's always good to be in the good books of captains. Now my captains will not have a problem with my over rate.\"With Indian team's fortunes sliding fast, the team management, selectors and cricket fans would be keeping a close watch on Sreesanth in the next couple of weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605866", "title": "Vacant posts in Naxal areas to be filled", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government had been well aware of the large number of vacancies in government departments in Naxalite-affected areas in Vidarbha. However, due to various reasons it was never serious about filling up these posts.Now, following a severe reprimand by Bombay High Court, chief secretary J S Banthia has issued a circular directing all government departments to fill up the vacancies by December 31. As the HC had also directed the government to fill posts in tribal-dominated talukas of Melghat, Chikhaldara and Dharni in Amravati district within two weeks, Banthia directed the concerned officials to complete the formalities for these talukas by December 15.Banthia has warned that if the posts in administrative departments were not filled up within the stipulated time, then the secretary of the department concerned would be held responsible. The problems created by large number of vacancies in health department in the three talukas were brought to light by social worker Purnima Upadhyaya. A division bench of Justices DY Chandrachud and AA Sayed pulled up the government for not implementing the GR issued in August 2002 containing guidelines for filling up vacant posts in tribal areas.The circular directed the administrative departments to immediately fill up Class A and B (gazetted) officers' posts in Naxalite areas. The heads of other departments have been asked to fill up Class B (non-gazetted) and Class C posts. The circular further stated that as per the government officers' transfer rules issued in 2005, transfer of officers should be done after approval of the department's minister and the chief minister.The HC decision should be mentioned in the proposal sent to the ministers as well as in the transfer order. Officers who have been promoted or have joined the service could be posted in these areas as per department's category pattern. The officers who will retire soon or have applied for voluntary retirement should not be transferred to Naxalite areas. As far as possible, officers above 50 should also not be posted there.If any officer posted in Naxalite or tribal area is to be transferred elsewhere then s/he should not be relieved until another officer takes charge. In Gadchiroli district, if an officer or employee does not take charge within 10 days of issuing order, action should be taken against him/her as per provisions of the GR issued on October 28, 2010. The process of filling up of vacancies should be co-ordinated by tribal development department (TDD). For this purpose, all departments should make a list of sanctioned, filled up and vacant posts in tribal areas and submit it to the TDD project directors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606249", "title": "Cabinet clears private university bill", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra cabinet headed by CM Prithviraj Chavan, on Thursday, cleared the much-awaited 'private universities bill' after a detailed discussion on the issue. It was introduced by State higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope. It would come up for discussion during the ongoing winter session.Tope, while speaking to TOI, reiterated that private universities will have to reserve seats as directed by the government. Describing the bill, which was referred back by governor K Sankaranarayanan after demands were made seeking reservations in these institutions, the minister stated that the government is formulating a model act to govern them. \"These universities will require consent from both the assembly and council as they will be not governed by Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. These universities will have their own set of norms,\" he clarified.Asserting that the bill would be introduced during the ongoing session, Tope added that they had already received hundreds of proposals to open private universities and about a dozen proposals are expected to be filed as soon as the bill is passed.Explaining further, he stated that the government is yet to finalize the extent of reservation, but it will not be like existing one. He added that these universities will have academic and administrative autonomy and also have independence to frame their own curriculum. However, they will have to strictly adhere to the guidelines of apex bodies like AICTE, MCI, NCTE and others.He said that these private universities will also have to abide some norms like they will have to set up their campus in at least 10 acres in metropolitan region like MMRDA and other top cities, 50 acres in other cities like Amravati and Jalna, and 100 acres in rural areas. \"They have to first deposit an endowment fund of Rs2 crore with the government,\" he said.Deliberating on other issues, Tope added that Maharashtra will join the national level entrance exam called JEE for engineering courses from next year. \"This year's MT-CET (formerly MHT-CET) on May 16 for admissions to engineering and pharmacy courses will be the last one. However, the passing criteria of JEE will be decided by the respective state governments, though it might not be like 1/200 which is for MT-CET,\" he said.The minister also supported the online evaluation system and had even given a presentation before the chancellor. \"We aim to provide end-to-end solution to the students with the help of information technology. The new system is already adopted by the Mumbai University and Aurangabad has floated tenders. The students can then fill up enrolment form and also take out hall ticket sitting in any part of the world,\" he said.Box: Govt to help LIT financiallyExpressing serious concern over the sorry of state of affairs in Laxminarayan Institute of Technology (LIT), Tope declared that the government is ready to provide financial aid to the institution. \"We're always ready to provide such help to such renowned institutions. We will also help them if they want to open new branches,\" he said.The minister added that the government is serious on opening a government engineering college in Nagpur and EGS minister Nitin Raut is also making efforts in this direction. \"The proposal is ready and will be put up before the cabinet shortly. However, I don't have any idea about whether land is being finalized or not,\" he said.LIT was established as per Late Rao Bahadur D Laxminarayan's last wish - to provide excellent teaching facilities in applied sciences and chemistry for the students domiciled in CP &amp; Berar at affordable rates. Accordingly, LIT was set up by NU in 1942 from utilizing donation made by him, presently it is worth a whopping Rs2,000 crore.TOI had reported about how the apex body for engineering education had slapped a fine of Rs2 lakh on NU for poor maintenance and failure to fill up large scale vacancies in LIT. Interestingly, VC Vilas Sapkal is its alumnus while pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie was it director till recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17607698", "title": "Whites in US won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be in majority by 2043: Report", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Whites could become a minority in the US by 2043, losing for the first time their majority status ever since the nation came into being, latest projections released by the Census Bureau has said. \"The US is projected to become a majority-minority nation for the first time in 2043. While the non-Hispanic white population will remain the largest single group, no group will make up a majority,\" the Bureau said. The population projections released on Wednesday by the Bureau also said, the US population will be older and more racially and ethnically diverse by 2060.Minorities, now 37% of the US population, are projected to comprise 57% in 2060, from 116.2 million to 241.3 million.The minorities comprise all but the single-race , non-Hispanic white population . The non-Hispanic white population is projected to peak in 2024, at 199.6 million, up from 197.8 million in 2012 and then will slowly decrease, falling by nearly 20.6 million from 2024 to 2060.The Asian population is projected to more than double , from 15.9 million in 2012 to 34.4 million in 2060, an increase from 5.1% to 8.2% of the total US population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17605915", "title": "Garbage woes to end in SCB soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Garbage woes of the residents of the Secunderabad Cantonment area may come to an end from March. A private firm, Rudram Constructions &amp; Power Pvt Ltd (RCPPL), which has signed an MoU with the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) recently, will start collecting solid waste (garbage) from March.In fact, Secunderabad Cantonment could be the first cantonment in the country to hand over collection of garbage to a private firm. The SCB and RCCPL signed the MoU on November 29 and the agreement would be in force for a period of 25 years from the operation of power plant.According to the MoU, the SCB has to take responsibility for door-to-door collection of solid waste from all the wards and deliver it to the RCCPL facilities for the first five years. \"The firm has identified suitable land in Tunki Bolarum, Mulugu mandals in Medak district, which is about 37 kms from the Cantonment, to set up a two mega watt (MW) power plant. The Andhra Pradesh State Pollution Control Board (APPCB) has given permission for 'construction of establishment' (CoE). Once the construction is over, the PCB will inspect and give clearance for 'commissioning of operations'. The firm will spend Rs 15 crore for the proposed power plant at the site,\" RCCPL director Mardik L Sheth told TOI.After five years, the firm would pay Rs one lakh per month to SCB for collecting garbage till the project facilities are set up.According to Cantonment officials, around 130 tonnes of garbage is generated every day in the Cantonment area. The Cantonment sanitation staff have been collecting garbage from 14 collection points and dumping it at Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) dump yard at Jawaharnagar.With the entry of the private player, the SCB's burden would reduce to a great extent as its operations would be restricted to collecting garbage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606659", "title": "Woman, 75, robbed at knifepoint of Rs 1L gold in Anna Nagar", "text": "CHENNAI: In a daring robbery in Anna Nagar, two men relieved a 75-year-old woman of her gold chain and bangles at knifepoint on Wednesday. The area was equipped with closed-circuit television ( CCTV) cameras.Police said Ambujam was sitting outside her residence in Anna Nagar East around noon when two men on a two-wheeler approached her. They said they had come for far and were looking for an address. They later asked her for water.When Anbujam went inside to fetch water, they followed her. As she entered the kitchen, one of them held her at knife-point, while the other removed her gold bangles and chain weighing four sovereigns.Seeing the knife, the woman remained speechless, police said.Ambujam, whose daughter-in-law and daughter had gone out, later rushed out and alerted the neighbours. Some of them tried to trace the robbers but in vain. They had already sped away.\"We have formed special teams and are trying to check the identity of the culprits by showing Ambujam the photographs of some habitual offenders,\" said Anna Nagar assistant commissioner of police Balasubramanian.The robbers would have chosen their target carefully after an elaborate survey of the area, a police officer said. They normally picked the morning hours, when the younger family members were most likely to be at school or work, to strike, the officer added.A senior police officer said, \"It's hard to recognize a criminal because they don't usually look like a criminal, in popular perception, is supposed to look. Regular offenders conduct a survey of the house they plan to rob and look around the area to see who lives where.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17606460", "title": "Wild elephants ransack tea estate director's bungalow", "text": "COIMBATORE: A herd of nine elephants ransacked bungalow of Dr P Mohan Kumar, director of Tea Research Foundation of United Planters' Association of South India ( UPASI), for the second time in a week in Valparai late night on Wednesday. The elephants ruined the kitchen and its electronic equipment including refrigerator. The family members were away in Coimbatore when the incident occurred.The elephant herd was moving around in Periyakallar and Chekkalmudi areas in the last few days damaging houses and public buildings. It moved to the premises of the tea foundation three days ago and started targeting bungalows there. As chief organiser of a plantation crop symposium, Mohan Kumar was away with his family in Coimbatore. The house was attacked by the elephants earlier on Monday.The second incident has evoked large scale protest by locals in Chekkalmudi on Thursday morning. People blocked the road demanding steps from forest department to save their lives and property. Manombally forest range officer, M Mohamed Ali reached the spot around 10.30 am and pacified the protestors saying the department was planning steps to minimise human-animal conflicts. Recently, a security guard at a tea garden in Valparai was trampled to death by a wild elephant.On Monday and Tuesday, forest officials averted attacks by the herd on human settlements by using crackers and torches. It is believed that the elephants lost the way to their traditional habitat in the forests of Kerala and accidentally crossed over to Valparai. Four teams of state forest officials are camping there to monitor the situation.\"There is nothing unusual about the elephants' movement during this time of the year. But there are reports linking the arrival of the elephants to Valparai with the movement of vehicles carrying pilgrims to the Sabarimala temple in Kerala,'' said A Purushothaman, a resident of Valparai. According to Mohammed Ali, round the clock vigil has been ensured in the plantation country to protect lives of those residing there. More forest guards and anti-poaching watchers would be deployed in coming days to prevent any untoward incident,'' he said.Meanwhile, elephants have started coming out of the forests and have destroyed crops in the adjoining agricultural lands in Alandurai, PN Palayam, Sirumugai and Thindamuthur. Forest officials are attributing the reason for the attacks to poor rains which dried up the water sources in forests and the lack of enough fodder within the forest environment.The conflicts involving elephants is too high in Sathyamangalam as well as at least 30 elephant raids were reported from the Thalavadi-Thalamalai region in the last two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606244", "title": "Social audit directorates for speedy appointments", "text": "LUCKNOW: The directorate of social audit has written to the district magistrates and the chief development officers to speed up appointment of district level and block level coordinators for the social audit of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS). The government plans to start the social audit in January 2013. However, due to vacancy in the posts of coordinators, the process is getting delayed. The DMs and CDOs have been asked to select coordinators by end of December, so that training of coordinators can be completed in January.Besides, the DMs and CDOs will also have to constitute village level teams to audit every gram panchayat. In UP, a set-up for MGNREGS social audit is missing. Though there are few coordinators, state has not done much on the front. The first organised social audit is what the rural development department plans to take up in January. The social audit directorate has asked the districts to inform about the steps taken towards the selection of coordinators and constitution of village level teams for audit.There are more than 5,000 gram panchayats and a team has to be constituted for every individual gram panchayat. The department will train the coordinators and the team members in January, while the audit has to be completed by March 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606542", "title": "What's India searching? Stars, exams and gods", "text": "CHENNAI: We Indians sure have a wide range of interests. If you don't agree, go Google. Actor Sunny Leone may have topped the search engine charts as the most popular person, but Indians also spent time online in 2012 looking for information about the Madurai Meenakshi Amman temple and the temples of science, IIT-Madras and IIT-Bombay.On Thursday, search engine Google put out a list of people, places and things that internet users across the world were most curious about. Information about competitive examinations IBPS and Gate topped the India listings, followed by searches for Sunny Leone and the Hindi films 'Ek Tha Tiger' and 'Rowdy Rathore', according to Zeitgeist 2012, Google's annual round-up and analysis of search queries.In the past year, there have been 1.46 trillion searches in 146 languages. Globally, American pop star Whitney Houston's death before the Grammy awards, Korean rap sensation PSY's Gangnam Style music video, Hurricane Sandy that hit the east coast of the US, and the US presidential elections took top slots. India was more interested in Sunny Leone, Poonam Pandey and the death of Rajesh Khanna.Google categorised searches into seven sections. While the results for 'searches', 'people' and 'travel destinations' were based on trending results, those for categories such as 'movies', 'cities', 'local places' and 'news' were based on most searched-for items. 'Trending' refers to search queries with the highest amount of traffic over a sustained period in 2012 as compared to the previous year. Search items are based on absolute numbers.In the category of 'cities', Chennai comes fourth after Delhi, Bangalore and Mumbai. The Yamuna Expressway in Greater Noida, Madurai Meenakshi Amman Temple, IIT Bombay and IIT Madras are among the top 10 in the local places category. The sensex, Vilasrao Deshmukh's death and Hurricane Sandy beat Anna Hazare and took the top three spots in the news category. Though Chennai felt only a tremor in May this year, 'Earthquake in Chennai' was eighth on the list of top ten news items searched for in the country.Officials from Tamil Nadu's Hindu Religious &amp; Charitable Endowments department shrug off the results. \"The Madurai temple is obviously the one of the most popular temples within the country and abroad,\" said P Dhanapal, commissioner of the department. \"Going by the increasing revenue from donations, more people are coming in as devotees rather than just for the temple architecture,\" he said. \"At least 75% of the foreigners coming to India visit the temple,\" he said. Temple revenues are increasing by about 20% every year, the official said.Internet experts say that such listings have two purposes feeding the consumer curiosity and showing a site's expertise on local topics. \"Even sites like Yahoo have similar listings to tell people what their users are searching for. Such listings help boost advertising, which is how search engines get 95% of their revenue,\" said Murali Balan, CEO of e-commerce company Tenovia Solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605649", "title": "Mumbai lawyer fined for filing PIL over arrests in brothel", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday slapped costs of Rs 25,000 on an advocate who moved court saying it is illegal to arrest customers of a brothel.The court was miffed that he was espousing the cause of his clients through a public interest litigation.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and Ramesh Dhanuka heard a plea by advocate Prabhanjan Dave stating that the Immoral Traffic (Prevention) Act has no provision for arresting a customer. He represented some of 124 customers who were arrested after a commercial sex racket was busted at Grant Road on October 4.Nearly 340 women rescued in the raid. Dave urged for an inquiry and compensation for their illegal arrest.The judges found substance in the preliminary objection raised by the state that the petition should be thrown out. They noted that Dave had appeared for the customers in a magistrate court and should have challenged that order before an appropriate forum. Terming the PIL \"motivated\", they said none of the persons affected were before the court. \"The petitioner cannot and should not espouse the cause of his clients in the garb of a PIL,\" they said. Dave said the accused were \"persons below the poverty line\" and could not approach the court.\"If they can visit that place, they can come here.If they think their reputation has been tarnished, let them come here. Someone who is below poverty line will not visit that place. Those who can spare funds will go there,\" said Justice Khanwilkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606005", "title": "Sunrise ICU shooting: Two more in police net", "text": "GURGAON: Two more accused were arrested in the Sunrise Hospital ICU shootings on Thursday morning. Of the total five accused, the three arrested on Wednesday night were produced in a city court and taken on two days' police remand.Police claimed that one of the two arrested on Thursday, who is a BA student, was the main attacker who had fired a revolver inside the intensive care unit of Sunrise Hospital on Khandsa Road, Gurgaon.\"Today we have nabbed Manjit and Kalu from Kanina of Rewari district while Manoj was taken into custody from PGI, Rohtak, on Wednesday and Dinesh and Raju were arrested from their native Khandsa village,\" Narendra Sangwan, station house officer, Kherki Dhaula police station, said.A senior police officer said that as per the FIR, eight people were allegedly involved in the ICU room shooting here that claimed the life of a man and left his father critically injured on Tuesday. The five accused who were arrested were identified as Manoj alias Aaloo alias Pradhan, Manjit, Kalu alias Lakhan, Dinesh and Raju.Basant Fauji, the alleged main attacker, is still at large. Mohan, his brother, who is another accused in the case, and Ramavtar are also at large. All the five arrested were on Thursday presented in the court of judicial magistrate first class Ashok Maan, where they were sent to two days' police remand.\"We arrested two cousins, Manjit and Kalu alias Lakhan, today (Thursday). As per the FIR statement, Kalu alias Lakhan was the main accused, who had shot at the victims and we are interrogating him and the other accused,\" DCP (Crime) Maheshwar Dayal said. The accused have confessed the crime but \"their preliminary statement cannot be trusted and we will go by the postmortem report\", Dayal said.Over a dozen armed men on Tuesday opened fire at Satbir Singh Raghav, a transporter, and his son Joginder alias Jony, in the ICU of Sunrise Hospital over an old dispute over parking of commercial vehicles. The father-son duo was referred to the city's Medicity Medanta Hospital, where Joginder succumbed to his injuries. Satbir was later shifted to RML Hospital, Delhi. A police officer said that Satbir is reportedly out of danger on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "17607340", "title": "Return surplus land within a week: APIIC", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) is learnt to have asked IT player Kenexa to return the surplus 21.7 acres of land at its Rushikonda IT SEZ facility within a week. This follows IT giant IBM finally taking over Kenexa's Vizag facility after the merger of Kenexa Global with IBM was recently concluded.According to sources, APIIC officials visited the Kenexa campus on Thursday to survey the surplus land that is to be taken over and have asked Kenexa Technologies to return the surplus land within a week.Kenexa was allotted about 25 acres by APIIC in 2005 to set up an IT/ITeS facility under the condition that it would staff at least 2,500 professionals. But even at its peak, the facility could not employ more than 1,500 employees despite leasing out a portion of it to another IT player. As the company failed to fulfill the employment criteria, APIIC had slapped a fine of Rs 80 crore, which became the bone of contention between the two companies in the merger deal. IBM wanted to return the excess land of 21.7 acres to APIIC and retain only the building that was built on four acres for its operations.This did not go well with Kenexa's Indian subsidiary Kenexa Technologies, the founding director of which Aneeta Sakuru filed a case in a Hyderabad court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605349", "title": "Mumbai youth lean more on friends than family, survey finds", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai's youth appear to increasingly put a premium on privacy and spending time away from home with friends. This new-age phenomenon mirrors the changing dynamics of personal and social lives in a city where friends are the new family and seeking solitude is a way of reclaiming space for oneself.An ongoing survey conducted by PUKAR (Partners for Urban Knowledge Action and Research) on private and public space along with the travelling think tank BMW Guggenheim Lab shows that an average Mumbaikar no longer falls back on family.More than one in two Mumbaikars, particularly youngsters, put friends and themselves ahead of family where both leisure and personal crises are concerned. It also found that 36.38% Mumbaikars like to spend time with their friends while 26% prefer to be on their own. Family emerges as the third option.The survey, with a sample size of 800 individuals, covered 10 key locations across the city over a span of two months. Privacy is, in fact, akin to solitude for one in three Mumbaikars. Most people's idea of privacy is escaping family and neighbours. The quest is evident from the fact that 26% shirk their neighbours and 24% their families. In fact, 11% even want privacy from their partners.\"People are becoming more individualistic. This is primarily due to globalization and an extreme sense of competition. They are losing connection with the community and the city at large. The younger generation is, in that respect, more self-centered,\" said Anita Patil Deshmukh, executive director, PUKAR. \"With round-the-clock connectivity with the entire world, the sense of the self and community have totally changed,\" she added. The main idea behind the survey is to recommend the kind of public spaces Mumbaikars need or want.This shift in priority is related to the spatial and technological changes Mumbai has gone through in the past few decades, said experts. Nilima Mehta, a professor of human behaviour, said friends are the new family in the urban context. This is because people spend most of their quality and even quantity time at work or with friends. Since workplaces are so far removed from home, young people foster a close bond there,\" said Mehta. Technology such as social media networks has enabled people to choose their relationships breaking free from blood ties. \"This, however, doesn't undermine the role of the family. As long as there is a bond and attachment, people continue to grow positively,\" Mehta said.Experts said individualism in the urban context may not be the same as self-centeredness. With very little physical space and almost incessant interaction with the world at work and home, people often look for a space where they can be themselves. \"Several school principals tell me that they would like to go back and be in a room that is silent. Often, working men want to spend Sundays doing nothing at home,\" said psychiatrist Harish Shetty. Individualism needs to be viewed through a new prism, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17605886", "title": "First luxury expo in city from Dec 17", "text": "HYDERABAD: While the common man reels under the after-effects of the current economic slump, the recession-proof luxury sector is only growing in the city with many international brands of high-end products shifting focus to Hyderabad from other cities like Bangalore and Chennai.With such a rise in demand for luxury products in the city, officials of India's first-ever luxury expo too have chosen Hyderabad as the venue for its launch. \"The economic slump does not affect the luxury sector as the people who have money and have a taste for the finer things will always be ready to spend. Hyderabad lacks a luxury mall with all the major international brands despite people here having immense buying power,\" said Karan Bhangay, chief executive officer of The Indian Luxury Expo (TILE), which gets underway in the city on December 17Representatives from various brands who will participate in the three-day event said Hyderabad was one of the best markets for luxury items as the demand for such products was rapidly growing among the la-di-da crowd here.From high-end cars to imported home decor, Hyderabad has now become the hub for luxury product shopping with officials from many international brands reporting an increase in demand here.Krishna Vungarla, corporate sales manager at Exclusive Motors which deals in Bentley cars here, said that in the last year around 30 cars were delivered to Hyderabad which is double the number in Bangalore and Chennai. \"The demand in Hyderabad is increasing so fast that it is now almost on par with the market in Mumbai,\" said Vungarala.Officials from Polaris , which manufactures All Terrain Vehicles (ATV) too said that Hyderabad is the best market for high-end off road vehicles with nearly 50 enquires per month as the travellers here have a sense of adventure.The demand for Segways, an electric personal transport which is priced in the range of Rs 4.9 lakh to Rs 5.5 lakh too is on the rise here said officials. \"We have been receiving many orders from customers here. In the past two months, around 25 orders have been made in the city,\" said Jackson Anthony, an executive from Amadeus which deals in Segways.Brands participating in the event include heavyweights like Bentley, Rolls Royce , Lamborghini and Amby Valley among other high-end watch and yacht companies landing in town to woo the super-rich.Officials at a curtain-raiser for the event held on Thursday said that products worth nearly $500 million would be available under one roof during the expo. Apart from swanky rides and posh transportation tools, the expo will also feature designer jewellery, apparel, perfumes, home decor and a horde of other brands trying to woo the affluent denizens here.Neelima Koneru, dealer of KraftMaid cabinetry, a US-based decor company which provides personalised all-wood kitchens, walk-in closets and bathroom vanities, said the product is being launched for the first time in India at Hyderabad. \"I have already received around 40 queries from people who want to indulge in lavish wood work in their homes. People are ready to splurge as much as Rs 60 lakh for a fancy bathroom or closet. The city has a very strong international presence now and it makes perfect sense that brands like these want to cash in on the demand here,\" Koneru said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606434", "title": "Chandil, Tenughat units to start generation next month", "text": "RANCHI: The Chandil and the Tenughat hydel power projects will start generating 4 MW and 1 MW, respectively, from next month, said Vimal Kirti Singh, principal secretary, department of energy , Jharkhand.The announcement was made on the sidelines of an investors' conference, organized by Jharkhand Renewable Energy Development Agency (JREDA) on Thursday on small hydro development projects in the state. \"All facilities are almost ready for the production,\" Singh said. Ashok Kumar , director at JREDA, was among other eminent guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607175", "title": "Chief secretary exempted from court appearance", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad high court on Thursday modified an order passed in a contempt case by a single judge on December 7 and dispensed with the personal appearance of UP chief secretary and principal secretary in the Noida officers' case.The single judge had on December 7 directed for personal presence of UP chief secretary Jawed Usmani and principal secretary, industrial development, as they had failed to comply with an order passed on November 8 by a division bench of the high court for immediate removal of two senior IAS officers, Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjiv Saran, from their respective posts as chairman and CEO at Noida.The bench of Justice L K Mahapatra and Justice Sunita Agrawal passed this order on a special appeal filed by the state government against the summoning order of the CS and principal secretary (dated December 7) in a contempt case. While dispensing with the personal presence of the CS and others by modifying the single judge order, the division bench directed them to file personal affidavit in the contempt court on or before December 20.By the November 8 order, a division bench of the high court had directed for immediate removal of both the IAS officers from their posts and also directed for a CBI probe into Noida land allotments from 2001 to 2012.It was also directed that both the officers shall not be given postings in western UP and an inquiry that was already pending against them, shall be concluded.Appearing for the state, advocate general S P Gupta, assisted by chief standing counsel Yashwant Verma, had argued that the contempt proceedings were not maintainable as the review application against the original order was pending. Moreover, in that application the court had directed that any contemptuous act will be dependent upon the final decision taken on the review application.The appeal filed by the state government was opposed by applicants' counsel S Nadan and M D Singh Shekhar on the ground that this appeal by the state was not maintainable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kharagpur", "code": "17606562", "title": "Four killed as bike skids off culvert", "text": "KHARAGPUR: Four persons died when their motorcycle skidded off a meandering culvert near Kharagpur late on Wednesday night. They were returning from a wedding and there was dense fog when the accident took place.The deceased were identified as Kartik Biswas (20), Subrata Das (22), Nandan Singh (27) and Ajit Goswami (23). While Kartik is a mason from Burdwan's Katwa, who rented a house in Kharagpur, the other three lived in villages off the town where they work in a motor repairing shop.Kartik was driving the bike while his three friends were riding pillion. After finishing work on Wednesday evening, the four set out from Kharagpur to attend a wedding at Balarampur village on the outskirts of the town. \"On their way back, the bike fell off a culvert between Benapur and Gopali villages. Early on Thursday, villagers spotted the damaged bike and bodies of the four near a paddy field,\" said sources.Kharagpur town police station officials reached the spot after being informed by the locals and sent the bodies for autopsy. CI, Kharagpur, Arindam Das,An official said police were investigating whether they were drunk. any of the victims and particularly Kartik were returning drunk.\"It is true that there was dense fog last night and the accident could have happened for poor visibility. But we are probing other angles as well, including the possibility that the youth may have been drunk,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17607132", "title": "St Joseph's student wins drawing competition", "text": "PATNA: Abreza Tarneem, a class VIII student of St Joseph's School (Hindi), Bankipore, bagged the first prize in the senior category, followed by Devang Vishnu of Infant Jesus School and Prachi Prakhar of St Michael's High School (SMHS) in an interschool drawing competition organized by St Xavier's College of Education Alumni Association, Patna, between September 25 and December 8.More than 4,000 students of about 15 schools of the city participated in the competition organized in different phases and the results were announced on Thursday.In the class III to V students' category, Nirja of St Karen's School won the first prize followed by Khushboo Kumari of St Joseph's School, Bankipore, and S Sanjana of Loyola High School (LHS).In the class I to II group, Samridhi Mishra of Notre Dame Academy was adjudged the best followed by Shalni Swaraj of St Joseph's School, Jethuli, and Jiya Ambika of St Karen's School. Among the tiny tots of Montessori group, Utkarsh Raj of LHS won the first prize followed by Vishal Kumar of Don Bosco Academy and Harsha of St Mary's School, Kankarbagh.The schools which had sent more than 500 entries in the competition were LHS, NDA, Don Bosco Academy (Primary) and the SMHS. The prizes would be given away on December 16.Global entrepreneurship summit: Applications from colleges across the country have been invited for registrations to participate in the Global Entrepreneurship Summit 2013, an annual event of entrepreneurship cell of IIT, Kharagpur, to be held on Kharagpur campus from January 11 to 13, 2012. The summit will host guest lectures by eminent personalities, workshops and competitions. Students from various colleges of Patna can also enrol at to join the event.BITP: More than 140 students of Birla Institute of Technology Patna (BITP) participated in the 20-day workshop on networking and management organized by Nettech. Resource person Santu Purkait of Nettech gave lessons on web hosting, Apache web server, IP subnetting, Linux and routing etc. Palak Viz (1st year) topped the workshop, trailed by Akanksha Singh (1st year) and Nikhil Sharma (3rd year).PUSU: The newly elected members of Patna University Students' Union (PUSU), on Thursday, have sent a 17-point letter to chief minister Nitish Kumar demanding teaching of Intermediate courses in colleges, basic amenities in college hostels and more hostels, filling up vacant posts of teachers and opening a placement cell, among other things.Radiant International School: the annual sports meet of Radiant International School, Patna, would be held on the school premises on Friday.Patliputra Old Boys' Association: The Patliputra Old Boys' Association (POBA) will launch its website, www.poba.in, at SK Science Centre on Saturday. Justice Ravi Ranjan of Patna high court will launch the website. Niraj Kumar, MLC, would be the guest of honour on the occasion.Patna Women's College carol singing competitionJoyful jingles filled the air as students of Patna Women's College sang their hearts out at a carol singing competition organized on the college campus on Thursday. Girls of geography department clinched the first prize with 'Great day in Bethlehem' in the English carol singing followed by a mixed group of students who sang 'Glory to God' and AICUF students who hummed 'Fall on your knees'.The hymns were beautifully supported with musical instruments such as guitar, casio , harmonium and tabla. The students did not leave any stone unturned when it came to the presentation as the girls were decked up in colourful skirts and saris, wearing star earrings and Santa caps.In the Hindi category, a combined group of students who sang 'Janma hai taaran haar' bagged the first prize, closely followed by zoology department (Barfili vaadiyon mein) and jointly by psychology and economics departments. It was an annual event of the college. The competition was judged by Fr Raymond, Fr Kuldeep and Sister Zeena.Fr Raymond advised the students to take the message of Christmas beyond the carol competition and said, \"All around the world, carols are sung to proclaim to people that God loves us all\". The contest was hosted by the students, Divya Ekka and Yogita.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17605945", "title": "Centre proposes, state dismisses, beneficiaries' fate hangs in balance", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fate of the centrally-sponsored Mid-Day Meal scheme enforced in 1.5 lakh government primary schools enrolling over 10 million children is in doldrums in Uttar Pradesh following the refusal of the state government to share additional cost on the purchase of non-subsidised LPG cylinders required for cooking the meal.A meal for primary school students is meant to provide a minimum of 450 calories and 12 grams of protein. It is 700 calories and 20 grams of protein in the upper primary stage. The scheme is being seen as a successful strategy to attract children to schools and checking the dropout rates. However, the cost overrun of the scheme has now become a bone of contention. The spectre now looms over UP, which has become the fourth major state after Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Maharashtra to oppose the Centre's proposal of cost-sharing.Although the exact cost estimate is yet to be made, rough estimate suggests that UP will have to bear around Rs 150 crore to Rs 200 crore annually on the purchase of non-subsidised LPG cylinders for the said scheme.This is why the state has said a 'terse no' to the Centre. In its latest communication with the Centre, the state government has categorically said that it is not in a position to bear the additional cost on the purchase of non-subsidised LPG cylinders for the Mid-Day Meal scheme. While financial constraint is attributed to be the main cause, it is also argued that why the state should bear the burden, when the Centre has not taken the state into confidence in its decision to cut down the subsidy on LPG gas cylinders.The idea of cost-sharing was toyed by the Union HRD ministry after its proposal for supplying subsidised LPG cylinders for the mid-day meal scheme was turned down earlier by the petroleum ministry.The suggestion to contribute to the cost of LPG cylinders is made by Amarjit Singh, additional secretary, ministry of human resource development, who in his letter to principal secretary, basic education said that since the fuel expenses are part of the overall cooking cost, this should be shared in the ratio of 75:25 between the Centre and the states. The letter, which the government received last week says, \"The additional financial burden due to withdrawal of subsidy on LPG cylinders will have to be borne by the Centre and states in the ratio of 75 and 25 respectively.\"However, the state government is of the view that because of financial constraints, UP is in no position to share the burden of non-subsidised LPG cylinders required for the scheme. When asked to comment, director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, Atul Kumar, who is also the nodal officer for the Mid-Day Meal scheme said, \"We do not have money to bear the additional cost and matter is being already taken up with the Centre.\"The scheme is implemented primarily by gram pradhans in rural areas, where these schools are mostly located. Immediately there is no threat to the scheme, but the problem will occur, if the issue is not settled at the earliest, confided Atul Kumar. He said, \"We have also requested the state government to give additional funds to sustain the scheme till the matter is resolved with the Centre.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17605939", "title": "Murder accused of senior citizen held", "text": "LUCKNOW: The two accused in murder of a senior citizen were arrested by the police on Thursday. On December 3, 70-year-old Shyam Narayan Shukla was found murdered at his Muneshwarpuram Colony residence in Talkatora area. Shukla had retired from the health department as machine operator and used to live alone since his wife had passed away. Shukla's two sons stay in Delhi, while his daughter stays near Tikait Rai Talab area.The police said that Shukla was killed by two of his neighbours Ramesh Mishra and Lashiman Raidas. Mishra had changed his identity after serving a five-year jail term for killing a person with a gun in Sitapur 12 years back, and used to work as a mason at construction sites in Lucknow from past few years. Raidas was his helper and also supported him in Shukla's murder.The two were known to Shukla and entered his home late in night under the pretext of finding Mishra's shawl. \"The two told Shukla that they have forgotten a shawl at his home and entered his home with an intention to kill him,\" said Vinod Yadav, in-charge of Talkatora police station.The two decided to kill Shukla as he had insulted Raidas five days before the incident for visiting the temple situated outside his home in an inebriated state. The police also recovered the knife used in the crime. Meanwhile, the police are trying to find an absconding person in the said case, who has been accused of finding a buyer for Shukla's belongings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607694", "title": "Congress MLA booked in murder case", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The CBI has booked Congress MLA Balbir Singh Sidhu in connection with a two-year old murder case.Sidhu, an MLA from Mohali along with his brother and a few others has been accused of interfering with the police probe into the murder of Rattan Singh, a resident of Baliyali. The incident dates back to December 2010.The premier agency registered a case against Sidhu, following intervention of Punjab and Haryana high court after victim's son Harjinder Singh had moved a petition.Seeking a CBI probe, the petition alleged that police were delaying the investigation as MLA's brother Amarjit Singh Jitti was involved in the case. It alleged that even after eight months of incident police did not record statement of any eyewitness.Besides, the police did not put up a challan against the accused before the court within a mandatory duration of 90 days so as to give accused the benefit of bail. The petition added that the police did not take any of the accused on police remand and did not send recovered weapons for forensic examination.Taking up the petition, the high court had handedover the probe to CBI on October 16.When contacted, DIG (CBI) Mahesh Aggarwal said a case was registered after completion of formal enquiry against Sidhu and others. Others made accused in the CBI's FIR, include Sidhu's brother, Amarjit Singh Jitti, village sarpanch Kulwant Singh and his brother Dilawar Singh. Despite repeated attempts Sidhu could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17610395", "title": "Schools in strife areas need to be re-defined: National Consultation on Education", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"Schools in strife areas need to be re-defined to meet the multiple and complex needs of children in affected areas, schools need to become inclusive spaces and examine the violence within the schools, community participation and role of school management committees and gram panchayats critical in ensuring schooling for children and need to build a cadre of community mobilisers/facilitators who can work both with community and the system.\"These are some of the key recommendations suggested at the two-day National Consultation on Education in Areas Affected by Civil Strife organized in Delhi on December 10-11, 2012.The consultation was inaugurated by the minister of human resource development, M M Pallam Raju. The deliberation was jointly organized by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights(NCPCR), National University of Educational Planning and Administration(NUEPA)and UNICEF. The consultation discussed the issues and challenges of implementing the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education enacted in April 2010 in areas affected by civil strife with a particular focus on advancing quality education with equity.\"Although there have been challenges, it is heartening to see the efforts made by the community, government and civil society organizations in enabling children to continue schooling. There is much to learn from the field experiences, the importance of community participation, making schools as 'Zones of Peace' and focused attention on special groups like orphans and internally displaced children are some lessons that need to be shared and scaled,\" said Urmila Sarkar, chief of education at the concluding session.Focusing on the critical need for quality education in these areas, Dhir Jhingran, RTE national coordinator, RTE Monitoring Cell, NCPCR said: \"There is a need of having a different cadre of teachers to engage with children affected by strife. We need to prepare this cadre that will understand the children's particular needs and promote learning through quality teaching. We need to review and revamp preand in-service teacher training for teachers in these areas.\"Over 100 representatives from central and state governments, civil society organisations, media, UN agencies, academicians and community members came together for the key consultation. Some of the key recommendations to re-configure schools in conflict areas are schools in strife areas need to be re-defined to meet the multiple and complex needs of children in affected areas; schools need to become inclusive spaces and examine the violence within the schools, that comes from discrimination in various forms; focus on quality of teaching learning fundamental - review the quality of teaching learning practices to ensure comparable attainment amongst children in strife affected areas; focus on teachers - harmonise different teacher cadre, ensure appropriate remuneration and facilities, security, psycho-social care for teachers is also essential; there is an urgent need to review the pre and in-service teacher training programs for teachers working in these areas.Other recommendations include issues of child protection, health and psycho-social care need to be addressed to enable RTE implementation; inter- agency, inter-department planning, coordination and review essential; effective multi-layered child tracking system a must.The consultation also recommended deriving strategies from the field such as role of community; community participation and role of school management committees and gram panchayats in ensuring schooling for children; the need to build a cadre of community mobilisers/facilitators who can work both with community and the system; promote engagement of youth as mobilisers, role models and champions.Learning from South Asia the deliberation suggested schools as zones of peace; free schools and children from conflict, establish code of conduct within and outside school; ensure conflict free class rooms and ensure that schools work uninterrupted for the RTE stipulated number of days.Specific Category of Children need responsive programming like, orphans, internally displaced children, tribal children and girls.The consultation is a culmination of a year-long work of a National Steering Committee convened by NCPCR, NUEPA and UNICEF with, Dr.Shanta as Chair and comprising of representatives from the relevant ministries, academia, UN and civil society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17611132", "title": "Kids rule KBC this X\u00e2\u20ac\u2122Mas!", "text": "Sony Entertainment Television's Kaun Banega Crorepati is as popular as any reality show can get. With a host of celebrities who come on the sets of KBC to promote their films and meet the charismatic host Mr. Amitabh Bachchan , TV stars are not far behind.But apart from these stars, there are others who are equally lucky. This time on the hot seat, it's the school children from various parts of the country who will get the opportunity to play the game and meet Big B. This is a KBC Christmas special that will be aired from 24th Decemeber-31st December 2012.The shooting for these episodes is over and will be telecast from Christmas Eve. Children from reputed schools like Ryan International, Sri Guru Harkrishan Sr. Sec. Public School and Bijendra Public School will be seen participating on the show.Vinay Sharma from Pathankot goes on to win 25 lacs on the show and this prize money will be given to the school where the authorities will decide a sum amount to be given to the winner. The balance will go into the development of the school.What a perfect end to the year!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17606313", "title": "'No Congress, so justice has prevailed'", "text": "MARGAO: Nuvem MLA and Goa Vikas Party (GVP) supremo Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco was \"elated\" after the assistant sessions court pronounced the order in the junior engineer assault case on Thursday.Pacheco was acquitted after an admonition.He told TOI after the court ruling, \"I've always respected the judiciary, and I am very happy that justice has prevailed.\"He emphasized that he had been expecting justice to be done and the law to take its own course \"as the Congress is not in power\".\"I know what is right and what is wrong,\" said Pacheco, accusing the former Congress government of trying hard to tarnish his image until the results of the assembly elections earlier this year.\"The Congress was interfering in everything... every where.... to any extent to harm my reputation and finish me politically. But people were with me and they stood by me in thick and thin. I am thankful to them,\" said Pacheco.He added, \"Contrary to the earlier regime, the present government is non-interfering.\" Stressing that the present government has \"not interfered\", he said the government instead had allowed the case to take its own course.Asked whether he would challenge the order of the assistant sessions court in the high court, Pacheco, with a smile on his face, gave a vague reply. Pressed further he said, \"I am fine.\"Sources in GVP said the MLA would not move any higher court against the order of the assistant sessions court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605667", "title": "Chulha smoke choking Indian women, kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: High blood pressure (BP) has become the world's deadliest disease-causing risk factor.But for Indians, indoor air pollution (IAP) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d emanating from chulhas burning wood, coal and animal dung as fuel \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been found to be a bigger health hazard for Indians.The first-ever estimates of the contribution of different risk factors to the global burden of disease between 1990 and 2010 has found that household air pollution from solid fuels have risen from being the second highest risk factor for Indians.Published in the British medical journal, The Lancet, on Thursday, the study, which took five years and involved nearly 500 researchers from 50 countries, including India, found that globally high BP jumped four spots since 1990 to become the worst risk factor for disease, followed by smoking including second-hand smoke, alcohol, low fruit consumption and high body fat.However for Indians, high BP is the third worst threat after IAP and smoking, including second-hand smoke.The World Health Organization (WHO) had said that IAP was claiming 500,000 lives in India every year, most of whom were women and children. According to WHO, India accounted for 80% of the 600,000 premature deaths that occur in south-east Asia annually due to exposure to IAP. Nearly 70% of rural households in India don't even have ventilation.More than three billion people rely on the burning of solid fuels to prepare their meals. Burning solid fuels emits carbon monoxide, particulates, benzene and formaldehyde which can result in pneumonia, asthma , blindness , lung cancer , tuberculosis and low birth weight.WHO estimates that pollution levels in rural Indian kitchens are 30 times higher than recommended levels and six times higher than air pollution levels found in the national Capital.Speaking to TOI from London, the study's lead author professor Majid Ezzati of the Imperial College, London, said, \" South Asia , where India makes up the largest share of population, really shows the global risk factor transition. The leading risks are both those associated with poverty, such as under-nutrition and not having clean fuels, and those that largely affect chronic disease like high blood pressure and smoking. This mix is unique among regions.\"He added, \"Aggressive actions against smoking and other forms of tobacco use, actions that reduce blood pressure, mass media campaigns to encourage lower use of salt, or improving primary care for diagnosing and treating high blood pressure besides preventing the rise in overweight and diabetes will greatly help India.\"According to Prof Ezzati, with India economically developing, \"gas and kerosene for cooking is more affordable. What India needs to look into is how to make it available in rural India. Checking for high BP has to be made mandatory across primary health centers and medication against high BP must be encouraged besides lifestyle changes. Generic drugs manufactured by Indian companies itself are very cheap.\"Dr Ezzati finds it a strange dichotomy that while majority of Indians are vegetarians, the intake of fruit is very low.Sharing the top 10 threats for Asia, mainly India, Prof Ezzati said they include high childhood underweight, diet low in fruits, high blood glucose levels, alcohol use, iron deficiency, sub-optimal breast feeding, low physical activity and occupational injuries.According to the study, in 2010, globally the two most important risk factors were high BP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d estimated to be responsible for 9.4 million deaths \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and tobacco smoking (accounted for 6.3 million deaths).Alcohol use was the third most important risk factor that believed to have claimed 5 million deaths.Collectively, dietary factors and physical inactivity were responsible for 12.5 million deaths with the most prominent dietary risks found to be diets low in fruit and diets high in sodium).Strikingly, childhood underweight, which was ranked as the most important contributor to global disease burden in 1990 and responsible for 2.3 million deaths in that year, dropped to eighth place in 2010, and was estimated to have caused 86,0000 mortalities.In 1990, the second ranked risk factor was household air pollution from solid fuel use \u00e2\u20ac\u201d responsible for 4.4 million deaths in 1990 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and although this had dropped to fourth place in 2010, it was still responsible for 3.5 million mortalities.High body-mass index caused 3.4 million deaths, high fasting plasma glucose caused another 3\u00c2\u00b74 million, high total cholesterol caused 2 million fatalities and low bone mineral density caused 0.2 million mortalities.Of the individual dietary risk factors, the largest attributable burden in 2010 was associated with diets low in fruits (4.9 million deaths) followed by diets high in sodium (4 million deaths), low in nuts and seeds (2.5 million), low in whole grains (1.7 million), low in vegetables (1.8 million) and low in seafood omega-3 fatty acids (1.4 million deaths).The burdens of disease attributable to tobacco smoking including second-hand smoke were 6.3 million deaths.Occupational risk factors accounted for 0.9 million deaths followed by sexual abuse and violence (0.2 million deaths), unimproved water and sanitation (0.3 million deaths)With the exception of house hold air pollution, which is a significant contributor to childhood lower respiratory tract infections, the five leading risk factors in 2010 (high blood pressure, tobacco smoking including secondhand smoke, alcohol use, household air pollution, and diets low in fruits) are mainly causes of adult chronic disease, especially cardio vascular ailments and cancers.Child and maternal under-nutrition was responsible for the next largest attributable burden of the risk factor clusters (1.4 million deaths) with childhood underweight the largest individual contributor (0.9 million), followed by iron deficiency (0.1 million) and suboptimal breast feeding (0.5 million).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17606755", "title": "Marginal rise in state's elephant population", "text": "KOCHI: The elephant population in the four reserves - Periyar, Nilambur, Anamala and Wayanad - in the state has shown a marginal increase in the past two years.An analysis of the data collected in a survey conducted in May indicates that there are around 6,100 elephants in Kerala forests as against 6,026 in the last survey conducted in 2010, forest department officials said.The survey is being conducted every two years as part of the national-level elephant census.The first survey was conducted in the state in 2005 and it estimated that there were around 5,135 elephants in the Kerala forests. The elephant population is showing more or less a steady trend since then. The figure was 6,068 in 2007. The next survey was conducted in 2010.Forest officials attributed the decline in poaching to the trend. But they said that they did not want the elephant population to go up further as it could aggravate the competition for feed.The survey was simultaneously conducted in the four sanctuaries, covering 9,400 sq km, from May 22 to 24 this year. It was also simultaneously conducted in the forest areas of four south Indian states to avoid overlapping in the elephant counts. The analysis was carried out this time by the Periyar Foundation, whereas Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI) had done it in the previous occasions.The KFRI had analyzed the data collected during the wildlife census in 2011 and it had put the elephant population in the state at 7,490.\"These variations are largely due to differences in methodologies adopted for data analysis. Elephant census is carried out by direct sighting and using the indirect method of dung count. There could be discrepancies in the estimated elephant population from dung counts,\" a KFRI scientist said.However, he said even the Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI) analysis had established that elephant population in Kerala forests was on a path to stabilization.Meanwhile, the previous wildlife census was conducted in Kerala in 2002, which put the elephant count in the state's forests at 6,939.Kochi : The elephant population in the four elephant reserves in Kerala has shown a marginal increase in the last two years.The just-completed analysis of the data collected during the survey conducted in May indicates that there are about 6100 elephants in Kerala forests whereas the number was 6026 in the last survey conducted in 2010, forest department officials told TOI here.The survey is being conducted every two years as part of the national level elephant census. The first survey was done in the state in 2005 and the estimate then was that there are about 5135 elephants in the Kerala forests.The elephant population was showing more or less a steady trend since then. The figure was 6068 in 2007, and the next survey was conducted in 2010 only.The forest officials say drastic decline in poaching was the main reason for the arrest of slide in elephant population in Kerala forests. They say they don't want the elephant population to go up further as it would aggravate competition for feed.The survey was conducted from May 22 to 24 this year simultaneously in the four sanctuaries Periyar, Nilambur, Aanamala and Wayanad with a total area of around 9400 kilometre square. Interestingly, the survey was conducted in the forest areas of four south Indian states simultaneously, to avoid overlapping in the elephant counts due to movement of the animal from one state to another.The analysis was carried out this time by the Periyar Foundation, whereas Kerala Forest Research Institute (KFRI) had done it in the past three surveys.KFRI had analysed the data collected during the wildlife census conducted in 2011. As per the KFRI analysis the elephant population in Kerala forests was 7490 in 2011.But these variations are largely due to differences in methodologies adopted for data analysis. Elephant census is carried out by direct sighting and using the indirect method of dung counting. There could be divergences in the methods used to estimate elephant population from dung counts,'' a KFRI scientist explained.But he said even the analysis by KFRI has established that elephant population in Kerala forests is on the path to stabilisation. The previous wildlife census was conducted in Kerala 2002 and as per the estimates then the elephant population was 6939.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17606362", "title": "Delhi people know nothing about Goa issues: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: \"My dream for the state is a contented Goa where people have satisfaction of the mind,\" chief minister Manohar Parrikar told mediapersons outside the BJP headquarters in Panaji even while being swarmed by well-wishers who came to greet him on his birthday.Parrikar, who arrived from Delhi in the morning after receiving the 'Politician of the year award' on Wednesday, said he did not mean he wanted a rich Goa. \"Goa is already rich. Satisfaction of the mind is more important,\" Parrikar said.He said he did not consider his birthday different from any other day except that a birthday is an occasion to look back, take stock of any errors committed and give a better output.Asked to comment on his governance, Parrikar urged patience from the public and said he wanted people to know that his term in office was for five years, not five months. \"We can't do everything in nine months. Every government needs time. If everything is finished in one year, there will be nothing left to do for the remaining four years,\" he said.He reiterated his stand that unless the state government is satisfied with the mining scenario, mining would not be allowed to re-start in Goa.Parrikar said people sitting in air-conditioned offices in Delhi know nothing about the ground realities at places in Goa like Netravali and therefore cannot decide what should happen there.\"These people in Delhi cannot become experts about Goa's mining-affected areas after a day's visit as many locals there have never seen a television or do not have electricity connections. To decide for these people, one needs to stay with them for six months or at least for a couple of days,\" he said.The chief minister said that the shortfall in mining revenue is not a problem as he has many ideas on how to raise finances for the state.He expressed happiness at winning the award saying it was not only from popular vote but also from a jury.\"I took no efforts to get the award but I am happy because it shows people understand my work. The award gives me more enthusiasm to deliver more,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17606955", "title": "Indecent behaviour: Teacher to face music", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Authorities of the Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Vengara in Malappuram said on Thursday that strict action will be taken against the Arabic teacher of the school, who allegedly misbehaved with girl students.A group of parents had staged protest in front of the school on Thursday demanding disciplinary action against the teacher. In the discussion following the protest, school authorities promised the PTA that department-level action would be taken against the teacher by Monday.Meanwhile, Childline authorities collected statements from the students regarding the incident. Childline authorities said they will take up the issue if officials of the school fail to take action.Police have not received any complaint regarding the incident so far.In a similar incident happened in the school two months ago, a teacher was suspended for sexually abusing students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606143", "title": "Soon, law to deter attacks on scribes: Prithviraj Chavan", "text": "MUMBAI: CM Prithviraj Chavan on Thursday assured a delegation of journalists that he will soon place a proposal for enacting a stringent law to deter attacks on scribes before the state cabinet. \"I am in favour of a special law to prevent such assaults,'' Chavan said.\"A proposal for a new law will be placed before the cabinet as early as possible. I will convince my cabinet colleagues on the need for a special legislation to prevent attacks,\" he added. Besides a new legislation, Chavan assured that the state and district committees to prevent attacks on journalists will be revived. According to the CM, there is a demand for setting up redressal mechanism for complaints against scribes. In view of the categorical assurance, journalists S M Deshmukh and Kiran Naik, who went on a hunger strike before the Nagpur council hall, called off their agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610423", "title": "Midnight\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Children gets 'A' certificate, Deepa happy", "text": "Deepa Mehta whose earliers films Fire, Water and 1947-Earth got into a severe censorial crises, is pinching herself in disbelief.Her latest and most controversial film Midnight's Children was cleared on Wednesday without a single cut. Deepa who was all set for a prolonged battle to preserve her footage from any sign of desecration is over the moon.Says the astounded ecstatic and relieved director, \"After the unnecessary controversies I was kind of expecting some kind of problem. But the censorboard was exceptionally fair. They didn't cut a single shot of my film. Of course they gave it an 'A' certificate. That's fine. Midnight's Children is meant for children. But the fact that an adult audience is being treated as a mature viewership is a sign of the changes that are creeping slowly but surely into the Indian socio-political framework.\"Now after the censorial clearance we hear PVR the Indian distributors of Midnight's Children have taken a decision to dub the film into Hindi before its release at the end of January 2013.Says Deepa, \"I leave these matters to my very capable distributors. I am just happy that my film would be seen uncut in India.\"The censorial all-clear flag is of special relief to Deepa after her film's one-show screening at the Film festival Of Kerala earlier this month. After the screening some Congress sections accused the film of showing Mrs Indira Gandhi in a poor light. Says Deepa, \"I think with the censorboard clearing the film uncut we can safely say that Midnight's Children is not meant to show anyone or any section in a poor light.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606306", "title": "Indians living longer, but not healthy in twilight years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, Indians may be living longer than what they used to four decades ago. Be that as it may, the number of years they stay healthy is much lesser.While an average Indian male's life span was 63.2 years in 2010, he actually stayed healthy only till 54.6 years. Hence, an average Indian male spent the last nine years of his life suffering from poor health. When it comes to an average Indian female, though she is expected to live till 67.5 years, she is likely to be healthy till 57.1 years spending over a decade, or 10.4 years in poor health. There is only a slight increase in the number of years being spent by an average Indian now in poor health compared to 1990, when a man used to spend 8.2 years and a woman 9.5 years not in fine fettle.The first-ever global estimates of healthy life expectancy (HALE) a measure of how many years a person at a specific age can expect to live in good health between two time points of 1990 and 2010 in 187 different countries has found that the world's population loses more years of healthy life to disability now than it did 20 years ago.Between 1990 and 2010, globally overall life expectancy at birth increased by 4.7 years and 5.1 years for men and women, respectively.However, the new estimates show that the number of years that people could expect to live in good health at birth only increased by 3.9 years for men and 4 years for women in the same period.The problem is even more pronounced by the age of 50, with life expectancy having increased by more than 3 years in men and 2.5 years in women since 1990. However, HALE has increased by around 1.5 years for both the genders during the same period.Overall, women can expect to live for more years in better health with women in four countries Japan, Singapore , South Korea and Spain having HALE greater than 70 years in 2010; there were no countries where this was the case for men.In only three countries Afghanistan , Jordan , and Mali a man's HALE is greater than a woman's.The study was published in the British medical journal, The Lancet.\"Health means more than simply delaying death or increasing life expectancy at birth. Although life expectancy is increasing globally, we need to understand whether or not people are living those extra years in good health,\" says Prof Joshua Salomon of Harvard School of Public Health, one of the study's authors.Male HALE at birth in 2010 was below 50 years for 33 countries compared to 18 countries for female HALE. Around 32 countries had male HALE at birth of 65 years or more in 2010 in comparison to 71 nations for female HALE.\"Four countries had female healthy life expectancy at birth in 2010 of at least 70 years, but no countries had male healthy life expectancy of 70 years or higher. Male healthy life expectancy was higher than female healthy life expectancy in only three countries in 2010, with the greatest differenceof more than 2 yearsin Afghanistan,\" the study found. The study says that a large component of years lived with disability (YLD) comes from mental and behavioural disorders, such as major depression, anxiety and alcohol and drug use disorders. Some neurological conditions such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease are important contributors in old age, and seem to be increasing in prevalence. Further major contributors to YLD are musculoskeletal disorders including low back pain, neck pain, and osteoarthritis. Prevalence of these conditions is not decreasing and at least for some disorders, such as osteoarthritis might increase with the growing obesity epidemic. Morbidity caused by diabetes, including diabetic foot, neuropathy, retinopathy, Amputation and chronic kidney disease, is also large and increasing.The study says that people and societies are also concerned about the presence of disease and about degrees of functioning. Over the past six decades, advances in medicine and public health, improved living standards, greater educational attainment and decreased fertility have contributed to huge reductions in mortality in most world regions. With the accompanying trend of population ageing, the need to prioritize healthy ageing is increasingly recognized.According to Prof Salomon, \"The failure to make substantial progress in reducing disability over the past 20 years should serve as a wake-up call to the global public health community. Target-setting exercises for global health such as the Millennium Development Goals have focused almost exclusively on reduction of mortality from specific causes such as HIV, tuberculosis and malaria, with varying results. Meanwhile, the overall prevalence of disability has changed little. If all countries could achieve the disability rates similar to countries such as Japan, healthy life expectancy would increase substantially and would probably be accompanied by reductions in costs of managing disease and injuries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17608113", "title": "Captured: Deepest view of space yet", "text": "WASHINGTON: Astronomers have observed deeper into space than ever before and identified seven new galaxies that formed just a few hundred million years after the Big Bang , including one that may be the oldest to date.Using Nasa's Hubble Space Telescope, astronomers uncovered a population of seven primitive galaxies that formed more than 13 billion years ago, when the universe was less than 4% of its present age.The deepest images to date from Hubble yield the first statistically robust sample of galaxies that tells how abundant they were close to the era when galaxies first formed, Nasa said.The Hubble's observations support the idea galaxies assembled continuously over time and also may have provided enough radiation to reheat, or re-ionize , the universe a few hundred million years after the theorized big bang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605601", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t hinder Vijay Diwas fest, Army had advised Sainiks", "text": "MUMBAI: Before beginning Vijay Diwas preparations at Shivaji Park, senior Indian Army officials conveyed this advice to the Shiv Sainiks: 'mind your own business and we will mind our own'.The Army was initially sceptical about the presence of a political party on the ground, but has since gone full throttle with its preparations. On Thursday, the boundary of the park was covered with approximately 30-feet tall hoardings, that effectively shut out the makeshift Bal Thackeray memorial from view. The hoardings featured activities to be displayed during Vijay Diwas. The theme of the event, from December 15-16, is 'Know Your Army', to encourage more youths to join the armed forces.\"It is the government which has to decide on taking action against the temporary structure at the park. On our behalf, we had a talk with them (Sainiks), asking them not to interfere with the event. We told them if they mind their own business, then the Indian Army will go about its own,\" said Major General Rajesh Bawa, general officer commanding, Mumbai Sub Area, Mumbai. \"The aim of the event is to enthrall the general public with various breathtaking displays and rekindle interest in Mumbai's youth to choose the Armed Forces as their career,\" he said.A senior army officer said the event would showcase breathtaking displays and also give citizens an experience of the various weapon systems and equipment used by the Army. The Army will also reach out to ex-servicemen with updates on various post-retirement issues and address their pension problems through the Pension Grievance Cell.Asked about security arrangements, a senior Army official said, \"We are here to celebrate an occasion and not on the warfront. Nevertheless, 1,500 soldiers from different battalions across Maharashtra will guard the venue. We have carried out security checks. There will also be air surveillance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kaithal", "code": "17607367", "title": "Another village bans DJ music during weddings", "text": "KAITHAL: Four days after a youth was shot dead in Khurda village of Kaithal, following a row over playing DJ during the \"ghurchari\" ritual in a marriage, a neighbouring village has banned DJs from its functions, especially during the horse-riding ceremony.Blaming DJs for the violence in marriages, the panchayat of Dyoda Kheri village took the decision at a meeting on Wednesday.It was also decided at the meeting that those violating the panchayat decision will be fined Rs 21,000 and a committee of elders has been formed in this regard.According to villagers, if there are no DJs, there won't be any violence in functions.\"We have taken this decision in the wake of the violent clash that occurred in Khurda village in which a man was shot dead. The man was killed after a row over playing of a song by DJ. No DJ, no violence and no murder in marriages,\" said Dyoda Kheri village sarpanch Kuldeep Singh.\"It's a unanimous decision and has not been imposed on anyone. DJs have become a threat to the peace and serenity of marriages and should be banned,\" added Singh.However, some villagers were also of the view that the problem was not with playing songs by DJs or \"band baja,\" but lie in the objectionable behavior of people who witness it, as procession pass through the village street, creating nuisance during ghurchari.On December 9, an agriculture department employee Karan Singh was shot dead in Khurda village of the district in a clash between villagers over lowering the volume of a song being played by the DJ during a ghurchari.Five persons were also seriously injured in the clash in which swords, batons and bricks were used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17607592", "title": "Vendors take to the streets", "text": "HUBLI: Street vendors in the city on Thursday staged a protest at Channamma Circle against the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation's implementation of the shop eradication policy.They said that they have been doing business for the past 20 years and paying a fixed rent to the HDMC. \"The drive against shops will affect many families who are dependent on the earnings that they get from the business. It is not easy to reallocate shops. The rent is high and we will have to pay a heavy amount as deposit to landlord,\" they said. The protesters submitted a memorandum to HDMC mayor Pandurang Patil, requesting to give up the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17607427", "title": "Govt waiting for HC to act on structure?", "text": "The December 12 deadline for the Shiv Sena to remove the makeshift memorial at Shivaji Park expired on Wednesday, with an uneasy sharing of space between the Army preparing for a parade, and the Sainiks. While both the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the government may be reluctant to act, preferring to perhaps wait for the Bombay High Court to resolve the issue, the government is however firm that no construction will be allowed at Shivaji Park.Sources say the High Court has already admitted a case on the matter, which will again come up for hearing on December 20. The BMC and the Sena both filed caveats in court so that their side is heard before any judgment is passed. The government is likely to inform the HC that they issued notices to senior Sena leaders to vacate the ground and also attempted to take action on its own on Monday night, which created a law and order situation. The BMC bid to clear the structure on Monday was scuttled by the Sainiks who, tipped off by sympathizers within the civic body, had vandalized BMC vehicles. \"The BMC will give all these details before the court and will urge the court to give directives,\" said a BMC official.On Wednesday, as soon as Army jawans trooped in for a rehearsal in the morning, Sainiks arrived in huge numbers fervently waving their saffron flags. Refusing to heed the civic body's deadline of vacating the ground, the Sainiks continued to stay put at the site where Bal Thackeray was cremated on November 18.\"It's the Dahisar shakha's turn today. We just want to ensure the platform is protected,\" said Bhageshwar Chavan, a Sena worker from Dahisar. Taking a break from their aggressive posturing over the last few days, Sainiks took to singing bhajans and kirtans on Wednesday.Army officials at the park told TOI that they were marking out area on the ground for stalls and parade rehearsals will start from Thursday. \"We will have stalls to display artillery and weapons at the function, similar to a Republic Day parade,\" said an army official.Defence officials said they had the HC's permission to hold the Indian Army Festival. \"We will utilise a major portion of the Shivaji Park ground, without touching the cricket pitches. On Thursday, the stalls will be set up for the dress rehearsal on December 14. Tanks and artillery will reach the ground on Wednesday night,\" said defence chief PRO, N Vispute.A BMC notice put up on the ground, alerting people to stay away from December 12-17, has deterred several budding cricketers and morning walkers from using the ground.Sena insiders were optimistic that the government wouldn't take any action till December 18, and by then party CEO Uddhav Thackeray would probably announce removal of the temporary structure in exchange for setting up a small plaque near the Shivaji statue.\"The BMC is unlikely to do anything on its own, especially with the ground being shared by the Army for Vijay Diwas preparations,\" said a Sena source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606798", "title": "Government teacher recruitments mid year to hit private schools", "text": "CHENNAI: Margaret Williams (name changed) was overjoyed when she found that she was one of the 20,000-odd candidates to be appointed as a teacher in a government school. But, she could not ignore the twinge of guilt she felt knowing that she would be disappointing the 60 students she would leave behind when she left her current employment.\"It's an opportunity of a lifetime, and God knows I've waited for it long enough. But, if I have to join immediately I will be leaving my Class 10 students when they need me most,\" Margaret said. \"As if I don't feel guilty enough about this, my school headmaster keeps reminding me about 'my betrayal' every chance he gets,\" she added.Rarely do teachers turn down a government job offer. While a private school pays around 5,000 to 10,000 a government job would mean a salary of around 18,000 with retirement perks. With the board exams just a few months away, schools fear that revision work would be affected.Private schools said this was a problem they face each time the government recruits teachers. \"We welcome the government's decision to recruit teachers, but we also wish they would give us enough time to find replacements. Where will we go for teachers in the middle of the academic year,\" said founder of Sri Natesan Vidyasala School N Ramasubrahmanyam. He said that three teachers from his school - handling mathematics, physics and commerce - are getting relieving letters this Saturday.Private schools usually recruit during April or May, but the government does not have a particular recruiting period. Once the call letters arrive, candidates are asked to join within a week. \"When we recruit, candidates ask whether we will release their certificates if they get a government job. I won't refuse them for a government job. It's something they value very much,\" said A P Elias, a school correspondent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608051", "title": "GHMC standing committee approves Rs 3,800cr budget", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) standing committee on Thursday approved budget estimates for the financial year 2013-14 at Rs 3,800 crore, an increase of Rs 1,136 crore to the current fiscal.The revised budget estimates for the 2012-13 fiscal are Rs 2,664 crore. The standing committee, chaired by Hyderabad mayor Mohammed Majid Hussain, approved the budget estimates of Rs 3,800 crore on Thursday. Briefing about the civic body's priorities, the mayor said: \"As per the standing committee suggestion, this year, the GHMC will concentrate on control of dengue fever. An amount of Rs 10 crore has been earmarked to procure necessary equipment and vehicles to prevent dengue.\"In view of the impending water crisis, he said Rs 30 crore was earmarked for overcoming drinking water problem in GHMC area. To improve groundwater, an amount of Rs five crore was allocated in the budget for rainwater harvesting structures. Rs 10 crore for Musi rejuvenation project and Rs 4 crore for restoring heritage buildings would be set aside, the mayor said. \"Discussion on the budget estimates will be held at the GHMC council meeting to be held on December 15,\" GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17607621", "title": "Opposition stays away, but 18 bills passed", "text": "BELGAUM: Eighteen important bills, including controversial ones like the cow slaughter Bill, were passed in the absence of opposition party members and without discussion. Worse, some bills were passed though some ruling party members opposed them.The opposition Congress and JD(S) boycotted the assembly on Thursday, when the government refused to extend the session by another day.The opposition members said a lot of issues related to North Karnataka had not been discussed and hence, they needed more time.Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said the CAG report, which had indicted the state government, needed a serious debate. Deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa rejected the request to extend the session, while Speaker KG Bopaiah felt it would cause a lot of inconvenience in terms of logistics.Upset opposition members boycotted the assembly. Outside the assembly, speaking to reporters, Siddaramaiah apologized to the people of North Karnataka and blamed the ruling party for not providing them an opportunity. In the absence of opposition members, some ruling party members donned the role of opposition.Besides the 13 private university bills, the other bills passed are: Karnataka Prevention of Cow Slaughter and Cattle Preservation (Amendment) Bill; Karnataka Land Revenue (Second Amendment) Bill; Karnataka Local Authorities (Prohibition of Defection) (Amendment) Bill; Karnataka State Civil Services (Regulation of Transfer of Staff of Department of Collegiate Education) Bill; and Karnataka Daily Wage Employees Welfare Bill.LECTURERS' TRANSFER The Karnataka State Civil Services (Regulation of Transfer of Staff of Department of Collegiate Education) Bill is to ensure colleges across the state have lecturers. Now, lecturers refuse to serve in remote villages.The state has been categorized A (cities), B (urban centres) and C (rural areas) zones. Once implemented, a newly recruited lecturer has to work in a rural area for eight years, after which he has to serve in a 'B' centre for five years, before moving to 'A' centres. The transfers will be done through counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605921", "title": "Geetika case: Setback for Chanshivroop", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Thursday dropped the proceedings to make Chanshivroop, an employee of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda and co-accused in the Geetika Sharma suicide case, an approver in the case.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate D K Jangala said, \"The applicant/accused has failed to appear in the court to get his statement recorded as a witness. He is not appearing even despite court notice. Therefore, no useful purpose will be served by keeping these proceedings pending.\" Police had told the court that Chanshivroop has fled to the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17606426", "title": "Corporation cracks down on ticketless travelling", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation, Coimbatore Division has intensified the checking in buses to curb ticketless travelling. In a check conducted by the checking inspectors on Wednesday the transport corporation collected a fine of Rs25,000 from ticketless passengers.According to a senior officer in the transport department, the number of ticketless travellers has increased manifold, especially in recent days. The situation deteriorated ever since the state government increased bus fares. He said on Wednesday, nearly 150 people were fined for travelling in buses without tickets.The inspections conducted during the last four months reveal that ticketless travel has increased by more than 50 per cent, he said. The corporation collected a fine of more than Rs 3 lakh in 2011. During the inspections conducted from December 2011 to March 2012, the corporation collected nearly Rs1.8 lakh from 1147 passengers. However the fine collected by December this year has increased to Rs 3.5 lakh, he added.In January 280 passengers were fined, while it was 333 in February, 300 in March and it hovered around this 300 mark for the rest of the months. A total of 4500 passengers had been fined so far, he said. It is unfortunate that many people travel in buses without tickets,\" said V Babu, managing director, TNSTC, Coimbatore division.The corporation is taking stringent steps to curb ticketless travelling which is bringing losses to the transport corporation, he said. He said the corporation has strengthened its checking team.He said the corporation has identified places where the checking inspectors and officers conduct checks. The locations include Gandhipura, Lakshmi mills , Thudiyalur, Ganapaty, Kavyundampalayam, Sarvanampatti, Chinniyampalayam, Saibaba colony, he added.The team is carrying out inspections in 110 places in the city. \"Nearly 220 staff, including 45 checking inspectors and supervisors to oversee the inspection and coordinate efforts,\" the official said adding that weekly inspections are being conducted.If caught travelling without ticket, the official can impose a fine of Rs500. However, in most cases they are let off with whatever they are able to pay. If everybody paid the correct amount, the fines collected would be much more but often a person may not have Rs 500, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17607188", "title": "Kumbh area to remain mosquito-free", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The health department has chalked out a three-tier plan to keep the Kumbh Mela area free of mosquitoes. Apart from regular fogging and spraying of DDT, the health department will set up night soil pits (NSP) to check the menace of housefly. Anti-larval exercise will also be undertaken for mosquito control.Sub in charge, medical &amp; health, Dr Suresh Dwivedi said all scientific measures will be taken to keep the Mela area free from mosquitoes.The spraying of DDT will begin soon and the spraying will be done in camps, office, akharas, etc. Night soil pits will be set up at all 14 sectors. Fogging will also be done to check breeding of mosquitoes in accumulated water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17607468", "title": "Tortured man's kin accuse police of shielding sarpanch", "text": "AMRITSAR: Family members of Gurpreet Singh, who succumbed to injures after brutal torture allegedly by an Akali sarpanch and his 10 accomplices, has blamed on police for shielding the political leader and taking bribe to let of others from the case.Jaswant Singh , a relative of the victim, on Thursday said, \"Gurpreet's mother had identified sarpanch Amarjit Singh then how could police deny his involvement.\" He also wondered that they had given names of 11 persons, including Amarjit, but police claims that charges against only four persons have been established so far.\"Our son has died and we won't let go the culprits, police has to listen to the voice of a common man,\" he said, adding that on Friday villagers will meet local MLA Amarpal Singh and seek strict action against police officer who were allegedly shielding sarpanch and others.However Amritsar (rural) SSP P S Virk said, \"Names of only four persons have come out so far in our investigation, which is still on. The rest of the accused, including sarpanch, are absconding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606568", "title": "Hi-tech registration office may earn 100 crore revenue", "text": "KOLKATA: The state government on Thursday opened a fully computerized property registration office with advance queue management system at Alipore in South 24-Parganas. We are expecting revenue of Rs 100 crore from the office due to the speedy registration process, state finance minister Amit Mitra said on the sidelines of inaugurating the office.\"The expected number of deeds during the financial year 2012-13 is 7,000,\" The advance queue management system installed perhaps for the first time in India in any property registration office,\"he said, adding that the system consisting of token dispenser unit, counter display units and supervision control will help manage the unorganized queues. Besides, receiving an SMS on completion of the deed, the registrant public will get the registration document on the same day, Mitra added.The finance minister admitted that most of the registration offices were overburdened. Everyday around 500 people come to the Alipore office alone.\"Previously it was not possible to offer prompt and efficient service to such a large number of people. Now people will get efficient service based on cutting edge technology. There will be proper AC waiting room facility as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17611141", "title": "21 sub-jails to be upgraded to district jails", "text": "INDORE: Twenty one sub-jails at the district headquarters will be upgraded to district jails, announced by jail minister of Madhya Pradesh, Jagdish Deora, on Thursday after the departmental advisory committee meeting.Minister of state for jails, Narayan Singh Kushwaha, principal secretary jails, J.T. Ekka, MLAs, Bhagat Singh Netam and Shantilal Dhabi, and departmental officers were present at the meeting.Deora said that as per the committee's recommendation, 21 such sub-jails are to be upgraded to district jail. Of these, three sub-jails at Morena, Mandsaur and Balaghat have been upgraded to district jails in three phases. Remaining sub-jails will be upgraded in three phases in the next three years.The jail minister informed that honorarium of part-time doctors in jails has been increased from Rs 150 to Rs 500. A proposal regarding increasing honorarium of part-time compounders is also under examination. He informed that Madhya Pradesh is possibly the first state in the country where ITI training is being imparted to prisoners. As a pilot project, this arrangement has been made in Dhar and Betul district jails. He informed that Gaushalas are being run in the state's jails for which there is a provision of necessary budget.Deora instructed to ensure proper arrangements in all the jails for the meeting of prisoners with their relatives.The minister directed to give permission to the member MLAs to inspect the jails situated in their districts. As per the suggestions put up by member MLAs, he directed to arrange the training of prisoners in manufacturing useful goods from material available locally. At the outset, arrangement for bamboo products will be made in Balaghat district jail.Director General, Shri Surendra Singh, informed that 29 machines for preparing dough, pressure cookers and anti-mosquito and housefly, have been made available in state's jails. Prisoners' wages have also been increased to Rs 55 from Rs 28.At the meeting, permission was granted by the Health and Education departments to the Jail Department to fill up sanctioned direct recruitment posts on a permanent basis, sanction 90 posts for guard cadre employees of sub-jails to chief guard and giving 13 months salary to jail guards like the Police department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606064", "title": "'Lack of innovative teaching affects science learning'", "text": "NAGPUR: Science is a subject that is a treasure trove of facts and concepts. Its vastness sometimes baffles children and they tend to find it uninteresting. However, this is not so in the case of this avid science lover who has devoted his life in making this subject much easier and interesting to learn for over four decades.He has spent three of these four decades as an editor of India's most popular science magazine Science Reporter. He has also written 44 books, most of which are based on the subject, for children. Alongside, all this he has also been associated with shows for Doordarshan that had been designed to popularize science. Even after all these efforts, Biman Basu feels that a lot needs to be done to raise the standard of science communication in India.The absence of hands-on, practical teaching of the subject, he warns, will also act as a hurdle in the path of development of the country. Even though people believe that there are few role models that the children in the country can follow in this regard, Basu believe there are enough examples but are not being kept in front of the kids.\"India's only Nobel laureate CV Raman gave up a lucrative government job to work at a college, doing research and drawing a meagre salary. JC Bose spent all the wealth he inherited on his research work. How many students are aware of such examples?\" he asked. Not only are these examples not being followed, but we have also failed to instill a questioning attitude in our children, he lamented.He sadly notes that Government of India has come up with many schemes like INSPIRE and many other fellowships and scholarships, but has failed to attract students to this subject. \"All the progress that the country has attained, be it in space or agriculture, even supercomputers, has been achieved our own brilliant scientists without much help from the outside. However, the drastic fall in the number of students opting for pure and basic sciences is an alarming trend that can hinder our growth story,\" said Basu.He ascribes the reason for this to the lack of good science teachers and communicators in the country. \"With all the technological advances like multimedia and simulation, many teaching aids are available to facilitate teaching science in an interesting manner. Telling students the relationship of a scientific principle to things they experience in their everyday lives is a technique few teachers use,\" he said. No wonder, he said, that blind faith is still prevalent in our country.Basu believes that the right way would be to allow children to discover things rather than telling them stuff. \"The thrill of discovery is not felt by children these days. Let them ask questions and help them find the answers. There is so much still left undiscovered and unexplored in the world. Let these young minds free and let them explore the wonders of the world they live in,\" he advises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17605916", "title": "It's difficult being a Singham", "text": "As a photographer, I am used to covering myriad events across the city as a dispassionate observer. However, at one event I could no longer just look on.I was covering an agitation by the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) in support of CP&Berar; School students at Ravi Nagar Square on National Highway no. 7. The MNS activists had blocked traffic to protest a decision by civic authorities and Starbus management to stop special buses plying for school students. They wanted the public transport buses to ferry students from the school gate, instead of making them walk a long distance to the nearest bus stop at Ravi Nagar square.The MNS activists had halted traffic on the busy unmanned junction for nearly half an hour to give safe passage to the students walking from the school to the bus stop. This resulted in a huge traffic jam. But, amazingly, though the spot is walking distance from a police station, not a single cop turned up at the spot.The MNS workers finally commandeered a few Starbuses and directed the drivers to drop the children at their stops. The agitation ended after the student left in the buses. Amid all this, the MNS workers had forgotten that their agitation had completely jammed traffic at this busy square.Then I noticed an ambulance stuck in the traffic, with a patient inside. The situation was not being helped by all the impatient people continuously honking to express their frustration at being held up in traffic at the peak hour.In a split second, almost like the dashing cop in Singham who mouths 'aata majhi satakli', I took charge of traffic management at the square. I pushed aside an autorickshaw trying to go down the wrong side of the road. My voice reached the highest pitch, and long, hard stares succeeded in silencing some motorists honking away from inside their cars. I cleared the small vehicles like bikes and handcarts, and finally opened the road for some private buses behind which the ambulance was stuck.I then realized it's easy to clap when a hero reacts in such situation in the movies, but it's hard to find people ready to lend a helping hand when it's needed the most. But I thank god my strategy worked and within 15 minutes the traffic was back to normal. It was then that I noticed two cops arrive at the spot, bringing a smile to my face, as I was relieved of the tedious work of manning traffic in such a situation.A youngster in a brand new four-wheeler thanked me as he escaped the traffic jam. It was then that I thought to myself, no more 'satakli' but 'aata majhi sutti' (end of the job).(The ever smiling Ranjit Deshmukh can rarely be found in situations where he cannot click)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17606480", "title": "Archery meet begins", "text": "BOKARO: The 10th Jharkhand State Archery Championship began on Thursday at Mohan Kumar Mangalam Stadium in Bokaro. About 350 archers, including Arjuna awardees Deepika Kumari, Jayanta Talukdar and Mangal Singh Champia, will participate in the competition. The city, which is hosting the state-level Archery championship for the first time, gave a grand welcome to the participants. The three-day eventinaugurated by Anutosh Maitra, CEO, Bokaro Steel Plant,kicked off with cultural programme and an oath speech for participants by Deepika.There will be 28 teams - SAIL's Eklavya Archery Academy (Kiriburu), Tata Archery Training Centre, BMAC (Silli), Jharkhand Police, Nutan Gumla District Archery Training and JUSCO (Jamshedpur), among others -from different districts in the state. The ace archers will participate in the recurve category on Friday and Saturday. tnnWinners will represent Jharkhand in the National Archery Championship to be held in Chennai this month.On Day 1, Soni Kumari from Dhanbad led in the senior round 50 m while Tulsi Hembram won gold in 30 m Indian round in the championship. In men's seniors, Mukesh Tiwari of Birsa Munda Academy bagged the first position in 30 m Indian round and Rajender Tiwari of SWC Academy won the 50 m Indian round. In sub-junior category, Shimpi Kumari of Birsa Munda Academy won gold in 30 m Indian round.Maitra welcomed the participants and lauded the efforts made by the Bokaro District Archery Association for organizing the event at Bokaro in collaboration with BSL.Maitra highlighted the efforts made by SAIL in promoting Archery in Jharkhand, particularly through its Eklavya Archery Academy at Kiriburu. The event will witness participation of around 350 archers from across the state in which 31 archers are of national and international levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605058", "title": "Cricketer arrested for dowry torture", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Ranji cricketer Sanjay Satpathy (33) was finally caught. He was arrested by Mahila police late on Wednesday after being on the run for over a month. His wife Swapna, a civil engineer, had lodged a dowry torture case against him with Mahila police station on November 4. She had also accused him of forcibly taking away her 10-year-old son Anshu from her.Police laid their hands on Sanjay at his in-law's house in Puri's Nirmala village where he was pressurizing his wife and father-in-law to withdraw the case against him. \"We arrested him from his wife's paternal house,\" ACP (Zone-I) Nihar Ranjan Das said. Sanjay was produced in a trial court here on Thursday and his bail plea was rejected.Swapna alleged that Sanjay and two of his friends reached her house late in the night and started beating up her father Sarbeswar Upadhyay. \"He was drunk. He abused us and beat my father,\" Swapna said. \"He threatened me of dire consequences if I do not withdraw the case against him. We informed police immediately,\" she said. Sources said Swapna's neighbours detained Sanjay, who was attempting to flee. \"We handed him over to police. But his friends escaped,\" Swapna said.Sanjay refused to speak to media. However, he had earlier rubbished her allegations.The whereabouts of Anshu was not known till evening. \"Police failed to retrieve my child from him,\" Swapna said. Police said Sanjay refused to divulge anything about the child. \"Since Swapna had moved the family court to get back her child, Sanjay will inform the court about his whereabouts,\" said IIC of Mahila police station Amita Tripathy. Sanjay's lawyer Durga Prasad Rath said he would move the higher court seeking bail. \"The allegations against him are baseless,\" Rath said.Swapna and Sanjay had tied the knot in February 2011. Sanjay, who debuted in Ranji Trophy against Maharashtra in 1995-96, had bagged 208 scalps in 63 first class matches before calling it a day from cricket nearly three years ago. Sanjay was awarded cricketer of the year in 1999 by the state government but was banned for a year by Odisha Cricket Association in August 2009 for allegedly making defamatory remarks against the association.In February, former captain of Odisha Ranji team Prabhanjan Mallick was arrested on charges of torturing his wife Cini Mohanty after she lodged a complaint at the Mahila police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17606515", "title": "Wanted criminal arrested in Bahraich", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The Palamu police on Wednesday arrested a hardened criminal, Dilip Sharma alias Mukhiya (26), from Bahraich in Uttar Pradesh. Sharma, who is wanted in several cases of extortion and similar crimes in Palamu, was arrested from the house of a family friend in Bahraich, police said.Sources said a team of Palamu police went to Bahraich by road to nab the criminal who is now being brought back to Palamu on transit remand.Palamu SP AT Mathew said Sharma's brother works in a Gulf country. Sharma was involved in making several extortion demands, besides terrorizing traders of Japla in Palamu district by making threatening phone calls from Bahraich.Police said a member of the family where Sharma had taken shelter in Bahraich also works in the Gulf.Mathew said policemen on mobikes have been deployed on patrol duty at the sensitive market areas in Japla to build confidence among the traders in the wake of Sharma's extortion calls to them.Apart from extortion, Sharma is also a named accused in the murder of one, Shafique Khan, who was shot dead in Japla about two months ago, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17607278", "title": "A unique visual treat in 35mm", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ajita Suchitra Veera the director of 'Ballad of Rustom', screened in the Top Angle - Indian Cinema session of the IFFK, has shot the film in the traditional 35mm cinemascope with sync sound. The 35mm film gives ideal perfection to the visuals, she said.The director has used 'bleach by-pass technique' which, she says, will add to the beauty of the landscapes she captured in the film. \"This technique gives a unique visual feel to the entire film. By de-saturating the colours, each visual in the film appears like a painting,\" she said.'Ballad of Rustom' is about the imagination, dreams, passion for life, love, hope and despair and the contradicting philosophies of a few people who live in a small Indian town. \"Every character in the film comes from my own life. Those people whom I have seen since childhood, who might look ordinary, but are extraordinary in their own ways. My film talks about the lives of those who silently influence the lives of others,\" says Ajita.Early this year, Ajita won the Best Director award in the Indian Competition section at the 12th Osian's Cinefan Film Festival. Her film was screened in many international film festivals too. \"Ballad of Rustom is unique in its theme and style. I spend a lot of time searching for ideal faces for my characters and for the right location,\" she said.Thirty-year-old Ajita took almost four years to complete her two-hour-long film shot in Coorg, Karnataka. A Film and Television Institute (FTII), Pune alumnus, she got the help of cinematographer Shanthibooshan, a classmate of her, to capture the visuals. \"I passed out from FTII in 2004. All my friends at the institute stood with me during the filmmaking process. Even though I had to fund myself for the project their intellectual and emotional support really mattered to me,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17608001", "title": "Government Museum in Chennai: Where time and funds remain frozen", "text": "CHENNAI: Established in 1851, the Government Museum in Chennai has seen much restoration work in recent years, but leaves a lot to be desired.Chipped limestone walls covered with carpets of damp moss, creepers growing through wide cracks and piles of broken furniture dumped at the end of dimly-lit corridors greet visitors to the museum, one of the largest in the country.A classic example of official dereliction is the condition of the national gallery in the complex. Ten years after it was closed to the public after cracks were detected, the 105-year-old Victoria Memorial Hall building is still waiting for funds and experts to salve its scars. Experts say the structure, built in the Indo-Saracenic style, is sinking under the weight of its dome, and needs immediate restoration work.\"While we're constantly undertaking repair work on other old buildings that are part of the museum complex, the damage to the gallery is extensive and requires a lot of funds and expertise. We've written to the ministry of culture repeatedly, but are yet to see any action,\" said a museum official. Due to lack of space, paintings from the crumbling gallery have been taken down and stored in a separate room, he added.The museum, the second oldest in the country, has a rich repository of coins and sculptures from ancient south India. Many of the buildings in the museum's precincts are over 100 years old and in a state of disrepair.Despite being an archaeological treasure trove, museum officials admit that the number of visitors has reduced over the years. \"We're trying to rekindle public interest by holding art and culture programmes every week. This way, we get people to learn more about the state's culture and the museum serves as a bridge,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17606736", "title": "Shifting of Air India Express headquarters to Kochi gets nod", "text": "KOCHI: Air India director board, which met in Kochi on Thursday ratified the proposal to shift the headquarters of the Air India Express (AIE) to the city from January 1.The low cost wing of the national carrier operates the lion's share of flights from the three airports in Kerala and from the neighbouring Mangalore airport. Much of the control operations of this will now be shifted to Kochi, said Air India chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan.\"We had taken this decision about seven months back, but the pilots' strike and other issues had deferred its implementation,\" he said in response to questions from reporters here.Deployment of additional staff in various sections has already begun. \"We have already recruited a deputy chief of operations to be posted in Kochi. Officers at the level of deputy chiefs will also be posted here in other wings like commercial and flight safety as well as a flight coordinator,\" deputy chief operating officer (COO) Pushpinder Singh told TOI here.Rohit Nandan said teams of dedicated staff from AIE would be posted in all the airports in Kerala for ensuring better rapport between the airline and passengers.Ansbert D'souza, COO of AIE, said a call centre in Malayalam would be opened in Kerala soon.Pushpinder Singh, however, disclosed that integrated operations control centre (IOCC) of the Air India and AIE would continue to remain in Delhi. This means the asset management would largely be controlled from Delhi, airline sources said.Pushpinder Singh sought to underplay this by saying that with the introduction of airline resource management system (ARMS) software, the geographical location of the IOCC was not of much significance. \"I am not suggesting that the location of IOCC closer to predominant area of operation has some advantages. But with the increased communication facilities it would be possible for effective resource management even from different locations,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605847", "title": "Govt continues to neglect Nagpur's water bodies", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems the seriousness of the Central and State government about conservation of environment and water bodies lie only on papers. The proposals for rejuvenation of the city's iconic Nag river and nine other lakes have been making rounds on papers for the last four years. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) is sitting pretty on the slow death of city's precious water bodies.This November, the proposals sent to the state government had turned four years. The Nag river proposal moved a step forward in April, but is again back into cold storage. Similarly, the proposal for the lakes too came to limelight in May and has been crying for attention since then.Criticizing the government and the civic body, veteran social activist Umesh Choubey told TOI that the proposals may be termed as a decade old. \"We demanded that the state government sanction funds for the rejuvenation of Nag river and lakes in 2002. Then chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh had even announced publicly that he would sanction funds during the city's tri-centenary celebrations in 2002. Nothing has happened in the interest of the city in these 10 years. The NMC is sitting idle as it is ruled by the BJP, while the Congress government is not taking the proposals seriously,\" he said.The pollution in Nag river and the city's lakes has been increasing with every passing year. The NMC and NIT reportedly turned the Nag, Pilli and Pora rivers flowing through the city into sewage drains. Even though the condition of the lakes has become even more serious, the NMC, with an annual budget of Rs1,200 crore, did nothing for the conservation of water bodies as it was depending on the government.However, showing some interest, the state government submitted the rejuvenation proposal of Nag river with the Centre under National River Conservation Plan (NRCP) launched in 1996. The proposal is still pending. A team from the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) visited the city in April and asked the NMC to submit the revised proposal after accommodating few suggestions. As usual, the civic body submitted the revised proposal only few days ago.Similarly, the state approved 2 of total 11 lakes' proposals in March 2010. Since then, the proposal of remaining nine lakes has been pending.NMC is yet to start works at Gandhisagar lake despite getting approval for it two years ago. However, the works at Sonegaon lake are in final stage. In May, the proposals of two more lakes - Ambazari and Futala were reportedly sent to the Centre from the state government which witnessed no development till date.A senior NMC official said that the pollution in Nag river has reached serious proportion as it is linked with multi-crore Gosikhurd irrigation project. \"Untreated sewage flowing into Nag river is contaminating Gosikhurd project. NMC initiated three projects to augment sewage treatment capacity. But much depends on the Nag river proposal. It will be possible to collect and treat sewage generated from the city, if it gets approval of Nag river proposal,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605026", "title": "Fair deal: RD to get varsity status soon", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city will soon boast of the first exclusive university for women in the state. The Rama Devi Women's (Autonomous) College will soon be converted into one.Then it would be among the very few exclusive universities for women in the country. SNDT Women's University (Maharashtra) is the first women's university in South-East Asia.A senior government officer said the state government's plan is in accordance with recommendations of the 17-member task force on higher education in 2010. \"The task force had suggested making RD Women's College an independent campus. It will give the institution greater administrative autonomy, funding from various sources, including University Grants Commission (UGC) besides academic freedom,\" the officer said.Trilochan Pradhan, who headed the government's task force, said the women's university would further inspire excellence in women's education. \"An exclusive campus for women will go a long way in giving a new direction to higher education for women,\" Pradhan said.Pradhan said RD's university status will also ease the load of its parent university (Utkal), which is overburdened with over 350 affiliated colleges. The new university will help conduct examinations and publish results on time. \"Such unitary universities and universities with very few affiliated colleges are necessary to improve quality of education,\" Pradhan said, citing the example of Ravenshaw University, Cuttack.The government has asked the RD Women's College to prepare a status report on faculty strength, infrastructure and land besides projected need for converting it into a university. The college authorities have welcomed the government move. \"This will definitely help the institution achieve new standards of education and research,\" said RD Women's College principal Sanghamitra Khuntia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17605926", "title": "Tenants up in arms against Fuel Surchage Adjustment collection", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents living in rented premises are up in arms against the Fuel Surchage Adjustment (FSA) being collected by the power distribution companies as in several cases, they are ending up paying for the electricity consumed by the previous tenants.Agitated after receiving huge electricity bills for the months of October and November, several apartment and colony residents at a meeting here on Thursday formed the Federation of Apartments and Colony Associations (FACA) in order to fight the imposition of FSA on tenants. The State Electricity Regulatory Commission (ERC) has permitted discoms to collect FSA from consumers for the years 2009-10 and 2010-11.The apartment society presidents and residential colony association representatives questioned the retrospective levy of power charges when the person who had consumed the electricity is not even living in that house anymore. \"How can the state government allow the power companies to penalize the tenants by collecting FSA from those who did not consume the power in the first place?\" they pointed out.\"Who asked the government to buy costly power in the first place? Did the government take the permission from the domestic consumers before purchasing high cost power? The entire FSA episode was designed to benefit private power companies who minted money with false policies implemented by the government,\" said K Nageswar, MLC who chaired the meeting.Domestic consumers, who are already feeling the pinch with the increase of power tariff from June this year, are now forced to pay FSA every month in addition to their monthly bill. \"Earlier, we used to get a monthly bill of around Rs 350. But now, with increased tariff and FSA, we are being made to pay Rs 1320 for October and Rs 1250 for November,\" rued V Santhosh Reddy, a tenant of an apartment located in Gandhi Nagar. He said he was forced to enter into a verbal dual with his apartment owner after he refused to pay the power bill which included surcharge for the power consumed by his predecessor.\"Even big industrialists are not in a position to pay the power bills in the state. Owners and workers are jointly holding agitations in different industrial estates,\" lamented K Nageswar.FACA members decided to appeal to all political parties to bring pressure on the government to withdraw the FSA at least on domestic consumers who they pointed are already under immense financial burden due to the higher tariffs implemented from June this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17605484", "title": "Delay in meter correction displeases Bombay high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Thursday expressed displeasure at the delay over the recalibration of auto and taxi meters. \"There seems to be reluctance on the part of autorickshawmen to convert to electronic meters,\" said a division bench of Justice Dhananjay Chandrachud and Justice Amjad Sayed. The court asked if there was an informal call not to recalibrate meters. The observations came even as the court asked the state to hear representatives of both Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP), and auto and taxi unions over the auto-taxi fare hike.Advocate general Darius Khambata said the state was ready to check the MGP's grievances. The court was informed that out of 42,000 taxis, around 26,000 have been recalibrated, while out of 95,000 autos, the process has been completed only for 15,000. The state said it had just three recalibration centres and all vehicle meters in the city would be corrected by February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17606947", "title": "Five test positive for swine flu", "text": "JAIPUR: Five persons tested positive for swine flu in the state on Thursday. Two of them were residents of Bikaner district. They were brought to the Sawai Man Singh hospital's swine flu ward in Jaipur early on Thursday morning.One of the patients is a 50-year-old woman and the other is a 54-year-old man, a SMS official said. He said that the patients were suffering from swine flu symptoms. The health officials in Bikaner conducted their swab tests, which tested positive for H1N1 influenza. Now, three swine flu patients are undergoing treatment at the SMS hospital's swine flu ward.The other three cases of swine flu were detected in Jodhpur and Sirohi. Since April 1 as many as 217 persons have been tested for swine flu and 34 of them died. The doctors claimed that new cases of flu were found because of the dip in temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605890", "title": "CP Club fined for dumping food waste at Futala lake", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing its drive to ensure clean and green city, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has taken action against renowned CP Club in Civil Lines on Thursday. The club was allegedly allowing its food waste to be used to feed pigs being reared on the banks of Futala lake. Besides, action was also taken against Lotus Hospital at Sakkardara and a dispensary.CP Club came under NMC's scanner after a recent complaint from the official residence of the chief secretary, leading to a long investigation. A senior NMC official told TOI this was the second action against CP Club in the last couple of months.\"NMC has appointed a private agency to collect food and other waste from the doorsteps of commercial establishments. The agency collects, transports and dumps the waste at the Bhandewadi dumping yard. But CP Club discontinued the agency's service recently. We were shocked to learn about this, and wondered how the waste was being disposed off, since a huge quantity of food and other waste is generated at the club every day,\" he said.The official said investigations revealed that CP Club's waste was being dumped on the banks of Futala lake, and used to feed swine. \"We caught a four-wheeler red-handed dumping the waste at Futala lake. The driver admitted that the waste was brought from CP Club. Pigs were eating the waste and also spreading it all around, causing pollution and health hazard. Penalty of Rs5,000 was slapped on CP Club,\" the official said.Meanwhile, another complaint was received that food and other waste was being dumped outside the compound wall of the official residence of the chief secretary. NMC officials inspected the CP Club premises on Thursday and found waste thrown near the compound wall. \"Besides, food and other waste was being carried away in a cycle-rickshaw. Penalty of Rs25,000 was slapped on the Club, and it was asked to say why its registration should not be suspended,\" he said.In another action for disposing off bio-medical waste in improper method, the NMC squad slapped penalty of Rs25,000 on Lotus Hospital, Sakkardara. Similarly, action was also taken against a dispensary run by Manisha Rajgire near Naik Talav.Assistant health officer (sanitation) Dr Ashok Urkude told TOI directives have been given to zone officials to monitor dispensaries and ensure disposal of bio-medical waste in proper manner. \"NMC is collecting and disposing off bio-medical waste collected from indoor hospitals. But dispensaries have refused to avail the service, saying that no bio-medical waste is generated at the establishments. But it has been seen that bio-medical waste is also generated from dispensaries and dumped in garbage bins. Stringent action will be taken if any dispensary is found violating norms,\" he said.NMC had taken action against many renowned hospitals in the past few days. Inspections and action followed after huge quantity of bio-medical waste was found in the garbage at Bhandewadi dumpyard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605887", "title": "Namdhari claims threat to life, wants separate vehicle to jail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sacked Uttarakhand minorities panel chief Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, arrested along with his security officer Sachin Tyagi for their alleged roles in the Ponty-Hardeep Chadha murders, claimed on Thursday that he had a threat to life and should be given a separate vehicle to travel from the jail to the court and back.Namdhari and Tyagi were produced in court following expiry of their judicial custody. Metropolitan magistrate Gaurav Rao extended the custody for 14 more days.Meanwhile, two men part of the Khalsa Sena run by Namdhari have been arrested. They have been identified as Simranjeet Singh alias Lada (28), a resident of Sihor in the Rampur district of UP; and Jagbir Singh alias Sonu (28), also a resident of Rampur. A .315 bore rifle with seven cartridges and a 12 bore double barrel gun with 10 cartridges have been seized. \"Both of them played an integral role in helping Namdhari and Ponty gain access and then forcibly occupy the Chhatarpur farmhouse. We are investigating whether they were also present at the Fortis Hospital when Ponty was taken there by Namdhari.However, it seems unlikely that they saw the shootout,\" said S B S Tyagi, DCP (crime). The Khalsa Sena operated with special cellphone numbers provided to them by Namdhari.Police sources said both the accused were nabbed after extensive raids in UP and Uttarakhand. \"We believe that both the weapons are unlicensed. We have contacted the state police to confirm this,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608082", "title": "Garbage woes to end in SCB soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Garbage woes of the residents of the Secunderabad Cantonment area may come to an end from March. A private firm, Rudram Constructions &amp; Power Pvt Ltd (RCPPL), which has signed an MoU with the Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) recently, will start collecting solid waste (garbage) from March.In fact, Secunderabad Cantonment could be the first cantonment in the country to hand over collection of garbage to a private firm. The SCB and RCCPL signed the MoU on November 29 and the agreement would be in force for a period of 25 years from the operation of power plant.According to the MoU, the SCB has to take responsibility for door-to-door collection of solid waste from all the wards and deliver it to the RCCPL facilities for the first five years. \"The firm has identified suitable land in Tunki Bolarum, Mulugu mandals in Medak district, which is about 37 kms from the Cantonment, to set up a two mega watt (MW) power plant. The Andhra Pradesh State Pollution Control Board (APPCB) has given permission for 'construction of establishment' (CoE). Once the construction is over, the PCB will inspect and give clearance for 'commissioning of operations'. The firm will spend Rs 15 crore for the proposed power plant at the site,\" RCCPL director Mardik L Sheth told TOI.After five years, the firm would pay Rs one lakh per month to SCB for collecting garbage till the project facilities are set up.According to Cantonment officials, around 130 tonnes of garbage is generated every day in the Cantonment area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17606131", "title": "3 die as bus falls into ditch", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A Volvo bus going from Mumbai to Guhagar in Ratnagiri fell into a ditch on the Mumbai-Goa highway near Wadkhal in Raigad, killing 3 passengers and injuring 31. The mishap occurred in the early hours of Thursday. Five injured were admitted to Sion Hospital. The three deceased are Ranjana Rajaram Bekre (55), Suvarna Subhash G (50) and Ramchandra B Khapre (65), cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17608024", "title": "Service providers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 help sought to track stolen cellphones", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have sought the help of cellphone companies to trace 45 cellphones stolen from a college, two days ago.The Adgaon police have written to all the service providers about the cellphones that were stolen during an examination in K K Wagh Polytechnic College on Tuesday. They have also initiated an inquiry.Fortyfive cell phones and Rs 5,000 in cash were stolen from a room near the exam hall of K K Wagh Polytechnic College, Panchavati, when 200 students were appearing for their exam. The college lodged a complaint with the Adgaon police station the same day. The case is being investigated by PI R T Gavli.Since cellphones are not permitted inside the examination hall, they were kept in a room near the hall. When the students went to collect them after their exam at 12.30 pm, the cellphones and the cash were missing.\"We have written to all the mobile companies about the theft because till the cellphones are switched on we will not be able to trace them. People insert a new SIM card and use it. So we have alerted the service providers. It takes some time to trace such things,\" police said, adding that they were also investigating the theft and an inquiry was in progress on the college campus. \"We suspect it to be an insider's job,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605702", "title": "Gadkari expresses regret to President and Chief Justice of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari on Thursday regretted the agony caused to President Pranab Mukherjee and Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir by the party human right cell convener's \"unauthorized and unwarranted\" remarks on them.The convener had questioned the CJI heading a bench to hear arguments from senior advocates P H Parekh and Harish Salve on Mukherjee's behalf in a petition challenging his election as president and had suggested that Justice Kabir should have recused as he knew both lawyers well. The CJI had on Tuesday trashed the charges.The BJP chief took immediate measures to retrieve the unsavoury situation and wrote to the president with copies to the CJI, vice-president and prime minister, expressing dismay and regret over the party human right cell convener's unauthorized comments.\"This (the letter from convener of party human right cell) is completely unauthorized and does not represent the view of the party. We disown it completely and convey our regrets for the agony it has caused to the Chief Justice of India, whom we hold in high regard,\" Gadkari said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17609803", "title": "Arunachal Weightlifter Jimjang Deru creates national record", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal weightlifter Jimjang Deru has brought laurels to the state by creating three new national records in the ongoing 8th Youth National Weightlifting Championship at Nehru stadium, New Delhi.He broke the previous record of Sukhen Dey set in 2005 during Bhilai Youth National Weightlifting Championships by lifting one kg more weight. Dey was the lone Indian male weightlifter in 2012 London Olympics.Deru lifted a total of 193 kg (snatch 86 kg + Clean and Jerk 107 kg) to win three gold medals on Wednesday, official sources informed here today.Earlier, Yukar Sibi from Arunachal set up a national record in the men's 62kg category by lifting 151kg in the clean and jerk in the 63rd men's and 26th women's senior National weightlifting championships in 2011.Initially Deru was given Judo training by Yum Panku, Judo Coach of Sange Laden Sports Academy, Chimpu. Later, he was picked by Army Sports Institute, Pune in a sport talent hunt and nurtured and coached in weightlifting discipline.Other lifters participating in the championships are Gungte Yangfo, Langfu Roman, Sambo Lapung, Khang Kang Kong khang and Lalu Taku. Top lifters, including Sibi, Soram Hitlar Tagru and Kojum Taba could not take part due to injuries. The team is being led by Coach Premita Devi.Meanwhile, the Arunachal Weightlifting Association president Abraham K Techi has congratulated Deru, his team of coaches for the outstanding performance. He also expressed gratitude to Major S S Rao and Commandant, Army Sports Institute, Pune, who took lots of pain to come to Arunachal in 2009 and nurtured Arunachalee talents", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17605264", "title": "BJP looks to Modi as its poll mascot", "text": "BELGAUM: Driven to the wall, the state BJP is looking at all options to refurbish its image. The party has roped in Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's services in an effort to build its image in the state, which will go to polls next year. With chaos and confusion in the party due to its chief mentor and former CM BS Yeddyurappa's exit, the outfit's state leadership is heavily banking on Modi to bring its house in order and to gain maximum seats during assembly elections.During their visit to Ahmedabad to canvass for Modi last week, chief minister Jagadish Shettar and BJP state president KS Eshwarappa have requested him to spend more time in Karnataka after the Gujarat elections, to motivate the faction-ridden cadres here.Admitting that Modi's services have been sought, Eshwarappa told TOI that his presence would definitely boost the party cadres in the state. \"The response from Modi was positive. As elections are expected in April, he will dedicate a considerable part of time to the state,\" Eshwarappa said.Sources in the party said in the event of Modi returning to power, it will have a huge positive impact on the party. Through Modi's victory, the party is hoping that those who have gone with Yeddyurappa will come back and the fence-sitters and others contemplating to join Congress and JD(S) will think twice before deciding to quit the party.\"This was one of the important topics on the agenda of the state core team's meeting with the party high command in New Delhi last week. The issue was the impact of Yeddyurappa's Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) on BJP prospects and action to be taken on the legislators and MPs recognized with the Lingayat strongman,\" sources added.Apart from Modi, all the national netas are said to have planned for frequent visits to the state in an effort to retain power in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606333", "title": "National mobile portability by February, govt silent on zero roaming", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come February and the government hopes to let you retain your mobile number even if you shift to another state, provided you have a post-paid connection.Telecom minister Kapil Sibal on Thursday set a February 2013 deadline for nationwide Mobile Number Portability (MNP), although putting the infrastructure to manage the shift is going to be tough. Currently, there are two entities managing MNP but officials say they have limited capacity and scaling up over the next two months may be a tough ask.Sibal announced at a conference that MNP has been included on the telecom department's agenda for the next three months (up to February). Some of the key initiatives to be completed by February 2013 are approval of spectrum assignment and pricing, unified licences regime, M&A; guidelines, finalization of guidelines for spectrum sharing, creation of fund for R&D; and manufacturing and, of course, MNP on a nationwide basis, he said.While the elements were part of the New Telecom Policy announced by the minister, what is missing from the immediate agenda is the shift to a zero-roaming regime, something that the government had promised. The issue is more complicated than MNP given that operators stand to lose several crores of revenue that accrues to them whenever a mobile user switches on his handset in another circle.The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India is yet to finalize the modalities for rolling out a one-India tariff plan, which will result into end to roaming. Mobile operators have warned that they may be forced to raise call tariffs to offset the impact. While zero-roaming is still some months away, if the government is able to meet the deadline for MNP, it would mean that a user is allowed to switch to a different operator within or outside his circle, while retaining the phone number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17607057", "title": "Police beat, strip tribals; make them stand in the cold", "text": "JAIPUR: Policemen at Udaipur's Sayara station allegedly beat up six tribal persons, stripped them and forced them to stand in the open throughout the cold night. The victims alleged that the cops carried out inhuman atrocities on them to displace them from their land. A complaint regarding this has been registered with the SP, Udaipur office.According to B L Chhanwal, convener of the Akhil Bhartiya Kishan Sabha's tehsil level committee in Gogunda, the proceedings to regularize the land holdings are under process in Amrod area in Udaipur district to which the victims belong.\"Those who were living on the government land were given a deadline till December 31 to submit their documents. It was ordered that no eviction will be done till this date or the holding of a public grievance readdressal camp under the Prashasan Gaon ke Sang campaign,\" Chhanwal said.He added that however, a police team from Sayara police station came to the village on the night of December 6 and forcefully took into custody six tribal men identified as Chamna Ram, Khuma Ram, Gala Ram, Bhera Ram, Roda Ram and Chena Ram.The police brought the six people bring to Sayara Police Station. \"The disturbing story of atrocities on them came up when the villagers including the victims' family members went to the police station demanding their release. There were injury marks on the bodies of the six men. They told us that they were severely beaten up and made to stand in open during cold night after being stripped necked,\" said Chhanwal.Chhanwal said the police produced the six men in a court on December 7 and released them on bail.The six victims on Thursday went to the SP Udiapur's office and lodged a complaint. They demanded removal of the Sayara police station in-charge with immediate effect.\"The police had no right to displace these people when they still had time to show their property documents to the administration. In its orders, the administration had said the plea of people living in government land will be heard during the camp to be organised under the Prashasan Gaon ke Sang campaign. Before being released, the tribal people were threatened to vacate the land soon. Their properties have been grabbed,\" Chhanwal added.A senior police officer said an investigation has been launched into the allegations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "navi mumbai/ulhasnagar", "code": "17606216", "title": "Non-cognizable complaints against 2 teachers for hitting children", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI/ULHASNAGAR: Parents of two students in Koparkhairane and Ulhasnagar have lodged non-cognizable complaints (NCs) against the teachers who had physically hit their wards in separate incidents.On Monday, a 13-year-old boy of Christ Academy in Koparkhairane was reportedly slapped and pinched by his teacher for failing to deliver a public speech at school. On Tuesday, an 11-year-old girl of Abhuday Vidyalaya in Ulhasnagar was allegedly slapped by her teacher, resulting in an injury and swelling in the ear.\"My son has become depressed and refused to go to school (Christ Academy) for two days. The school has not done anything to resolve this issue; that's why I have now lodged an NC at Koparkhairane police station,'' said the boy's father, A Chawda. Principal, Reverend Fr Jaison Vadakkethala, had earlier told TOI that the teacher regrets her actions.Meanwhile, in the Ulhasnagar case, the parents want the accused teacher to be shifted out of the school. But Abhuday Sikshan Mandal, which runs the school, claimed that the girl's family has been fighting a court battle with them for several years as they wish to be a part of their Trust. Principal Jagannath Tembhere said: \"We suspect someone else slapped the girl, but her family is putting the blame on our teacher. Other students have denied witnessing any such incident.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606003", "title": "Union Cabinet okays land bill; consent of 80% land owners a must", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Cabinet on Thursday gave its nod to the much-awaited land acquisition bill, paving the way for its introduction in Parliament in the last week of the winter session.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh appeared to personally pilot the bill when he told Cabinet colleagues that the bill had been vetted by the standing committee and the group of ministers, and should be passed.There was curiosity about when the new bill's provisions would kick in. The rural development ministry has decided that compensation norms would be applicable to all land acquisitions where either the money has not been paid or where possession of the land is still pending. Even cases where compensation has been accepted under protest would come under the purview of the new bill.The proposed legislation seeks to amend the 1894 land bill that was seen to out of sync with changed times, with land becoming a scarce commodity and acquisition leading to agitations.The proposed law makes it mandatory for government to seek the consent of 80% land owners for acquisition for private projects that fall under 'public purpose', which is the category of projects that empowers government to acquire land.The Cabinet is learnt to have finalized on 70% consent for public private partnership projects. The acquisition for government projects would not require any permission from landowners.The consent clause witnessed a lot of drama after the group of ministers headed by Sharad Pawar settled on 67% consent. Congress chief Sonia Gandhi vetoed the dilution, insisting on 80%.The hike from 67% in case of PPP was also because of the insistence of defence minister A K Antony.However, it marks a climbdown from the earlier provision whereby consent was to be secured from landowners as well as livelihood losers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17611338", "title": "Widespread rain in Punjab, Haryana; temperature dips", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most parts of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh received light to moderate rainfall overnight bringing a sharp decline in night temperatures with mercury hovering between 12 to 13 degrees Celsius.While Patiala received 15mm of rainfall, Ambala in Haryana got 14.7mm of rain. Ludhiana had 13.4 mm of rain followed by 9 mm at Karnal, 8.8 mm at Amritsar and 8.4 mm at Bhiwani, the Met office said here on Friday.Among other places, Nangal Dam was drenched by 25 mm of rain whereas Chandigarh received 13.6 mm of rain. Hisar was drenched by 4.2 mm of rainfall.The Met office attributed rains to western disturbances over north Pakistan and adjoining Jammu and Kashmir.Meanwhile, the night temperatures in most parts of the region hovered around 12 to 13 degrees Celsius.Patiala settled at 13 degrees celsius followed by 12.6 degrees celsius each at Hisar and Karnal, 12.5 degrees Celsius at Ambala, 12 degrees Celsius at Chandigarh and 10.2 degrees Celsius at Amritsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17606635", "title": "Guwahati tops state crime list", "text": "GUWAHATI: Despite tall claims of city police of minimizing criminal activities here, the latest crime chart placed by the state home department during the ongoing assembly session revealed a different story all together.In the crime chart, the city or Guwahati (metro) district has topped among all districts of the state in terms of \"break in\" cases with 2114 theft cases and 11 dacoities registered since January this year. A total of 8, 322 cases of theft and 231 cases of dacoity were registered across the state during the same period.\"Apart from regular shortage of manpower, nowadays criminals work in an organized manner and it is very difficult to prevent crimes. Often, they rope in housemaids and drivers, who work as agents to inform them the whereabouts of house owners,\" said a senior police officer.The spurt in 'break-in' cases in the city has not only left many families broke, many have also lost their dear ones. \"Three people were killed in the city in theft cases while one was killed in a dacoity incident in Kamrup (rural) district,\" said the state home department report. In Kamrup (Rural) district, 329 cases of theft and 12 cases of dacoity were registered this year.In one of the shocking \"break-in\" cases ever, on June 12 this year, a group of robbers, with the help of one housemaid, not only robbed Yasmin Begum but also killed her in broad daylight. Their maid left the main door open while going to dry clothes on the terrace. The group entered the house and killed Begum and looted the house. Later, the maid and her associates were arrested.Altogether eight people were killed in theft cases and 21 others during dacoities in the state. \"There is no security for us and our assets in the city. The latest figures are truly a slap on city police's face. Do they have any answer to this? If they can't even stop thieves, than how will they secure the city?\" said Rupjyoti Barman, who was robbed in the Downtown area recently.After Guwahati, Sonitpur district had 788 theft cases and 23 dacoities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17605963", "title": "HC directs IG (prisons) to apprise district judges of over-staying prisoners", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major relief to over-staying prisoners in various jails of the state, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the IG (prisons) to apprise the district judges of such over-staying prisoners and further directed the district judges to pass effective orders for release of these prisoners forthwith. The court has further directed the concerned district judges to submit a report in the court in respect of the action taken on the information furnished by IG (prisons). It posted the matter for hearing on January 29, 2013.A division bench comprising Justice Abdul Mateen and Justice DK Upadhyay also directed the district judges to ensure compliance of the high court circular, which mandates that the convict shall be sent to the jail through a proforma especially provided with the circular and prepared in compliance with the provisions of the CrPC and general rules (criminal).Government advocate Rishad Murtaza had earlier pointed out that the aforesaid circular was not being followed and the prisoners were sent through a Robkar (a special paper chit) to the jail, on the basis of which the jail authorities permitted entry of prisoner to the jail. The order came on a habeas corpus petition, which was registered on the persuasion of the government advocate that a prisoner Shanker was lodged in Hardoi district jail, even after completing his sentence. Shanker has already been released on the direction of the court, but the court has chosen to proceed in the matter to enquire about other such prisoners, who are languishing in jails despite completing the sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17606334", "title": "GSPCB ends hearing on excess mining", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) on Thursday concluded the hearing on excess mining production and environment clearance validity.The board has also issued letters to all 48 mining companies to give their say in the Goa Foundation's letter, which informed the board that it has decided to withdraw from the matter.Speaking to TOI, GSPCB chairman Jose Manuel Noronha said, \"We have issued a copy of Goa Foundation's letter to all 48 mining companies to give their say on it before December 18, 2012\".He said that the board has completed the hearing on excess mining production and validity of environment clearance. Goa Foundation director Claude Alvares, in a letter to GSPCB, said the issue of production of iron ore beyond permissible quantities by mining lease holders is one of the eight major issues identified by CEC for investigation. Hence, the foundation has decided to withdraw from all mining petitions in the high court.Noronha said that once the companies give their say in the matter, the board will pass the judgment in the case.\"We have to file the order passed by the board in excess mining production and in violation of the environment clearance to the high court before January 4, 2013,\" said Noronha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17605965", "title": "Remove encroachers from Aishbagh: HC directs Lucknow Development Authority", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has directed the Lucknow Development Authority to remove encroachments from 80 plots in Ramnagar Yojna, Aishbagh and give the possession of the plots to the lawful allottees, who have been waiting for years due to illegal encroachments by the alleged Bangladeshi slum dwellers.The court has suggested the LDA to rehabilitate the slum dwellers at an alternate place with the assistance of the state government. \"Already lawful allottees have waited for long years, and hence the authorities must remove the encroachers effectively through the help of district administration and local police or else, they may arrange for alternative land with the help of state government, so that encroachment is removed in a more peaceful manner by rehabilitating the encroachers, if they are slum dwellers,\" said a division bench of acting Chief Justice Shiv Kirti Singh and Justice Devendra Kumar Arora.\"The LDA shall take all the required steps to put the petitioners and other lawful allottees of the said colony in actual possession over the allotted plots within four months,\" added the bench. It also directed the state authorities including the police to render all necessary help to the LDA.The order came while deciding a writ petition filed by allottees Sachin Kumar Jaiswal and a few other persons who had pleaded that the LDA had allotted these plots to them and the authority had even executed the sale deeds in favour of most of the allottees, yet it failed to give them the possession of the plots even after years. The petitioners' counsel had pleaded that the area had been occupied illegally and most of the encroachers are Bangladeshi migrants.The court found that the LDA had been passing orders for removal of encroachments from the land, but apparently no fruitful result had materialised and unauthorised occupants are still enjoying possessions at the cost of lawful allottees and purchasers like the petitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17607707", "title": "Cops arrest 6, dilute murder bid charges", "text": "MOHALI: Three days after Punjabi singer Babbu Chandigarhia alias Subhash Sharma was thrashed, the district police on Thursday arrested six youths while claiming none of them had any political background and the assaulters were smalltime property dealers.The arrested were identified as Amanpreet Singh, Amik Singh, Sandeep, Gurmeet Singh, Gurpreet Singh and Amrit Pal Singh.Interestingly, police have diluted the charges of attempt to murder in the FIR against six youths and converted these into causing hurt by dangerous weapons.Sources said charges of attempt to murder were diluted after obtaining medical record of the injured singer from civil hospital, Phase-VI, Mohali, which revealed the category of injuries were fit enough to slap murder bid charges.SP (city) Swarandeep Singh said initially charges of attempt to murder were slapped following the statement of the injured singer but medical record does not support it.He said prima facie, assailants were drunk when they attacked Sharma.The assailants were identified when Sharma was shown the videorecording of a marriage function, which was also attended by the victim in PCA stadium, on December 10. A senior Akali leader was present too at the ceremony.When contacted, Sharma said, \"I identified the assailants according to their faces in the video recording of marriage. They all were strangers for me.\"The accused would be produced in the district court, Mohali, on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17607247", "title": "Zoo preps up for ghariyals\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 mating", "text": "KANPUR: The Kanpur zoo administration has restructured the enclosure of ghariyals to facilitate breeding among them.The zoo pond is at present home to three ghariyals, which include a pair brought from Lucknow zoo nearly two months ago. The zoo administration had earlier made a partition in the pond and separated the ghariyal pair from the lone female ghariyal to avoid clashes which occur among the reptiles for gaining supremacy.The ghariyals were able to see each other from across the partition but could never meet. With the passage of time, the large aquatic animals became familiar with each other. After this, the zoo authorities removed the partition and allowed the ghariyals to meet and mate. The zoo authorities are now busy giving conducive environment to the male and female ghariyals to breed.Talking to TOI, zoo veterinarian Dr RK Singh said, \"We had separated the ghariyal pair and a female ghariyal by placing a partition net in the pond. This was done to avoid any clashes from taking place between the ghariyals. Now we have removed the nets as the ghariyal pair and the female ghariyal have developed acquaintance. We now look forward to ghariyals breeding in the pond.\"Singh said a fresh layer of sand has been laid around the pond, keeping in mind that the ghariyals like to bask in the sun during winter and the females need a place to lay eggs. He said efforts are being made to give a conducive environment to the ghariyals to breed.\"After laying eggs, the females bury and hide them in the sand. This fresh layer of sand will give female ghariyals a replica of their natural environment. Now it remains to be seen which female ghariyal the male will mate with,\" added Singh.The zoo veterinarian further said the breeding period of ghariyals begins from February and the zoo authorities are hopeful that the ghariyals will breed this time and produce offsprings. When asked about the feed of ghariyals, Dr RK Singh informed that each ghariyal is being given one kg of fish in feed twice a week. But as it is winter season when the ghariyals hibernate, they consume less feed.It is important to highlight that ghariyals are an endangered species and come under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17607490", "title": "Dharwad to host 3-day literary fest", "text": "DHARWAD: Book lovers in Dharwad will be treated to a variety of literary activities in the third week of January. 'Dharwad Sahitya Sambhrama', the three-day literary festival, will provide them an opportunity to see and interact with leading literary personalities from across the country.The programme, to be held at the Golden Jubilee Hall on Karnatak University campus from January 25 to 27, aims at creating a revolution in Kannada literature, said critic Giraddi Govidaraj.A committee has been formed to organize the event. There will be reading sessions, interaction with writers, discussion, debate and question-answer sessions on various aspects of Kannada literature and contemporary issues, Giraddi said. Over 100 writers will participate. The activities at the festival include reading of 'Halegannada', poem recitation, discussion on 'corporate world and Kannada literature', 'Kannada in internet', helping the young writers to contribute good literature in Kannada and storytelling among others.Writers U R Ananthmurthy, Girish Karnad , Chandrashekar Kambar, G S Amur, Channaveer Kanavi, C N Ramchandran, T S Nagabharana, Nagathihalli Chandrashekar, H S Venkateshmurthy, Girish Kasarvalli, M M Kalburgi, Jayanth Kaikini, Kum Veerbhadrappa, Vaidehi, Pratibha Nandakumar, K Satyanarayana and others will attend.Giraddi said the approximate expenditure for the festival will be Rs 31 lakh and those willing to sponsor the event can contact Manohar Grantha Mala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17606639", "title": "Officers\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 case: CS presence exempted", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A division bench of the Allahabad high court on Thursday modified an order passed in a contempt case by a single judge on December 7 and dispensed with the personal appearance of UP chief secretary and principal secretary in the Noida officers' case.The single judge had on December 7 directed for personal presence of UP chief secretary Javed Usmani and principal secretary, industrial development, as they had failed to comply with an order passed on November 8 by a division bench of the high court for immediate removal of two senior IAS officers, Rakesh Bahadur and Sanjeev Saran, from their respective posts as chairman and CEO at Noida.The bench of Justice LK Mahapatra and Justice Sunita Agrawal passed this order on a special appeal filed by the state government against the summoning order of the CS and principal secretary in a contempt case.While dispensing with the personal presence of the CS and others by modifying the single judge order, the division bench directed them to file personal affidavit in the contempt court on or before December 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17606392", "title": "Patratu snag hits Ramgarh water supply", "text": "RAMGARH: A technical snag in the electrical transformer of Patratu Thermal Power Station (PTPS) of Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) has affected water supply in residential colonies of Barka-Sayal area of Central Coalfields Limited (CCL).The crisis, which began last week, is likely to continue for another few days as the transfomer replacement could take some time.Sumit Ghosh, CCL's chief general manager of Barka-Sayal area, said the transformer was burnt last week and this has affected water supply to residential colonies as the CCL's water supply project in Patratu dam did not get required electricity. \"CCL's water pumps in Patratu dam get power for a limited period at night and it has become difficult for us to fulfil drinking water requirement,\" Ghosh said. He added that the water crisis might continue until the transformer is replaced.PTPS general manager Sudhanshu Kumar admitted that water pumps did not get the required power for the last one week. \"We expect that the new transformer for Patratu dam will arrive soon.'' Irked residents of the area took out a protect march to Saunda colliery office and threatened to paralyze coal production unless water supply to colonies was restored soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "purnia", "code": "17606997", "title": "Clouds add to winter chill in Purnia", "text": "PURNIA: The winter is back with a vengeance with winter chill beginning to pierce into the bones. The region remains invariably wrapped under thick blanket of fog and cloudy sky, which only adds to the winter pinch.\"The chilly winter has rather set in earlier this year making life very difficult, particularly for the poor people,\" says Awdhesh Yadav at Kishanganj. The markets become deserted once the dusk descends forcing shopkeepers reluctantly to pull the shutters. \"It is only the sellers of woolen garments, blankets and such articles who are raking in the moolah,\" feels Ramesh Singh at Purnia.The fog during the night hours is so intense and blinding that truckers and bus drivers have to be extra cautious on the highways. \"We drive the passenger buses with great caution and it needs special skill at the wheels when we literally pierce through fog,\" says bus driver Ramashish Singh, with the experience of over thirty years at the wheels.With mercury dipping, schoolchildren though wrapped in warm clothes, appear to love the winter's splash. However, their parents are always wary and cautious. \"We do not want them to loiter around and play outside, and fear that they might catch cold,\" tells a mother Neelam Prasad at Kishanganj.\"It is always painful to sleep on the ground but this has been our fate,\" cringes Malti, a domestic help who works in many houses to earn two square meals a day. \"Cleansing utensils and scrubbing the floors is a painful job in the shivering cold,\" she adds.After hiding behind the clouds for the fourth consecutive day, the Sun only blinked out fleetingly temporarily on Thursday. \"The winter is truly painful for the old and infirm,\" feels septuagenarian Sefali Das in Katihar.The rich and affluent could bask in the warmth of room heaters and love to bathe with warm water from the geyser but many are not that lucky. \"The prices of geysers and room heaters are not affordable for many like us,\" tells an electrician Madan Lal who, ironically ,works as fitter at Kishanganj. The primitive bonfire is still the best company, says a bus cleaner Javed at Purnia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17606148", "title": "Soon, walk through CST\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s heritage portals", "text": "MUMBAI: Always wanted to know what lies behind the gates of the majestic Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST)? Your answers will be answered soon, as Central Railway (CR) plans to let the public explore the hidden treasures of the 125-year-old building.Scores of visitors are left awestruck by the magnificence of the CST building every day. However, as they are not allowed to enter some portions of the heritage precincts, all that they can do is click photographs of the exteriors. Little wonder, then, that CST\u00e2\u20ac\u201dor Victoria Terminus as it was earlier known\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis the most photographed monument in the city.So, why this change of heart now? \"We want the common man to appreciate the beauty of the CST building, which has a high central dome, ornamental arches, crafted marble columns, a grant cantilevered staircase and much more,\" a senior CR official said.The modalities of the plan, including the timings and entry fee, are yet to be worked out. Besides, the authorities also need to decide on the date of implementation. \"Some finer points, including the entry fee, timings and number of visitors, are being given the final touches. The plan and its highlights are likely to be formally announced at a function next week,\" the official said.The official said they might allow visitors to enter the building during a particular period every day. The money earned from the entry fee will be used for the conservation and upkeep of the building, which got the tag of Unesco World Heritage Site in 2004.\"We also plan to sell souvenirs to visitors in the form of T-shirts and mugs, embossed with pictures of the iconic building, as well as photo frames,\" the official said. \"Tourists will also be shown a documentary film on the history of the terminus.\"CR has decided to rope in students of JJ School of Art and train them as guides. \"They have the required expertise to explain the finer points and grandeur of the building to visitors,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "17606382", "title": "'Dead doc's cash stash' found in Ramgarh", "text": "RAMGARH: Bundles of currency notes were found from the house of a deceased doctor near NH-33 in the Ramgarh suburban area on Thursday a week after the district administration carried out a demolition drive to clear the land acquired for four-laning the highways. Even after repeated warning from the district administration, the deceased doctors' family refused to vacate the place prompting the administration to demolish to house . During the drive, officials found bundles on currency notes of Rs 100 denomination buried underground. The notes were later handed over to local police station in a sack.Ramgarh OC Dillu Lohra confirmed the recovery of the currency notes. \"The police has still not counted the money and it will be too early to say the exact amount found during the drive,\" Lohra said, adding that some notes were soiled and appeared to have been buried several years ago.As soon as the news of recovery of currency notes spread , huge crowds rushed to the site at Tyre More of the town. Sources said the Ramgah-based physician Dr. Lalita Prasad died a few years ago and the bundle of currency notes were hidden by the deceased doctor as family members were reportedly unaware of any hidden treasure in the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17607790", "title": "Muda blames ads for delay in road works", "text": "MYSORE: The delay in the completion of Outer Ring Road (ORR) has brought Mysore Urban Development Authority (Muda) under public scrutiny.Sometime ago, former MLC D Made Gowda had staged a protest, with Congress MLC Mottamma (who was using the road then) supporting him. Bogadi villagers had also staged a road roko at Bogadi Road junction, protesting the alleged delay in completing the works.The upgradation to six-lane road at a cost of Rs 347 crore has been delayed. The division of the project into four packages to expedite the work has not served its purpose. Following public protests, Muda has now blamed transporters, property owners, and advertisers for the delay. Officials are claiming that illegal hoardings in the central median are causing hurdles in the works.Muda commissioner C G Betsurmath has issued a warning to all wrongdoers, saying that they will not tolerate any violations all along the ring road stretch.The hurdles in the works are: many structures alongside the belt have been built violating the rules; service roads are being used for parking heavy vehicles; construction debris is being dumped off the ring road; and petty shops and illegal advertizing hoardings have come up all along the stretch.The commissioner claimed that such activities are posing hindrance to vehicular/ pedestrian movement and are also causing accidents. \"We have asked those concerned to remove encroachments and stop illegal activities and facilitate the urban body to develop the stretch. If they don't adhere to the directive, we will be forced to initiate legal action under Karnataka Town and Country Planning Act (1961) against them,\" the commissioner warned.Betsurmath claimed that apart from causing nuisance to road users, such illegal activities are affecting the ring road works. \"I have written to the authorities concerned to take measures to prevent illegal activities,\" he stated.The project to upgrade the road into six lanes and to create service roads under JnNURM scheme is underway. The total width of ring road is 45 metres. An additional 9-metre space has been reserved for service roads on both the sides, but they are yet to be asphalted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17607601", "title": "13 more private universities to come up", "text": "BELGAUM: Karnataka will soon have 13 more private universities to promote higher education.The Assembly on Thursday gave its nod to establish - Sharana Basava University (Gulbarga); Adichunchanagiri University (Mandya); Manipal University (Manipal); Arka University (Bangalore); Dayananda Sagar University (Bangalore); Vellore Institute of Technology (Bangalore); MS Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences (Bangalore); Devaraj Urs University (Kolar); Roy Technical University; PES University; Spiritual University; Reva University (Bangalore); and KLE Technological University (Belgaum).All these bills were being passed in the absence of opposition members and a proper debate. This will take the total number of private universities in the state to 15. The existing ones are Alliance University and Azim Premji University. Presently, the gross enrolment ratio (GER) in the higher education sector in the state is 11.5% while the national average is 12%.``The establishment of private universities by well-known institutions will certainly help in spreading quality education to the needy students. This also accelerates the enhancement of GER in the higher education sector. Our objective is to have 30% GER by 2020,'' said higher education minister CT Ravi. The state will have more seats and will fix the fee. In the new universities, the state's share of seats is 40% as against the earlier 25%.As far as the research students are concerned, the private universities will have the complete share.The fee of the university seats reserved for Karnataka students will be regulated by the Fee Regulation Committee constituted by the government. The minister said that earlier the private universities used to fix the fee for the state's share of seats. In future, the government will have the powers to form a committee and fix the fee.If situated in Bangalore city, the universities should have 25 acres land, and 40 acres if the location is on the outskirts. The punishment for violation of the private university act attracts a penalty of Rs 50,000 to Rs 10 lakh fine or imprisonment of six months to two years or both.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17605277", "title": "Cops speaking to Jacintha's pals, looking at emails", "text": "LONDON: Police are examining the notes, interviewing nurse Jacintha Saldanha's friends, family and colleagues, and looking at emails and phone calls to establish what led to her death. Detectives will contact police in the Australian state of New South Wales to collect \"relevant evidence\", chief inspector James Harman told Westminster Coroner's Court on Thursday.Coroner Fiona Wilcox opened and adjourned Jacintha's inquest until March 26. Wilcox expressed \"my sympathies to her family and everybody who has been touched by this tragic death.\"Jacintha answered the phone last week when two DJs called to seek information about the former Kate Middleton , who was being treated for severe morning sickness. They impersonated Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles, and Jacintha was tricked into transferring the call to a nurse caring for the duchess. The latter revealed private details about her condition.The DJs, Mel Greig and Michael Christian, apologized for the prank in emotional interviews on Australian television, saying they never expected their call would be put through. The show was taken off the air and the DJs have been suspended indefinitely.The Australian Communications and Media Authority, the media watchdog, on Thursday said it's launching an investigation into whether the radio station 2Day FM breached its broadcasting licence conditions and the industry code of practice. It will examine whether the network breached standards of decency, invaded privacy or broke rules of consent.Meanwhile, 'The Age' newspaper quoted a 2Day FM spokeswoman as saying an internal investigation found that \"all procedures and protocols were adhered to\". No details of the inquiry were released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607032", "title": "Girl goes missing from MY hospital", "text": "INDORE: A month after a girl went missing from MY Hospital, the police finally have registered a case and started the search operation. The girl Anjali Singh, 5, had gone missing from MY Hospital when father Ranjeet Singh came there with her for treatment. They are the residents of Dayal Chowk, Dewas.Ranjeet had gone to MY Hospital on November 2 for the purpose of his treatment. When his turn came, he left his daughter outside and asked a woman sitting there to take care of her. After meeting the doctor, when Ranjeet returned, he found his daughter missing from the place. He searched the entire premises of MY Hospital and nearby areas, but in vain.He then approached Sanyogitaganj police but they did not lodge a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606664", "title": "Nod only to raze building, not to build: Corporation on actors\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 land", "text": "CHENNai: Even as the Nadigar Sangam (actors' association) informed the Madras high court on Thursday that no construction was being made at its Rs 150-crore property in T Nagar, the Chennai Corporation said it only gave its permission to demolish the existing structure and not to build a new one.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam, however, asked the association counsel to file an affidavit with regard to this. Earlier, S Prabakaran, counsel for a resident of Habibullah Road where the property is located, submitted that the issue needed to be argued elaborately as it involved a controversial proposal to develop a multiplex and multi-storeyed shopping mall in a prime residential area.The Chennai Corporation filed a counter-affidavit stating that though it had sanctioned the demolition of an existing structure belonging to the actors' body on the Habibullah Road, it had not approved any building plan for the proposed construction. Citing the delegation of powers, the corporation submitted that the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority ( CMDA) alone had the authority to grant permission for special buildings and multi-storeyed buildings.The controversy revolves around an 18-ground property belonging to the Nadigar Sangam. A charitable trust of the association had sought to lease out the property to SPI Cinemas to develop a multiplex at the site. Alleging irregularities in the deal, a civil suit has been filed in the Madras high court. The proposal includes building eight cinema theatres, indoor games and a shopping mall, spread across eight floors. Three of the floors would be earmarked for vehicle parking.The petition was filed by R Sukumaran, a resident of Habibullah Road, saying construction of a multiplex in the prime residential area, which has educational institutions and narrow roads, would cause inconvenience the residents.Besides seeking to restrain the civic authorities from granting any approval or building permission for the proposed project, the petitioner wanted the court to quash the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17607300", "title": "Film festival brings them together every year", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Govind Shivan and Ashok Mohan have been taking a week off from their regular schedule for the last 10 years in December to attend the International Film Festival of Kerala being held in their hometown. For them, it's not all about watching films, IFFK lures them home to be with their friends, sharing their festival experience.\"I would prefer to call IFFK as one of the largest social gathering devoted exclusively for movies. This is the ideal place for anyone to explore how much films matter to people,\" says Govind, who works as a designer in Bangalore. Echoing his friend's words, Ashok, a content writer in Delhi said, \"At an IFFK venue one always stumbles upon people who have dedicated their lives to films\".Taniya K Leela and Anupriya T, who were classmates in St Aloysius College, Mangalore keep their dates reserved in December to watch films together at IFFK. \"Whatever happens, we make sure that no other engagement comes our way during the second week of December. We enjoy watching films together. The tea shops, theaters and people here have become a part of us since 2009,\" says Taniya.For Sreerag C, an aspiring scriptwriter, IFFK is an annual meeting place for him and many of his festival friends. \"We live under one roof on IFFK days. Every night, after the day's screenings, we spend a few hours discussing cinema,\" said Sreerag. He travels all his way from Kannur every year and camps at his colleague's house in the city to attend IFFK.\"Many come to my house. We do not ask each other their whereabouts much. All we know is that we all have a common love -- films. I have no doubt that the invaluable conversations on films have resulted in many lifelong friendships,\" said Pramod Gopakumar from Vazhuthakaud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "17605107", "title": "Duped investors hope to get their money back", "text": "BALASORE: The Orissa High Court's directive for a CBI probe into the multi-crore chit fund scam has raised hopes among the investors in northern Odisha about getting their money back.While the scam was unearthed in Balasore in July 2009 and All India Networkers' Welfare Trust moved the high court in March on behalf of investors from Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh. The petitioner's counsel, Sukanta Dalai, said, \"The high court would take a decision on money refund after CBI submits the status report in three months.\" The investors here, however, are hopeful of a favourable judgment.Prasanna Sethi (32) of Balasore's Pandarungi village said he had lost all hopes of getting back the money. The CBI probe order has come as a light at the end of the tunnel. \"I wish the central investigating agency completes its probe soon and the court delivers its judgment in our favour,\" he said.Sethi, a vegetable trader, had deposited Rs 10,000 with Fine Indisales Pvt Limited. \"The agent had promised a return of Rs 1000 per month till the 10th of the month and the total deposited money at the end of the year,\" he said.Not only one-time investors, but also recurring depositors were duped. Ananta Sethi (60) of Shreerampur panchayat had deposited Rs 5000 within a period of five years in a chit fund company. \"Headmaster of a local school, who was its agent, promised me two times the investment in five years. Later, he excused himself saying that the company vanished overnight,\" he said. With no agricultural land, Ananta is now finding it difficult to make ends meet. He wants the court to set precedent by awarding stringent punishment to the promoters of such companies.The 'broad daylight loot' by chit fund organisations and Multi Level Marketing (MLM) companies came to fore when the Crime Branch (CB) unearthed a scam of Rs 200 crore involving seven MLMs. The CB had frozen bank accounts with about Rs 191 crore deposits. Six cases were also registered against the MLMs.Sources in CB said the MLMs had roughly done a business of over Rs 500 crore in the last seven years, in the district alone. Promising to double the investment within 2 to 3 years, the companies collected money from over 2.5 lakh unsuspecting investors. The CB had arrested five persons, including promoter of Fine Indisales Naseer Khan, a producer-cum-actor, along with one of his associates, director of Trident Advertising Namdev Navle and CMD Rajendra V Sindhe. They were soon released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17605004", "title": "BJP asked to vacate office premises in Sambalpur", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The district administration has asked BJP to vacate its office premises in the town within a month.Sources said the saffron party had illegally occupied the building. \"After the order from tehsildar, it is clear BJP had violated the law. It has to vacate the building,\" additional government pleader (AGP) Prafulla Mahapatra said on Thursday.The land on Kachery Road had been leased out to Jogendra Nath Sen before 1947. But neither he nor his legal heirs could renew the lease after independence. A few years ago, one of his legal heirs, Piali Chakrabarty, applied for renewal and took steps to mutate the same her favour. But BJP workers illegally occupied the land and renovated the dilapidated house to run the party office.The BJP also filed a petition before the RDC to cancel the lease given to the Sen family. \"The RDC has not only rejected renewal of lease application but also directed the district administration to vacate the land for utilizing the land for the public purposes,\" the additional government pleader said.On the other hand, BJP district president Nauri Nayak reacted sharply to the decision. \"We feel the tehsildar has taken the decision hastily without considering the ground reality. So we have decided to appeal in the court of the sub-divisional magistrate against the decision,\" Nauri Nayak said on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17607025", "title": "Legal notice served to Oriental University", "text": "INDORE: A day after the chancellor of private Oriental University K.L Thakral accused one of the leaders of National Students' Union of India (NSUI) of trying to extort Rs 25 lakh from him to settle the raging protest over running unapproved courses in the varsity; the outfit served a legal notice to the varsity authorities for maligning image and has demanded a written apology or face music in court.Defence advocate Kailash R Dilliwal on behalf of Siddhartha Yadav, city president of NSUI has served a legal notice to Thakral for raising baseless and false allegations against his client and has threatened to file a defamation suit of Rs 1 crore in court if a written apology is not made in a week's time.The notice stated that the allegations have let down is social reputation, which is not acceptable. \"We are informing you for the last time to explain in seven days why such allegations were levelled and also apologize for the same or else a case will be filed under section 500 in the court for which you will be responsible,\" said the letter.On Wednesday, the administration of the varsity had called up a press conference where Thakral briefed the media as to how NSUI state president Vipin Wankhede and district president Siddhartha Yadav were trying to extort money from him for settling the protest. \"Vipin had sent Siddharth to me with a demand of Rs 25 lakh for shelving the protest against the university,\" said varsity chancellor K L Thakral at the press meet.The NSUI is leading the ongoing protest by the university students over the issue of recognition. Thakral, however, failed to supplement his claim with evidence. \"I don't have any proof for the charges but it's true that the demand of money was made by NSUI leaders,\" he said.The notice from the students outfit also states that they had intervened after the students of the varsity studying three years diploma courses in engineering had come out on roads allegedly for running AICTE unapproved courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605143", "title": "Indians now live longer, but in poor health in old age: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: First the good news: Indians are living much longer than they did 40 years ago.The life expectancy (LE) at birth of an average Indian male has gone up by 15 years between 1970 and 2010, while that of an Indian woman by 18 years.An average Indian man can expect to live for as long as 63 years, while an Indian woman can live 4.5 years longer than her male counterpart.However, the number of years they stay healthy is much lesser.An Indian male can claim to be in good health till he reaches the age of 54.6 years, and is expected to spend the last nine years of his life suffering from various ailments.On the other hand, when it comes to an average Indian woman, though she is expected to live till 67.5 years, she will remain healthy till 57.1 years - spending over a decade, or 10.4 years in poor health.The Global Burden of Disease Study, 2010 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the largest ever study to describe the global distribution and causes of a wide array of major diseases, injuries and health risk factors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has found that even though there is reason to cheer over an Indian's increasing lifespan, it is still much shorter than an average Chinese or an American.An average Chinese male is living 10 years longer than an Indian male, while a Chinese woman is living 11.5 years longer than her Indian counterpart. An average American lives nearly 13 years longer than an Indian.Published in the most prestigious British medical journal, The Lancet, the study was conducted over five years by 486 authors from over 300 institutes in 50 countries, including India.A common practice in Indian households - mainly in rural settings of burning wood, coal and animal dung as fuel in chulhas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has proved to be the greatest enemy for Indians.While globally, high blood pressure was the single biggest causative agent of disease, it was indoor air pollution (IAP) for Indians.The WHO had earlier said that burning solid fuels to prepare their meals emit carbon monoxide, benzene and formaldehyde which can result in pneumonia, asthma , blindness , lung cancer , tuberculosis and low birth weight.WHO estimates that pollution levels in rural Indian kitchens are 30 times higher than recommended levels and six times higher than air pollution levels found in the national Capital.The other threats to normal Indians include diet low in fruits, high blood glucose levels, alcohol use, iron deficiency, sub optimal breast feeding, low physical activity and occupational injuries.Tobacco smoking , including second-hand smoke, caused nearly 6.3 million deaths across the globe. With India being one of the world's major tobacco users, most of these deaths may have happened here.Lower back pain \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a common phenomenon among Indians \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has been found to be the leading cause of years lived with disability (YLD) globally. Pain in the neck along with depressive disorders and iron deficiency anemia made up the top four leading causes of YLD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607413", "title": "Kin prepare for Jacintha's funeral", "text": "MANGALORE: The families of Benedict Barboza and Jacintha Saldanha are preparing for the funeral, expecting the body to arrive in Mangalore on Sunday. Naveen Saldanha, Jacintha's youngest brother, said: \"The burial site will be at Shirva. We don't know when the body will arrive as it has not been handed over to Ben yet. The authorities may do so on Friday. The body will be taken directly to Shirva in Udupi district from Bajpe airport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17605892", "title": "PCB all set to lift ban on 11 bulk drug makers", "text": "HYDERABAD: Despite stiff opposition from environmentalists, 11 major bulk drug manufacturing units in the city are likely to be 'freed' from the 15-year-old ban on expansion in the Patancheru-Bollaram industrial belt. And it's all thanks to the chairman of the state Pollution Control Board (PCB), Janaki Kondapi, says officials from within the department who do not wish to be named.The PCB chief known for being 'industry-friendly' is pushing to drop the ban even as other senior officials of the board, including member secretary M Ravi Chandra, is said to be in disagreement with their boss, highly-placed sources said.In fact, sources said that Kondapi is currently faced with severe criticism for recommending lifting of the ban, which they believe will spell doom for the already polluted pocket of the city. \"Even in the past, she (Kondapi) has issued similar objectionable orders and sanctioned industries in mangrove-thick zones. Even then, she had met with serious opposition from not just environmentalists but also government officials,\" said a source. While Kondapi's pursuance may come as a huge relief for pharma biggies, who are looking at expansion of their plants, but it would spell disaster for ecology and environment in the state, activists told TOI.The Patancheru-Bollaram zone has been previously declared as one of the 24 \"most critically polluted areas\" of India by the Central Pollution Control Board. It is for this reason that the Supreme Court too, in 1998, seconded the ban that has been in place ever since. \"But the current board of the PCB is unfortunately very industry-friendly. They do not want to upset the big firms who have been pestering the board to lift the ban for quite some time now,\" said the source.The latest PCB board meeting was held on December 4. It was during this meet that the lifting of the ban was discussed and a letter subsequently forwarded to the state government. A technical report drawn up by a group of senior scientists giving a clean chit to the industries, has also been attached with the letter, sources added.At present, the matter is awaiting clearance from legal experts working for the state government. \"Even if the ban is lifted, it will only hold good for a few drug manufacturing units. Those promising zero liquid discharge and with international affiliations alone will be exempted from the ban,\" said a senior officer of the state government, clearly indicating that the move is being made to benefit major players. \"Smaller units with no facility to treat its effluents or new units coming up in the area will not be excused,\" he said.Such disparities clearly fail to amuse either environmentalists or those concerned about the 'health' of the choking industrial belt. \"It is the major units that are in fact killing the environment. The zero liquid discharge is nothing but a farce. Many of them have been caught red-handed in the past too. Even then if the government favours them, it's shameful,\" a PCB insider said.It was only four months ago that 12 units belonging to Aurobindo Pharma Ltd , Hetero Drugs Ltd, Krishna Pharmaceuticals Ltd, among others were slapped with closure notices for violating PCB's environmental norms. The PCB chief was not available for a comment and several attempts to reach her failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17605464", "title": "4th Test: Uneasy grind for England in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: England's batsmen were left to tough it out on a low, slow Nagpur wicket with traces of uneven bounce on Day One of the fourth Test, as a new-look Indian attack - which included as many as four spinners - kept things tight and forced errors from the batsmen.Scorecard | Match in PicsOn a day in which run-making proved difficult, England managed to crawl to 199 for 5, with Matt Prior (batting on 34) and debutant Joe Root (batting on 31) putting on 60 runs in an unfinished stand to steady things towards the end.With Cook falling early, Kevin Pietersen showed good application in conditions unsuitable for his style of strokeplay to get to 73 and give the England total respectability.On their part, India, desperate for a win here to square the series and salvage some pride, finally showed the urgency that had been lacking in their approach.Ishant Sharma, questionably the lone pacer in the squad, got the openers early - with Alastair Cook unlucky in being given out LBW by Dharmasena - and troubled the batsmen as the four spinners in Pragyan Ojha, comeback man Piyush Chawla, debutant Ravindra Jadeja (who bowled accurately for 2/34 in 25 overs) and Ashwin did their bit to restrict England.Ashwin, though, looked the least impressive of the lot.The morning session, just like the rest of the day, was all about England battling to survive and Ishant exploiting the vagaries of the pitch. The lanky bowler, for a change, bowled straight and trusted the surface to add menace to his deliveries.Not surprisingly, the unpredictable bounce played a big role in the first dismissal of the day.Nick Compton must have made up his mind to play at anything straight irrespective of the length after watching an Ishant delivery die down on its way to the keeper. But the next one got big on him and he promptly edged it to Dhoni with just three runs on the scoreboard.Ishant struck again, this time getting assistance not from the pitch but from umpire Dharmasena. Team India must have heaved a collective sigh of relief as the umpire raised his finger to signal the end of a struggling Cook.Without Cook, both the new batsmen - Jonathan Trott and Pietersen - had a hard time as they tried to consolidate. To their credit, the duo pulled England out of the hole after they had been reduced to 16/2, with Pietersen altering his approach and playing an uncharacteristically sedate knock. Had it not been for him, England would have been in deep trouble.Pietersen successfully curbed his instincts, adding 86 runs with Trott on a pitch described by the former as one of the most difficult he has faced in his career.With strokeplay not easy, India decided to make life more difficult by drying up the runs. The waiting game employed by Dhoni panned out perfectly. The next three dismissals resulted more from the batsmen's frustrations rather than any genuine wicket-taking deliveries.Trott offered no shot to Jadeja and Ian Bell gifted his wicket away to Piyush Chawla, who is playing his first Test in four years. Pietersen gave the charge and hit the ball into midwicket's hands, giving Jadeja his second wicket.The nature of the pitch is sure to invite a lot of criticism, but if India's batsmen can show the same application which the likes of Pietersen did, an interesting contest will unfold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17605003", "title": "Saluja stages dharna on assembly premises", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Congress legislator Santosh Singh Saluja on Thursday launched a demonstration in front of the statue of Mahatma Gandhi on the assembly premises here protesting his suspension from the House.On Wednesday, Saluja was suspended from the state assembly for seven days for making an objectionable remark against Speaker Pradip Amat.Backed by party members and also BJP's Jayanarayan Mishra, Saluja refused to apologise for the remark, which led to his suspension. \"I have not said anything wrong. Why should I apologise?\" the Kantabanji MLA asked, alleging that the Speaker had been showing favouritism towards BJD members. Amat was elected from Boudh on a BJD ticket.Some Congress MLAs from western parts of the state, including Mishra, sat alongside Saluja near the Gandhi statue, with the suspended MLA saying he would not tolerate anyone trying to suppress his voice while raising issues concerning western Odisha. He said he would join the ongoing demonstration relating to the controversial Lower Suktel irrigation project in Bolangir district, which he represents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606569", "title": "Credit card fraudster gets bail", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court has granted bail to the accused involved in a credit card cheating case registered in Gurgaon.The accused, Rahil Arora, was granted bail after the high court ordered him to deposit a draft of Rs 2 lakh to the bank authorities. The Gurgaon police had registered the case against Arora and his friend, Akshita, for duping the bank through a credit card that was owned by a US national. The bank, American Express, had lodged a complaint against former employee Akshita Atri and Arora at the DLF II police station. The police registered the FIR under Sections 420, 467, 468, 471 IPC and under Sections 66 B and 66 D of the Information Technology Act.The police probe revealed that credit card of US national Eugenia Vankeuren was hacked by Akshita Attri, Akshay Mishra, Joginder Kumar and Rahil Arora. They allegedly duped the bank of Rs 10,85,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17607387", "title": "Chhota Shakeel's aides arrested", "text": "MANGALORE: The City Crime Branch (CCB) officials of Mangalore city police and District Crime Intelligence Bureau (DCIB) of DK district police in a joint operation foiled an attempt by henchmen of fugitive Chhota Shakeel to eliminate a prominent citizen in the city and nabbed six of them on Wednesday.Mangalore city police chief Manish Kharbikar refused to divulge the name of the citizen for security and other operational reasons.Ravi alias Bombay Rai, main accused in this case, and four of his associates set out to murder the citizen after robbing him. Ravi, who is also an accused in the murder of former BBMP corporator Chandrashekar at Lalbagh, was working on the instructions of another Chhota Shakeel aide Rashid Malabari, who is lodged at the district jail here. Ravi, said to be an associate of rowdy Parandama of Bangalore, had met Malabari at the jail here and taken instructions.The accused are Ravi, 25, of Hanumagiri Nagari, Girinagar in Bangalore; Sohail Ismail Sheik alias Bata, 23, of Kothawadi, Pune, currently residing at Bandadka, Moodbidri; Rama, 33, of 5th Cross, Srinivasnagar, Bangalore; Purushottham, 21, Itthamadagu, near Srinivas Kalyan Mantap, Bangalore; Vinodh, 23, Bidadi; and Devraj, 25, Jnanabharathi, near Mariyappana Palya, Janata Colony, Bangalore.Three of the accused are wanted in various cases registered in various police stations in Bangalore, while Sohail Ismail is wanted in a case registered in Ullal police station here. The accused, Manish said, have confessed to their plan to eliminate an important citizen in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17606744", "title": "Govt seeks Trai's opinion on cable monopolies", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has sought broadcast regulator Trai's views to prevent monopolistic operations by cable operators and multi-system operators, expressing concern that it might have serious implications in terms of competition, pricing and healthy growth of the cable TV sector in the market.In a statement, the information and broadcasting (I&B;) ministry said, \"It has been observed that cable TV distribution is virtually monopolized in some states as operation of the entire cable TV network is dominated by a single entity. At present, there are no restrictions on the issue of accumulation of interest in terms of market share in a city, district, state or country by individual MSOs and LCOs in the cable sector.\"MSOs and cable operators are free to operate in any area of their choice after obtaining registration from the ministry. \"It is felt that such monopolies may not be in the interest of consumers and may have serious implications in terms of competition, pricing and healthy growth of cable TV sector in that market,\" the ministry said.The ministry has requested Trai to provide its recommendations on whether \"in order to ensure fair competition, improved quality of service, and equity, should any restriction be imposed on MSOs/LCOs to prevent monopolies/accumulation of interest? If yes, what restrictions should be imposed and what should be the form, nature and scope of such restrictions?\" The regulator will also explore the necessity of amending the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Act, 1995.MSOs and cable operators are required to be registered with local post offices to be able to operate in the permitted areas of registration. However, as per recent amendments in the Cable Television Networks (Regulation) Amendment Rules 2012, it has become mandatory for MSOs to register with the I&B; ministry to operate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17605190", "title": "Artefacts, grants just vanish", "text": "In February this year, the AP state archaeology department undertook a mammoth 'treasure hunt' on the premises of a city school. Weeks of digging later, nothing came of the much-publicized excavation drive. Interestingly, it was initiated by the department following a petition by a bunch of individuals who claimed the earth beneath was swarming with ancient riches.With such a department appointed as the official custodian of Hyderabad's state museums, it isn't surprising that the four heritage structures are in a shambles.While the AP State Museum, complete with its open air cannon gallery, rare manuscripts and Islamic art blocks, is still a shade better, the State Archaeological Museum, Qutub Shahi Tombs Site Museum and Khazana Building Museum have little to attract tourists. And it's all thanks to a lack of interest among authorities to either preserve or promote the historical wealth of the state.In fact, sources claim that a chunk of yield gathered from excavation sites across AP, instead of being carried to the museums, are siphoned off for monetary gain. The absence of a regulated system makes tracking these 'goods' almost impossible. Be it ancient coins, mythological sculptures or ages-old artifacts, all meet a similar fate.Ask officials, and their standard excuse for such ill-management is a severe cash crunch. But records clearly suggest the museums recently received grants to the tune of Rs 7 crore for uplift of the dilapidated buildings. Where the money is, nobody really knows or even cares.\"It's appalling to step into any of these museums these days. They are chaotic and disorganized. The authorities seem to be doing nothing to reinstate their lost glory,\" said Sajjad Shahid, a heritage expert from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17606565", "title": "Missing winter? Wait for two more days", "text": "KOLKATA: The first week of December saw mercury dipping gradually. And when Kolkatans started yearning for more of the winter, the temperature started rising suddenly. The spoilsport being a high pressure belt over the Bay of Bengal. The temperature on Wednesday night rose to 17.6, three notches above the normal mark. Met office expects the mercury to hover around the 17\u00c2\u00b0 C-mark till Saturday.The temperature in the past week had hovered around the 14\u00c2\u00b0 C-mark, making it comfortable for the Kolkatans. In fact it had plunged to 13.9\u00c2\u00b0 C on the night of last Friday. But it started shooting up from the very next day. On Tuesday, it rose to 18.4\u00c2\u00b0 C, which was three points above the normal.Overall, weather in December 2012 has remained comfortable so far. The mercury remained below the normal mark constantly till Sunday. Last year, the minimum temperature during this time remained above the normal mark. In fact it shot up five degrees above the normal mark to stand at 26.3\u00c2\u00b0 C on December 12, last year. The corresponding figure this year is 17.6\u00c2\u00b0 C.\"Everything was normal till a high pressure area developed over the Bay of Bengal. The incursion of moisture has arrested the drop in the mercury,\" said an official at the Regional Meteorological Centre in Kolkata.As predicted by the Met office, a trough of low pressure in the upper air had triggered rainfall in last two days. Though the rain clouds have started moving away, the sky is expected to remain cloudy and foggy till the better part of Saturday.\"We are expecting the mercury to start dipping from Sunday night onwards. If the path of the northwesterly gets cleared by then, we can expect colder days ahead,\" said a weather officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17607848", "title": "Mohali centre to represent north India at CAAYE", "text": "MOHALI: Students of post-graduate diploma in international business at Taaleem College of International Studies (TCIS), Mohali will represent the north Indian region at the first flagship summit of the Commonwealth Asia Alliance of Young Entrepreneurs (CAAYE), set to convene on December 13 in Mumbai.Selected through a rigorous process, TCIS is one of the few teams that qualified for the summit. The CAAYE Young Entrepreneur Summit is an annual event where 200 young entrepreneurs from all the Commonwealth-Asia region countries (India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Maldives, Sri Lanka, Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei) will meet and jointly prepare a set of recommendations to improve the ecosystem of youth entrepreneurship.\"This will be a business investment for these young students who dream to be entrepreneurs. The students are very excited to be representing the country at the flagship gathering,\" said Jaiprakash Singh Hasrajani, Co-Founder and CEO - Taaleem India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17607954", "title": "Record of rights with landowners till payments cleared: collector", "text": "NASHIK: In a move to ensure that landowners whose land has been acquired for use of government agencies get their payment in time and get paid for the delays, the district administration has decided not to change the Record of Rights (ROR) in the favour of the government agencies till all payments are cleared.\"To ensure that the farmers - whose lands have been acquired by the district administration for the various purposes- get their entire payments in time, we have decided that the Record of Rights of their land will continue to be in favour of the land owner. The changes will not be made until all the dues are completely settled,\" district collector Vilas Patil said.The government agencies like civic bodies or the irrigation department or public works department require land that is then acquired through the district administration.After due process, the land owners get partial payment, while the other half is delayed. The landowners, then, approach the district administration.Since the matter is already escalated, there is little that the administration is able to do. This is followed by a representation to the officials, the ministers and followed by agitations and litigations.In some cases, land owners get the benefit of the increase in land prices, but final payment is still a dream for them as the agencies fail to honour the rulings.\"There are have been cases of non-payment of the entire amount to the land owners by the respective government agencies which has further resulted in litigations and the image of the district administration being tarnished for it has been the land acquisition agency,\"Patil said adding that the move of not transferring the land in the favour of the agencies would give land owners some respite, besides compelling the agencies to release payments.Besides, the collector has also asked the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC) to clear their dues at the earliest for the procedures of land acquisition that have to be carried out.\"The corporations have filed the proposals but have not paid the dues as required. They will be intimated and if the dues are not cleared, the proposals will be sent back.At the same time all the proposals that are incomplete will also be sent back to the respective agencies,\" Patil said.There are 192 proposals from NMC and 12 proposals from MMC for land acquisition pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605967", "title": "House panel questions viability of NCHER", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel has rapped the human resource development (HRD) ministry for inadequate consultation with states and expressed concern that an overarching regulatory body may not have the desired results and instead make its task \"very difficult and impractical\".Questioning the viability of the regulatory body National Commission for Higher Education and Research (NCHER) to be set up under the Higher Education and Research Bill, 2011, the parliamentary standing committee on HRD said that it would be impossible for the over-arching body to undertake the function of regulating all the specialized fields in a vast country like India.The panel suggested an over-arching commission which would work as a coordinator with the specialized bodies like UGC, AICTE and NCTE as a workable formula under the overall supervision of the Commission.The time and attention to be devoted to each aspect of higher education sector are too demanding and these cannot be handled by a single body, the panel said.\"The creation of an over-arching body is also not considered a wise move as it is against the principles of management,\" the panel, headed by Congress MP Oscar Fernandes, said in its report.Before bringing forth the legislation, it suggested that a study of the problems and areas of weaknesses in the existing regulatory bodies needs to be made.On the issue of inclusion of medical research under the body which had created a stir, the panel suggested bringing the academic aspect only under it and leaving the medical research under the National Commission for Human Resources in the Health Bill.The panel feels the HRD ministry could have a relook on the multiple functions of NCHER as given in the Bill so as to arrive at a more logical and practical one. It firmly believes that any haste in dismantling the functional structures with a complicated and huge single structure could prove to be counter-productive,\" it said.Drawing attention to the apprehension of the state governments with respect to their autonomy and jurisdiction over higher education, the panel underlined that \"any attempt to infringe upon the autonomy of the state governments would not be a wise move...\"The panel was of the view that the HRD ministry should have pursued the issue with the state governments to allay their apprehensions and arrive at a consensus on areas of concerns in the Bill.It also recommended a review of the legislative initiative to dissolve bodies like UGC, AICTE and NCTE and explore alternative and viable mechanism where the three statutory bodies function under the supervision and monitoring of NCHER.The panel also suggested continuing with UGC, AICTE and NCTE, and giving back the powers of the higher education financial services corporation to UGC. \"The committee reiterates that separate entity of the existing regulatory bodies has to be continued with the over-arching commission mainly performing the role of policy maker,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17611155", "title": "After Punjabi, it\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s a South Indian wedding for Vidya!", "text": "With Vidya Balan and Siddharth Roy Kapoor's hush hush wedding, fans are eager to know the latest happenings on the duo's wedding.Toi.com reports exclusively and brings to its readers from news on one of the most eagerly awaited celebrity weddings of 2012.After Vidya Balan's mehendi ceremony that took place yesterday (13th December 2012), where Vidya looked resplendent in a traditional saree, The latest news from our sources is that the wedding is taking place at an old bunglow in Mumbai's posh locality, Turner Road (Bandra) which has specially been rented for the marriage.When Siddharth entered the bunglow with his family in a bus, there was a Punjabi touch given to his entry with band baaja!The decors of the bunglow have been done in true Indian traditional side, keeping in mind Vidya's penchant for all things in India. Present at the wedding were the couple's relatives and two close friends- fashion designer and Vidya's favourite Sabyasachi and Ronnie Screwvala (CEO and Founder Chairman of UTV Group)Sources further inform that the Punjabi rituals are over and the South Indian wedding will follow soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17607030", "title": "Missing girls return, say went on pleasure trip", "text": "JAIPUR: The families of two missing girls were relieved when the girls returned home at their respective localities in Jalupura and Lal Kothi areas in the city on Thursday morning. The girls aging between 10 to 15 years after their return told the families and the police that they had gone to Ambala willingly for fun and asserted that were not been abducted.Deepika (14) and Shruti (10) are studying in Class 5 of the Akshar, an NGO run school at the premises of a private school situated at JLN Marg went missing since Tuesday afternoon. Parents of the girls lodged a missing complaint at the Bajaj Nagar police, however the girls could be not be traced till Wednesday evening.The families got the news late on Wednesday when the police traced the mobile phone location of the girls in Ambala. \"One of the girl had called up her family but the call got disconnected. However, our men who were into mobile tracking had traced that the call from the mobile phone of one of the girl was from Ambala. We were continuously monitoring the mobile location,\" said Suresh Kumar, Circle Inspector Bajaj Nagar police station.A team was already rushed to Ambala on Wednesday night. However, on Thursday morning the girls returned to their respective homes after a train journey.\"The girls are fine and they told us that they had planned this trip without informing the parents. They had nearly Rs 500 in their possession,\" Suresh added.Despite the fact that the girls took a step which was a bit 'unexpected' for the family, yet people of the area were elated after their safe return. However, the cops and local residents requested the parents not to reprimand the girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17607857", "title": "Flowers win hearts, prizes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The patience and hard work of many flower lovers paid up when the results of the 26th chrysanthemum show were declared on Thursday evening.Among the various categories, Varinder Sharma won the \"prince\" category whereas \"princess\" of the show was bagged by the Chandigarh Housing Board. While the CHB also won the \"king\" of the show award, the \"queen\" of the show went to Anu Mahajan of Smart Wonder School, Sector 71, Mohali.Chief administrator, HUDA, won the best flower of the show and best new variety awards. The prize distribution will be held on December 16.Panchkula resident Varinder Sharma said he has been bagging prizes in various categories at the flower show for more than 10 years.\"The MC spoiled my enthusiasm this time by allowing government offices to participate in the amateur category. This is why I chose not to participate in the circle category this time,\" he added.The competitions in \"princess\", \"king\" and \"queen\" categories used to be open for individuals alone for many years, but this time, the MC allowed government offices and private business operators to participate.Sandeep Singh, director of the Smart Wonder School, said they had not expected to win such a prestigious award in their maiden attempt.\"After working for over an year on flower varieties, we were finally able to blossom charming varieties like Spider, Spoon and Button to be displayed in the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610766", "title": "Santhanam to race with many rather than one", "text": "Santhanam's maiden production venture Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya (KLTA) Santhanam, Power Star Srinivasan, Sethu and Vishakha in the lead roles was supposed to hit the screens on 21st December taking on Bala's Paradesi starring Atharva, Dhanshika and Vedhika. Bu the latest buzz is that the release of KLTA has been pushed back to January.The are already a number of films slated for release in January for Pongal which includes the Kamal Hassan's magnum opus ' Viswaroopam '. Karthi's ' Alex Pandian ', Jayam Ravi's ' Aadhi Bhagavan ', Vishal's ' Madha Gaja Raja ' and Simbu's ' Vaalu ' are already in the race with 'Viswaroopam' and looks like 'Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya' is set to join the race.Interestingly Arya starrer ' Settai ' which was initially planned to release for Pongal on 13th January, but now has pulled out due to quite a few movies scheduled for the release Pongal.Produced by Santhanam under his his Handmade Films banner ' Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya ' promises to be a complete laugh riot. VTV Ganesh plays an important role in the film along with with Kovai Sarala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17605202", "title": "Indian Museum: In the throes of change", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Museum, the oldest in Asia-Pacific region, is caught in a time warp, clinging to ideas that have ceased to be relevant. The Centre, board of trustees, management, staff are aware of the shortcomings, but only a handful is willing to change the system.\"We have a rich collection but the presentation is outdated. Museums have to be fun and entertaining,\" said acting director Anup Matilal.A majority of the million-odd visitors every year are students and villagers. Informed visitors are mostly foreigners. \"Kolkatans visit the museum twice in their lives. Once, holding their father's hand and next, holding their child's hand,\" remarked Neeta Sengupta of the art section.Matilal and two new recruits - Sayan Bhattacharya and Basudev Dasgupta - are determined to push through a series of reforms. Bhattacharya, trained at the British Museum and Smithsonian Institution , took over as OSD, education, three months ago. Dasgupta, a former intelligence officer, took charge of the administration.\"We started with live exhibitions on heritage, living civilization and tradition. We displayed puppetry and held puppet shows in the courtyard. There was another on sports and leisure activities, with a workshop on making of kites. The activities were a major hit with visitors,\" said Bhattacharya.Some employees oppose this \"denigration\" of the sacred museum space, but Matilal is unfazed. He says physical verification of 1,10,000 objects is on, so is digitization. Fresh postgraduate students from history, archaeology, museology and art will be recruited and trained.The long-awaited renovation is on. \"Of 36 galleries, 16 to 18 will be renovated by February 2014 for the museum's bicentenary. The eight galleries on science will be done up by National Council of Science Museums while archaeology, anthropology, painting, pre-history galleries will be done by UK-based architects Chapman &amp; Tailor,\" said Matilal. The project will cost around Rs 60 crore.Said Bhattacharya: \"Instead of barring people from touching things, there should be replicas they can feel. Encourage children to draw and paint statues. Organize treasure hunts. Make the place welcoming for the physically challenged. Only then will the museum claim its place of pride.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17606463", "title": "3 held for conspiring kidnapping, murder", "text": "GURGAON: A day after Gurgaon police recovered the body of Vijay Sharma, a man and two women were arrested on Thursday for alleged criminal conspiracy.While the main accused, two former employees of the firm owned by the victim, are still at large, police have arrested their relatives. All three were sent in judicial custody by a city court on Thursday. They have been identified as Beenu, Shashi their brother Hariom, residents of Dharm Colony in Palam Vihar area.The body of Vijay Sharma, who was allegedly kidnapped from Gurgaon on Friday, was found in Roorkee in Uttaranchal late on Monday night.Sharma, a resident of Rajiv Nagar, had gone missing on his way to attend a wedding. Police had suspected oldenmity as the main motive behind the kidnap.The post-mortem report suggested that the victim was strangled and marks of head injury were also seen on the body.\"The kidnappers are prime suspects of the murder. It appears to us that the family members of the main accused were also involved in the criminal conspiracy. This is a case of revenge. We are conducting raids to nab the main accused,\" said an investigator.Ppolice have also recovered the victim's car from a roadside hotel in Saharanpur and are suspecting that it may be a case of extracting revenge.Earlier, the city police had filed a complaint of kidnap against two employees of the trailer chassis-making firm. Sharma, who hailed from Bihar , had gone missing under mysterious circumstances on Friday night, when he had gone to attend a wedding in Sector 22. His family has raised doubts on the employees, identified as Ashish and Rahul, both native of Nasirpur in Mainpuri, Uttar Pradesh. They also had gone missing following the incident. Pardeep Sharma, the victim's brother, had lodged a complaint in this %regard.Following the trail of the mobile phone details of the suspects, three police teams had travelled to various parts of Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "gulbarga/bangalore", "code": "17605140", "title": "CID probing teen's death on campus", "text": "GULBARGA/BANGALORE: The case of the mysterious death of Mohammed Bilal, a class X student of a Gulbarga school, is being investigated afresh by the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).The investigation comes in the wake of a petition from Bilal's father to the state government and top police brass that the local police were derailing the probe and failed to ascertain the cause of death.Bilal, 14, died under suspicious circumstances on the premises of Sri Guru Vidyapeeth School near Khanadal village, Gulbarga taluk, about 12 km from the district headquarters, on August 10.The school claimed that the boy suffered a fall during lunch hour. Shifted to a hospital, the boy died later. But the boy's father, Mohammed Mainuddhin, alleged that his son died of physical harassment and assault by the school authorities.Earlier, Gulbarga police had taken up investigation into the case and inspector Chandrashekhar was investigation officer.Mainuddhin told TOI that education department officials had conducted a preliminary investigation. He said the Block Education Officer (BEO) spoke to Bilal's 10 classmates who made contradictory and vague statements. \"In the enquiry it was found that every student spoken to by education department officials gave a different version. I cannot believe this,\" he said.After obtaining the education department's probe report through RTI, Mainuddhin wrote to the director-general of police seeking an impartial investigation into his son's death.Mainuddhin said his son was weak in two subjects, Kannada and Mathematics. The teachers handling both subjects used to beat his son, who complained to his parents about the same, he added.He suspected that on the day of his death, Bilal was allegedly assaulted by both the teachers.According to the post-mortem report, Bilal died of multi-organ failure. The father wondered how a healthy 14-year-old boy could die of multi-organ failure and said only a CID investigation might bring out the truth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17608089", "title": "Senior bank officials under EOW scanner", "text": "LUDHIANA: Senior officials of three to four branches of nationalized banks, based in different parts of Punjab and Haryana, are also on the radar of Economics Offence Wing (EOW) of Chandigarh police.Cops suspect that these senior officials helped the accused, who duped metal traders (of different states) of lakhs of rupees, in making fake copy of bank's holograms, stamps, letterheads and counterfeit bank drafts.Police claim they have enough evidence and have dispatched special teams to Jagadhari (Haryana) and Jalandhar (Punjab) to probe further.Last week Chandigarh police had busted a gang of five persons for duping metal traders of different states, including Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan.\"During the interrogation we found that the kingpin of this gang Gurpreet Singh, 29, was in constant touch with some officials of different banks. They were helping him create fake dummy properties of bank. He also has a fake account in a bank in Faridabad,\" Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police (EOW), Chandigarh, told TOI.He added, \"We have the names of three-four banks, but would divulge them once we have cross-checked everything. We discovered that the accused was also making fake bank drafts by using a scanner and laptop. He was also using forging signatures of senior officials with the help of some bank employees.\" Police said they are scrutinizing call details of Gurpreet to find clues. Cops have recovered scanning machines, laptops, fake stamps, letterheads and Rs 10 lakh from the possession of the accused. One gang members is still at large, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "sulthan bathery", "code": "17605104", "title": "Siblings hoping to take on each other", "text": "SULTHAN BATHERY: Ernakulam's central blocker Ajilesh TS, who turned 22 on Thursday, had a special birthday request to team coach Bijoy Babu and senior players. He wanted to be included in the team if they set up a semifinal clash with Thiruvananthapuram.The reason behind this plea is simple. Ajilesh wants to test his skills against his elder brother Ajesh TS, who plays as a central blocker in Thiruvananthapuram team. Though they have played together at the club level, they never have had the opportunity to play against one another.Ajilesh, a second year BA Sociology student from Sacred Heart College, Thevara, Ernakulam had to sit out when the defending champions went down against Kannur in their tournament opener. But he played the third set against Pathanamthitta on Wednesday night and played a huge role in clinching the set and match for his team.\"My brother inspired me to take volleyball seriously. During the school days, we used to train together and have been playing for our local club GDS Vavakkad. But we have never played against each other. The semifinals of the state championship may provide us with that opportunity and both of us don't want to miss out\" said an excited Ajilesh.The young brothers, from Moothakunnam, Ernakulam, had their early training under two different coaches, Jinan Thampi and Rajeev. \"Later Bijoy sir (Ernakulam coach Bijoy Babu) used to give valuable tips to us. Local club tournaments played a great role in shaping our career,\" said Ajesh, who is working as a junior superintendent with KSEB, Thiruvananthapuram.Joining SAI Calicut under coach TA Augustine in 2006 was the turning point, feels Ajesh. \"Though I played Sub-Junior National Championship in 2005, training under Augustine made all the difference in my career,\" added Ajesh, who was a member of the Kerala's Youth National team which won the title in 2009 in Angamaly, Ernakulam.But Ajilesh, who represented Tamil Nadu in the Youth National Championship in 2011, gave up his B Tech IT course for the love of volleyball. He joined Panimalar Engineering College, Chennai but discontinued the course after four semesters. \"It was very tough to play volleyball and continue the course at the same time. So I decided to return to Kerala and joined SH College, Thevara,\" said Ajilesh.With three days to go for the final of the 42nd Kerala State Senior Volleyball Championship, the brothers are hoping to win the title for their team. Though they know that one team will bow out when they clash against each other, both are hoping it wouldn't be their side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606756", "title": "HC dismisses another plea against Ramanujam\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s appointment as DGP", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has dismissed yet another petition filed against the appointment of K Ramanujam as the state police chief, saying vague allegations unsupported by evidence had been made against the senior IPS officer.Justice K Venkataraman, dismissing the quo warranto petition filed by retired police officer Jebamani Mohanraj, on Thursday said: \"The petitioner who has come forward with the writ petition for a declaration that the appointment of Ramanujam as DGP is illegal, has to support his case by acceptable evidence and reasons. He cannot expect the authorities to come to his aid and substantiate the case pleaded by him.\"When the matter was taken up for hearing, the petitioner's counsel, Manikandan Vathan Chettiar, submitted that Ramanujam was appointed DGP in violation of the guidelines laid down by the Supreme Court and that successive governments were choosing their favourites as the head of the state police.Additional advocate general P H Aravindh Pandian, however, said that appointment was in consonance with the apex court directions and that the state government appointed Ramanujam after UPSC sent a panel of names for consideration. Justice Venkataraman said: \"When such assertion was made by the additional advocate general, the petitioner cannot question the appointment of Ramanujam as DGP by making vauge allegations without substantiating that he was indeed appointed without following the procedures and guidelines issued by the apex court.\"Also, a division bench of the high court has already rejected a similar PIL holding that Ramanujam had been properly appointed as state DGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17606109", "title": "Thieves evade guards, CCTV to steal Rs10 lakh from flat", "text": "NAGPUR: The presence of two security guards and surveillance cameras at a building could not prevent burglars from breaking into a flat in broad daylight on Thursday. The burglars broke open a businesswoman's flat and made away with cash Rs7 lakh, and gold and diamond jewellery, totally worth Rs10 lakh.Shubhashri Wankhede, 43, had locked her 10th floor flat before leaving for her Ramdaspeth office on Thursday afternoon. After her husband Milind's death, Wankhede used to run the business herself. She used to stay alone at home while her two son work at Nashik and Pune. The burglary came to fore when she returned home at around 4.30pm and saw the main door lock broken.Cops said Wankhede recently sold another flat on the 11th floor of the same building and the cash Rs7 lakh was one of the instalments from that sale.Police said that the rest of the house was not ransacked. \"Only the cupboard's lock was broken by thieves and things in the bedroom were disturbed. It seems that the thieves were tipped off about the cash and valuables, and also the time when the owner leaves the house,\" said police.Cops suspect someone from the building might have tipped off the burglars. Two security guards are deployed at the building and there are some CCTV cameras. Police said they are yet to check the video recordings. However, police sources said faint images of the thieves have been captured in the CCTV and the burglars will be nabbed soon.One of the security guards told the cops that he didn't see any stranger entering the building in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17606504", "title": "Besra targets Sudesh on Day 1 of anti-graft drive", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Taking cue from anti-graft-crusader-turned-politician Arvind Kejriwal , former MLA and statehood activist Surya Singh Besra on Thursday launched a serial corruption expose. On Day 1 of his campaign against corruption, he accused deputy chief minister and AJSUP leader Sudesh Mahato of involvement in several multi-crore financial scams - including a Rs 210-crore bungle in the estimate for the construction of the 34th National Games mega sports complex.Producing a copy of the report filed by the special investigation committee of the assembly formed in 2008 to probe into the complex construction estimate allegations, Besra said: \"The committee headed by the then MLA Saryu Rai categorically said the estimate for the sports complex construction were wrongly increased by Rs 210 crore. However, no action has been taken against Mahato who was the then sports minister,\".Demanding Mahato's resignation on moral grounds. Besra, a founder member of the AJSUP, said CBI investigation should be launched to probe the dubious conduct of the deputy CM as minister in-charge of various portfolios. He also charged Mahato of being involved in the Rs 5,000-crore estimate scam in the road construction department in his capacity as minister in-charge. Beasra added: \"Mahato should also be booked for his role in the Rs 200-crore bitumen scam, which is being investigated by the CBI.Lamenting that most politicians in the state are involved in graft, Besra said his campaign will continue until he exposes all corrupt politicians who have turned \"Jharkhand into Lootkhand\". He said: \"Unfortunately, the Jharkhand that was formed after a prolonged and hard struggle has been turned into a den of corruption by a section of the politicians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610247", "title": "Pandit Ravi Shankar composed 'Sare jahan se...': Gulzar", "text": "\"Pandit Ravi Shankar composed the music for Sare jahan se achcha Hindustan hamara,\" Gulzar's startling revelationNot too many know this. But the music for India's favourite patriotic song Sare jahan se achcha is composed by Pandit Ravi Shankar!!Listen to the best of Ravi Shankar on gaana.comSays Gulzar saab, \"Of course Sare jahan se achcha which every Indian in every part of the world hums, is composed by Pandit Ravi Shankar. It was composed by him when he was associated with the Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA). And incidentally the signature tune for IPTA was also composed by Panditji. He was all around us, literally. He also composed the legendary signature tunes for All India Radio and Doordarshan. And if you listen carefully to the signature tune of Doordarshan (lampooned by Hrithik Roshan in Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara ) you'll see it 's actually the same tune as Sare jahan se achcha .\"Exults Gulzar, \"Panditji's talent was as deep and wide as the sky. The sitar meant Ravi Shankar and Ravi Shankar meant the sitar. He became a metaphor for the sitar. When someone learnt to play Sitar we said, 'He's becoming a Ravi Shankar'. I am lucky to have worked with him when he composed music for my film Meera. When I offered it to him he said he will listen to the script when he was in India next and then decide. But I offered to fly down to New York for a day. I went to New York and he agreed. I actually got to travel with Panditji while we did the songs of Meera because there was limited time to do the entire music score. He was doing concert tours. I volunteered to travel with him, so we could get the music for Meera ready....\"\"Panditji was young at heart and had boundless energy. He was honest and very sincere. These qualities remained with him till the end. Years later there was a programme in Agra where he asked me to come and introduce him on stage. I was honoured by his faith in me. I flew down to Agra to do the needful. To remain at that sky-touching peak for decades was not a small thing. Panditji was part of of my growing up years. He will remain a part of my life forever.We remained connected till the end.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17610722", "title": "Quit drinking and smoking: Rajinikanth", "text": "Birthday celebrations to mark superstar Rajinikanth's 62nd birthday, was held yesterday evening (13th December) at YMCA ground Chennai. The function's venue, which was to be Valluvar Kottam, had been shifted to the YMCA grounds as the local government had denied permission to use Kottam as the venue for the celebrations.Rajinikanth's fans were thrilled to see their idol gracing his birthday celebrations at the YMCA Grounds in Chennai. Last year Rajinikanth did not attend such a celebration, however, this year he made it a point to meet his fans to show his gratitude for their prayers and wishes.Speaking at this event, Rajini advised his fans to give up drinking and smoking as it would be detrimental to their health. Reiterating his birthday message that everyone should respect their parents, Rajnikanth said, \"I thank all my fans who prayed for my speedy recovery. I am fit and fine today.\"The celebrations were arranged by Nadigar Sangam on behalf of the millions of fans of the superstar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17606239", "title": "Women powerline's first success: Crank-caller held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sending out a strong message to those who indulge in such acts, the police arrested on Wednesday a person for continuous harassment of women on phone. This was the first arrest made in a case cracked by Uttar Pradesh Police's initiative Women Powerline 1090.Gopal Gupta, a native of Anpara area in Sonebhadra district, did not allegedly spare even policemen who called back to counsel him after receiving complaints. Navniet Sikera, DIG Lucknow (range) played out the recorded conversation that took place between Gupta and police officials at a press briefing on Friday.Gupta was accused of victimising more than 20 females with his aggressive rants, said Sikera sharing the details of the first case lodged by the police since the inception of the helpline. Anuraag Trivedi, a police constable who was at the receiving end of Gupta's extremely abusive comments, was another complainant in the case. Trivedi is deputed as tele-caller in the helpline cell and his routine is to counsel offenders accused of making obscene phone calls to women across the state.One of Gupta's victims told police that he made 123 obscene phone calls to her, whereas another victim complained about nine phone calls made by him in the same period. \"Gupta used to make explicit comments and send obscene text messages to women. He also abused policemen on six occasions when they called up to warn him,\" added Sikera.Gupta had obtained the connection unlawfully and police booked him for cheating and forging documents as well as for deterring public servant from discharging duties. Sikera has also decided to inform intelligence department of police about the offenders that come under the radar of Women Powerline in order to make the process of obtaining police character certificate, difficult for such offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "marrakech", "code": "17609480", "title": "Sharmila opens with 68, lies fourth after first round", "text": "MARRAKECH: Sharmila Nicollet opened with a solid four-under 68 in the first round of the Final Qualifying at Lalla Aicha Tour School for the 2013 Ladies European Tour season and was placed tied fourth, but fellow Indian Smriti Mehra (74) was way behind.Smriti, who could not practice in the run-up to the event because her clubs arrived only a day before the event, shot two over 74 and was down in tied 85th place.Sweden's Isabella Ramsay made the most of ideal scoring conditions carding seven-under 65 to take a one-shot lead in Group A, while Nikki Campbell, playing at the other course, Al Amelkis, was the top scorer in Group B with a six-under 66.Sharmila, starting from the tenth, bogeyed her first hole, the tenth, but then steadied herself. That stayed as her only bogey of the day, as she recovered the shot on the very next hole. With birdies on 17 and 18, she turned in two-under.Back-to-back birdies on fifth and sixth and pars through the rest of front nine saw her finish in four-under 68.Sharmila said, \"It was a solid start. I was happy with it. I had five birdies and just one bogey, so it felt good to start like this. I have good memories of last year's Qualifying School and I feel I am playing well.\"Last year she began with a five-under round at a par-73 course in Spain and clinched the 30th spot on the LET Tour.Smriti had three birdies, but she also bogeyed three times and double bogeyed the eighth.She said, \"My round was ok. Up and down a little bit, as I made three birdies and reached 15 greens in regulation. Regarding, putting, it was ok. I was not able to practice these past days because the Airline company lost my clubs and they arrived yesterday.\"Smriti had missed the qualifying by two shots last year. The 25-year-old Ramsay carded a seven-under par 65 at the Al Maaden Golf Resort, to finish a stroke ahead of Peruvian Maria Salinas and Australian Nikki Campbell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17606428", "title": "Govt to cough up Rs 70 lakh for Munda sons' treatment", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand cabinet on Thursday approved Rs 70 lakh towards the treatment of chief minister Arjun Munda's son for a rare illness.The proposal was forwarded by the department of cabinet coordination. After several adjustments, the council of ministers approved expenses for travelling, accommodation, food, conveyance, treatment and any other exigencies for Munda, his wife Meera and two sons, Abhinav and Avinash, in the US.The council also approved proposal to pay travel expenses of Tapas Mallick, Munda's personal secretary, from government coffers.Munda's sons suffer from a congenital blood disease and have been undergoing treatment in the US since 2005. During the 11-day trip, Munda and his family will visit Chicago, San Diego, California and Illinois for treatment and medical review.The state health council had pegged the expenses at Rs 70 lakh. According to sources in the department, approval of the council of ministers has been taken to meet escalation in the cost.The decision irked the opposition in the state. CPI(ML) MLA Vinod Singh said: \"We have no complaints for meeting the expenses but expect similar provisions for family members of state government employees too.\"On this, Dr Praveen Chandra, director-in-chief, health services, said state employees' can avail of reimbursement benefits for treatment of critical ailments. When asked if the reimbursement includes expenses on travelling and accommodation, Chandra denied it and said an approval of the medical board is necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "17607385", "title": "AMC lodges plaint against two over illegal water connections", "text": "AURANGABAD: Coming out strongly against illegal water connections in the city, the Aurangabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) on Thursday lodged a police complaint against two persons. Rajkishor Saha and Bharat Saha, who were running a nursery at Mukundwadi on Jalna road, were caught using water from the nearby main pipeline.They had broken the main pipeline near Mukundwadi crematorium on Jalna Road and installed a tap. A case was registered at MIDC police station.Executive engineer of water supply department of AMC Hemant Kolhe said the drive was focussed on repairing leakages in the pipelines. \"But, while conducting the drive, we found that these two persons were making illegal use of water and hence the department has lodged a complaint,\" he said.Civic teams and contractors have been conducting special drives for the past three days. They are visiting the sites where there is water leakage and repairing it and disconnecting illegal water pipelines. But it was for the first time during the drive that a police case was lodged.After municipal commissioner Purushottam Bhapkar had recently warned of strict action against the contractors who fail to repair the leakages in water pipelines, the civic officials not only found more than 60 leakages but have also repaired them. The officials have also disconnected illegal connections at a few locations. In all, nine teams are working for the special drive initiated on December 11.Forty six sites have been repaired, so far. Drinking water from these leakages was being wasted for long but officials did not give it a serious thought. When Bhapkar set a timeframe for repairs, the teams swung into action. Kolhe said that the drive would continue.On the first day, the teams had repaired 20 leakages and on the second day the number of such cases went up to 26. Following poor rainfall in Marathwada region during recent monsoon, it is expected that the city might face grave shortage of drinking water in the upcoming summer season. Looking at this, the corporation has initiated several measures to save water thefts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17608059", "title": "Brand Hyd tarnished, say educationists", "text": "HYDERABAD: With yet another exam scam unearthed by the police involving students from Andhra Pradesh, city educationists said brand Hyderabad was getting tranished and called upon authorities to set up more stringent measures to check malpractice.The JNTU answer script scam is the latest in the chain of malpractices involving culprits hailing from the state in the recent past.Kingpins in at least three cases involving exam fraud including Chandigarh (PG Institute of Medical Education and Research entrance), New Delhi (AIIMS PG entrance) and Coimbatore (Tamil Nadu Public Service Commission examination) were from the state, police said.Educationists said the trend might affect the credibility of students taking admission in national institutes in future.\"If more such cases are reported, it will adversely affect the image of students who get into national institutes on their own merit,\" said Ajay Jain, commissioner of Technical Education.\"These are times when one black sheep could damage the image of an entire family,\" he said. Andhra Pradesh students occupy 21 per cent of the seats in premier institutes including IITs and IIMs.In 2012, two cases were reported involving the accused from Andhra Pradesh.In September this year Anand Rao, a retired railway employee from Vizag was arrested in association with an answer script scam in Coimbatore while Gurivi Reddy from Kadapa was arrested for rigging the PGIMER examination in Chandigarh.Gurivi Reddy when arrested was planning to rig AIIMS under graduate examination also. In 2011, CBI officials from the state were after two unnamed kingpins from AP who were involved in AIIMS question paper leak scam. All the cases are under CBI investigation. \"We are planning to have a closer collaboration with the state police to curb such unhealthy practices. To maintain the state's image it is advisable to take proactive steps before it becomes too late,\" said Jain.In 2010, an attempt to rig Eamcet (Engineering and Medical Common Entrance Test), medical stream examination was thwarted successfully with the collaboration of Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University and state police, he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17606672", "title": "Boy, 16, caught boozing during class", "text": "CHENNAI: The headmaster of a government school in the city on Thursday handed over a Class 12 student to police after the boy was caught drinking liquor in class.Policemen took the student to a hospital, where tests confirmed he had consumed alcohol. A police officer counselled the 16-year-old before letting him off with a warning. The officer said the headmaster of Arignar Anna Government Boys School in Poonamallee informed him that Bharath (name changed) was caught drinking alcohol in the school on two previous occasions.\"He stays with his relatives, who are his local guardians,\" the officer said. \"Bharath's father, Mahesh Kumar, runs a small business in Madurai.\"School officials were not available for comment. A staff member said headmaster Arockia Doss asked Bharath's parents to meet him on Monday.Police said they received a call from Doss in the morning regarding a drunk student who was \"creating nuisance\" on the campus. When policemen arrived at the school, Doss told them that a teacher had caught Bharath drinking brandy mixed with an aerated beverage in class. \"We took him to a hospital for tests. Doctors confirmed he was drunk,\" the officer said.\"The boy promised us that he would not repeat it,\" he said. \"We decided to warn him and let him go because he wanted to write his Class 12 exams in March,\" said a police officer.Bharath told police that he did not know that brandy had been mixed in the cool drink he was sipping. But he admitted that he was not able to stand without support when his teacher, who noticed that he was drunkenly blabbering to his classmates, called out his name. The teacher took Bharath to the headmaster's office.Academicians and student psychologists expressed concern over an increasing number of students starting to drink at a young age. They said easy availability of alcohol had contributed to the trend. For instance, a Tasmac shop is just two building away from Shrine Velankani School in T Nagar.\"The rules ban liquor and cigarette shops near schools, but they are flouted,\" said a teacher from Shrine Velankani. \"We have approached several departments to close the shop but they have not done anything.\"Child psychologists say recent studies in Chennai have shown that some children in the city start drinking when they are barely 13. \"Most children start drinking out of curiosity or because they feel peer pressure and want to imitate their friends,\" said child psychologist Sangeetha Madhu. \"For some it becomes a habit very early.\"\"Some children drink because they have seen their family members drinking or because they believe it will solve their problems. They need to be counselled and advised to abstain at least till they turn 18, the legal age to be able to purchase alcohol,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17607504", "title": "Cadaver shortage hits research in medical colleges", "text": "RAIPUR: For a country with a population of over 1.2 billion and thousands dying everyday it is rather ironical that its medical colleges and research institutions don't have enough cadavers (dead bodies) for research, let alone organ donations.Chhattisagrh is no exception as it too faces an acute shortage of cadavers .The fact that only 38 bodies have been donated to Raipur Medical College since its inception 50 years ago is preposterous and highlights the government's failure in educating the people to encourage body donations.Nobel laureate and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill , once said, \"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give\". Though, this statement wasn't directly in context to body or cadaver donation, for medical and research purposes, it aptly fits into the scenario. And perhaps this is the spirit that motived thousands of people across the country, including the former Chief Minister of West Bengal, Jyoti Basu and freedom fighter Laxmi Sehgal, to pledge and donate their bodies after death for medical research and betterment of the society at large.However, the Chhattisgarh government has failed to motivate people and has no program at hand in near future , unlike many other states and UTs that have opened special help lines educating people on body donations.Talking to TOI, Dr C Banerjee, head of anatomy department was candid about the fact that only 38 bodies have been donated so far and 80% of them have come from an NGO, Badhte Kadam, which has its own programme for motivating people for this noble cause.\"We have a voluntary donation programme for those who want to pledge their bodies, but we don't get many,\" said Dr Banerjee, adding that they were always short of cadavers for students.Though pledges for body donations at the medical college stands at 700, very few bodies have been received in the past few years. Though there is a strong possibility that most of these prospective donors are still alive, the college has no system to verify it and even know when someone dies.Insiders admit that there was no mechanism for a follow-up on such donations. Sources said, \"We come to know only when the donor's family informs us about the death. If they don't, the donors continue to be on our list.\"Prem Chand Chabra, in charge of the body donation programme at Badhte Kadam (NGO) says that they have donated 53 bodies to medical colleges in Raipur, Bilaspur and Jagdalpur since this programme started in 2007. He said the general requirement of in medical colleges is around 10 Cadaver every year and they try their best.\"So far we have given 25-30 bodies to Raipur medical college alone and these include the five given for this year\", he said. Besides two bodies each were given to Bilaspur and Jagdalpur medical colleges and one to AIIMS.According to experts, voluntary body donation is still a radical idea here. They say that because of sentimental and religious beliefs and sometimes even superstition, relatives of donors hesitate to fulfil the wishes of the deceased in this regards. \"These inhibitions are not confined to any particular religion or a class of people\", they say.A doctor at the medical college said many have apprehensions that the bodies of their loved would be mutilated and not treated with dignity. \"We use the bodies for research and all due care is taken,\" the doctor said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-12-14"}
