{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12038234", "title": "Ramgarh roses spread fragrance to metros", "text": "RAMGARH: The fragrance of rose plantation in Dhamanatand and Kadamara villages in Gola block of the district, has now spread to metros.Roses from these two villages are sent to Kolkata, Delhi, Hyderabad and Bangalore everyday where there is great demand of flowers. The flower plantation is done by a private farm on 21 acres of land near NH-23 at Dhamanatand and Kadamara, 26km from the district headquarters.The floriculture being done here has added a new look to the green landscape of this Red-hit area. It also attracts morning walkers, who turn up everyday to enjoy the blooming roses. Nageshwar Mahto alias Nagi, the caretaker of the farm, said, \"This farm has come up with a new plan to create awareness among the farmers of Gola block. It has a large area for plantation and apart from flowers, we are also growing green vegetables, which is being sent to different cities.\"\"Gola, located on the Damodar and Subernarekha basin, is a suitable place both for floriculture and horticulture because of availability of fertile land and favourable weather conditions,\" said Mahto, adding that the farm produces more than 8,000 roses everyday, which is sent to metro cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039821", "title": "The dead, now online", "text": "In the days after his mother, Dorothy, died last month, Paul Cebar went sorting through the keepsakes she had accumulated in 83 years of life. He had in mind a particular memento, one he dimly remembered from childhood, a slide viewer with a set of 3-D photos of her wedding, back in 1955.The quest for it led Paul through the sedimentary layers of family history in Dorothy's home - a pair of gloves, a prize ribbon, small toys she often gave to neighbours' children. Then, Paul came upon a scrapbook with a wooden cover, \"Snap Shots.\"Dorothy Cebar received a Roman Catholic funeral, in keeping with her faith. And Paul Cebar, though he had not been a practicing Catholic for many years, followed the liturgy with a familiarity that soothed him. Yet the ceremony also left him yearning for something more ineffable.When he found the photographs of his mother, it turns out, Mr Cebar also found the answer to that quest. From those pictures, he has created an online memorial on his Facebook page. There in cyberspace, Mr Cebar has found solace and community, the equivalent of a formal religious ritual, like a wake or a memorial service.\"I'd been in a fog, trying to figure out how to process her death,\" said Mr Cebar, 55. \"I knew it had some meaning to me. I thought these photos could in some way stand on their own. And then you hear from all these people in your life. Some are earnest. Some are playful. It was a comfort.\"The custom is being more widely practised, and not just when fans of a superstar like Whitney Houston post their tributes and heartaches on social media sites. These sites provide a longevity and global reach for non-celebrities that no memorial book, no poster board of snapshots, no eulogy, however eloquent, can possibly equal.\"When someone dies, you want everyone to know this life so that he or she did not live in vain,\" said Denise Carson, author of \"Parting Ways,\" a book about innovative end-of-life rituals.\"Our fear of this person fading from our memory triggers a life review of all the moments shared together,\" she continued. \"Memories of the deceased jump from our subconscious into our conscious mind. It can be overwhelming. Social media gives us a platform to organize our reflections. Now we have a stage online to transmit these life stories. And we have a place that allows us to share and connect with others in our hour of grief.\"The memorial endeavour started more by instinct than intention. Just before noon on Jan 23, Mr Cebar digitally scanned a photograph of his mother from the album and then posted it on Facebook.That first snapshot captured Dorothy in her late teens or early 20s, wearing saddle shoes and bobby socks, knee coquettishly bent, head tilted back in a Betty Grable way. \"There's just so much attitude,\" Mr Cebar said. \"So much enthusiasm.\"To Mr Cebar's surprise, friends, relatives and acquaintances soon began posting replies. \"You can tell she was a pistol,\" wrote one. Another declared, \"Hot chick!\"So Mr Cebar scanned and uploaded another photo, this one a portrait of his mother, probably during college, with her own handwritten joke about having a flea in her hair. He followed it with two or three photos almost every day. The responses multiplied, reaching well into the hundreds. They came from Seattle and Kentucky and Australia. Samuel G Freedman--NYT NEWS SERVICE", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037897", "title": "Hubby among three held for woman lawyer's death", "text": "NAGPUR: Five persons, including the husband and in-laws, have been booked for murder after a woman lawyer succumbed to severe burn injuries at a private hospital on Saturday. Purnima Borkar, in her late thirties, was declared dead at a private hospital. Flames seemed to have engulfed Purnima when she was in deep sleep.Purnima's husband Rajesh, also a lawyer, was booked along with his father Hemchand and mother Bhagirathi. Lakadganj police have also made Rajesh's other brothers Mukesh and Dinesh co-accused in the case. Rajesh and both his brothers have also been arrested. The first-floor rooms where Purnima and her husband Rajesh stayed were damaged and the belongings charred to ashes., a washing machine, which had some clothes and also currency notes floating in it, was saved from the fire. This was despite the fact that the machine was switched on.There are different versions about Rajesh's presence at home at the time of the incident. While a version said Rajesh made a miraculous escape from the fire but left behind his helpless wife, another description from a close family source suggested that Purnima's husband was walking in front of the house after dinner.Struggling to escape from the blazing inferno, Purnima initially tried to douse the flames by sitting under the shower in the bathroom. Later, she climbed a six-foot wall and jumped down on the other side of the veranda. Blood stains could be seen on the parapet wall, indicating that Purnima may have tried to take its support while trying to escape from the flames. She was taken to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital but later shifted to a private hospital. Police said she had sustained nearly 99% burns.Family sources said Purnima and Rajesh had tied knot in an arranged marriage around three years ago. The couple did not have a smooth married life and was childless. A close family member said that Rajesh often demanded that Purnima give a bigger share of her earnings with the family. This issued had led to friction between the couple and Purnima often shared her distress with her parents and other kin. They were also thinking of separation or divorce.Police said that during Diwali last year, the five accused tortured Purnima which was spotted by her family members. Purnima's family members have also claimed that Rajesh would often plan to murder her. She had several times spotted the cap of the domestic gas cylinder was removed which could have led to an accident.Some of Purnima's colleagues, who visited her house after the incident, said she often shared her grievances among her close circle and that her husband would try to keep tab on her movements. He would also follow her in the court. Purnima's father Premdas Undirwade said that it was a case of well-planned murder.Police also seized a knife from the bathroom. A blade was also found in front of the bathroom. Sources from Lakadganj police station said that husband Rajesh had to be taken to Dhantoli police station as Purnima's family members were aggressive against him while Purnima's treatment was underway at the private hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039368", "title": "ASI who arrested 200 POs booked for graft", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a setback to Chandigarh Police, an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) Desh Raj, who has put many a proclaimed offender behind bars, was booked and his subordinate head constable (HC) Vajinder Singh arrested for demanding and accepting a bribe of Rs 3,000 from a PO, Rupesh Tangri, in Sector 46 on Friday.The ASI managed to give CBI sleuths a slip. He had arrested more than 200 POs and recently was awarded on-rank promotion considering his achievements in police force.Arrested head constable Vajinder was produced in the court of special CBI judge Ritu Tagore and sent in judicial custody for 14 days on Saturday. Accused Vajinder has also arrested around 100 POs along with ASI Raj.A CBI official said complainant Tangri was declared a PO in a cheque bounce case two years ago and ASI Raj was demanding bribe for not arresting him. Sources said the ASI was scheduled to retire on February 28 and he had applied for casual leave of eight days starting February 21, but did not proceed on leave.CBI sources said, \"A case under Prevention of Corruption Act was registered against Desh Raj and recorded conversation between accused Raj and complainant is also available with CBI in which the ASI directed Tangri to deliver bribe money to Vajinder.\" CBI also seized some important documents from houses of both the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038530", "title": "Book on Bapu hits stands", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here's wishing Ahmedabad a happy birthday no. 601. It was on this day in 1411 that the foundation of Ahmedabad was laid. To mark the occasion, The Times of India has a special offering for proud Amdavadis - a coffee-table book titled 'Gandhi's Ahmedabad - The City That Shaped India's Soul'.This book is the third in a series brought about by Times Group Books in an intensive campaign which has led to Ahmedabad's short-listing as the only Indian city being considered by Unesco for World Heritage City status. TOI's first book, 'Ahmedabad Next - Towards A World Heritage City' painted a broad canvas, from the legends associated with its foundation to modern history. The second book, 'Sarkhej Roza - Ahmedabad's Acropolis', paid tribute to the shrine where the idea of Ahmedabad was born.'Gandhi's Ahmedabad', now available at leading book stores in Ahmedabad, New Delhi and Mumbai, explores the 15 years that Bapu spent in the city on arrival from South Africa in 1915. It traces his journey from the narrow lanes of the walled city, where the 'Sabarmati ka Sant' incubated his experiments with truth and non-violence, in order to prepare the country for a full-scale freedom movement.After a launch on October 2, 2011, during the Times Social Impact Awards, the book took long to get printed entirely on Kalamkhush, an eco-friendly, hand-made paper that the Mahatma loved to use and is still made by hand at a small paper mill located opposite Sabarmat i Ashram.Just getting enough paper ready for printing hundreds of these books took months. And even though we had to compromise on printing quality because of the coarse paper, the book is a sure best-seller.Today, as the city bids for World Heritage city status, we feel Gandhiji is the real mascot who gives Ahmedabad a world appeal. Grab your copy now and be proud about the fact that you live in a city which played a pivotal role to gain India's freedom.Times viewCept University has been given the task of preparing the dossier for Ahmedabad's bid for World Heritage City status. The experts would do well to keep Gandhian heritage at the forefront of this excercise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039947", "title": "RPF 'rescues' six minor boys", "text": "The Railway Protection Force (RPF) 'rescued' six minor boys from Sirsi, found moving suspiciously on platform No. 1 of the Konkan railway station at Margao, on Saturday night. RPF officer A K Prit, who noticed the children during a night inspection, told TOI that the boys were below 14 years of age. \"The boys have said that they ran away from their houses after being beaten up, but we are verifying the facts. We have informed our counterparts in Karnataka and also summoned the children's parents from Sirsi,\" Prit said. Police suspect that the children could be absconders or victims of human trafficking who made good their escape. All the six children have been kept at the Margao RPF office.Cuncolim house gutted: A house belonging to Kamlakant Chari at Bhutamol in Cuncolim was gutted in a fire that occurred following a blast of a LPG cylinder, on Saturday afternoon. The fire soon spread to the adjoining house belonging to Krishna Chari, which also sustained considerable damage, police sources informed.Fatorda poll candidate booked: Acting on a complaint lodged by the returning officer, Dasharath Redkar, the Margao police on Sarurday booked a case against Anwar Sayed who is contesting on the All India Minorities Front ticket from Fatorda for election-related offence.Power shutdownCorlim (Feb 26): Between 11am and 3pm. Areas to be affected - Mollar, Bela Vista, Primos Park, Vijaynagar colony, Milrock, Vikasnagar, Madkaikar Plaza and vicinity.Anjuna (Feb 27): Between 9.30am and 5.30pm. Areas to be affected - Anjuna beach, Praiz Vaddo, Dando, Goikarvaddo, Pedem, Tembi, Soranto, Monteiro vaddo, Mazal Vaddo and Ximvaddo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai/patna", "code": "12039509", "title": "Bank robber had struck in three states", "text": "CHENNAI/PATNA: The man who masterminded the two bank robberies in Chennai had pulled off similar heists in Chhattisgarh and Maharashtra, according to the Bihar police. He belonged to a village named Gaurichak on the outskirts of Patna, but had lived away for several years, returning only for short durations.Sujay Kumar Ray alias Vindo Kumar, who was shot dead by the police along with four others, was identified by his family during a deposition before a magistrate in Chennai on Saturday. Bihar police later confirmed that Sujay was involved in three bank robberies in Mumbai and one in Chhattisgarh.Sources said Ray's father Muneeshwar Ray and other relatives arrived in the city earlier in the day and left for the mortuary at the Rajiv Gandhi General Hospital. According to sources, the family admitted to his criminal past, which included a bomb blast in Patna six years ago in which he lost three fingers of his left hand. The relatives will take the body to Bihar by air on Sunday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bulandshahar", "code": "12039293", "title": "Gadkari hits out at Cong", "text": "BULANDSHAHAR: Slamming Congress over providing reservation to minorities, BJP chief Nitin Gadkari said that his party will never allow the 'nefarious designs' of the Congress in tampering with OBC quota. Opposing a sub-quota for minorities within the 27% reservation for OBCs, Gadkari, at an election rally on Saturday, alleged that the Congress is exploiting Muslims for political gains.He said the promise for separate reservation to minorities is a fraud against the Muslims.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039556", "title": "No more leniency to govts in delayed appeals: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: For long, government and its departments have been getting away lightly in the judiciary as courts have been lenient in viewing the delay in filing of appeals by them.But, the Supreme Court on Friday put an end to it and decided to treat government with the same yardstick used for other litigants when it comes to filing of appeals after the statutory deadline.Dismissing an appeal filed by the chief of the Post Master General against Living Media India Ltd; after 427 days of the statutory period of limitation, a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar said the apex court was no more willing to buy the stock response of government departments - delay was due to red-tape and pendency of file on a bureaucrat's desk for long.\"The law of limitation undoubtedly binds everybody including the government,\" the bench said refusing to accept the contention that delays in filing of appeals by government departments are due to impersonal machinery and inherited bureaucratic methodology of making multiple notes.\"Why the delay is to be condoned mechanically merely because government or wing of the government is a party before us?\" the bench asked.\"It is the right time to inform all the government bodies, their agencies and instrumentalities that unless they have reasonable and acceptable explanation for the delay and there was bona-fide effort, there is no need to accept the usual explanation that the file was kept pending for several months/years due to considerable degree of procedural red-tape,\" said Justice Sathasivam, who wrote the judgment.This could hit governments hard as they are the biggest litigant before the judiciary accounting for about 40% of total cases pending in various courts either as petitioner or respondent. The sheer volume of work and lack of enough equipped manpower often leave the decision of whether to file an appeal in a limbo till higher-ups take a view of it. Besides, the decision to reduce government litigation has not trickled down.Justice Sathasivam said: \"The government departments are under a special obligation to ensure that they perform their duties with due diligence and commitment. Condoning of delay is an exception and should not be used as an anticipated benefit for government departments.\"He said the law must weigh every litigant on the same scale and \"should not be swirled for the benefit of few\". On the case at hand, the court slammed the postal department, saying \"From day one the department or the persons concerned have not evinced diligence in prosecuting the matter to this court by taking appropriate steps\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12037752", "title": "Fire in Gondia Zilla Parishad building, no casualty", "text": "GONDIA: The third floor of the Gondia Zilla Parishad building caught fire on Friday evening when the waste material lying on the floor caught fire. However a major disaster was averted when the watch man of the building noticed the fire. No casualty was reported.Sources said that waste paper is usually seen on all the floors of the building as it is not cleared for days together.On Friday when the watch man went to close the chamber of CEO Dr Yeswant Gedam, he saw smoke emerging from the third floor of the building. He called the fire brigade and extinguished the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12039054", "title": "Imagemakers bring spin in poll tales of political parties", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an era when blaring loudspeakers and omnipresent posters have become history, electioneering is like instant coffee. And new battlefields are airwaves and print. So, almost all major political parties have hired image makers who can drive their messages home in ten seconds or thereabouts available in advertisement campaigns.It isn't surprising then that with two more phases yet to go, collective expenditure on the pollrelated campaigns, according to a conservative estimate, has already breached the Rs 200 crore mark. If the Samajwadi Party's cycle is racing past the BSP's elephant in a highly visible TV commercial, the Congress is relying on the pull of musical notes and Sukhwinder Singh's voice to drive home the message of Utho, Jaago, Badlo.Viewers believe that the 10 second commercials are far more potent campaigners than hours-long, high-powered speeches. Within the Congress camp, planning ahead of the assembly elections started early. With many a political fate, including that of party general secretary Rahul Gandhi, teetering precariously on UP results, party managers have not taken any chance. For their ad campaigns, Congress has returned to the three trusted agencies -Percept, JWT and Crayon -that looked after their publicity in the 2009 general elections.Creative inputs for the big-ticket UP campaign, however, have also come from film star and Congress MP from Firozabad, Raj Babbar, along with party general secretary Digvijay Singh. Though the 2009 Jai Ho war cry still remains, in 2012, `Utho Jaago, Badlo' has been given a Rahul-centric spin, with the focus on his vision for UP's development. Penned by Mumbaibased poet Pt Kiran Mishra, and sung by Sukhwinder, the attempt is to awaken the masses against the prevailing poor governance. There's even provision for feedback and monitoring. Rahul's special media team keeps tabs, collecting inputs from the party cadre as well as target audiences. Despite the efficient mechanism, though, not everyone is happy.A UP Congress leader, said: ```Utho, Jago, Badlo' does not have the same resonance that 'Jai Ho' did. Besides, with as many as 175 tickets being distributed to non-cadre people this year, this change, if it comes, will be rather unsettling for many party old-timers.''Intra-party dissent notwithstanding, ad campaigns this year are all about building an emotional connect. Inside the rival Samajwadi camp as well, poll managers, primary among them state president Akhilesh Yadav, has been on his toes. Roping in a relatively unknown Arkash Entertainment in Mumbai, SP has chosen to convey its message simply - in a 15-second video footage of a cyclist overtaking an elephant.Yadav said: ``Apart from the core 'Ummed Ki Cycle' message, we have also sought creative help for ads that talk about the unemployment allowances that SP has promised and delivered. Our spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary and I have worked closely with the agency over this.''Bharatiya Janata Party has not been outdone either. Strategising for the UP polls as early as in November, the party planned a host of ad campaigns for print, electronic and social media formats. The BJP even roped in veteran writer Kamlesh Pandey for its 'UP ka haal kahey UP waala', along with lesser-known ad agency IBroad7 for other creative spots.National president Nitin Gadkari and senior leaders Arun Jaitley and poet-author Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, in fact, played key roles in designing the ad concepts before the professional agencies implemented the ideas. National executive member, BJP, Nalin Kohli, said: ``Both Gadkari and Naqvi have often gone through campaign content at 2am and made invaluable changes. Jaitley, a formidable media manager, has also helped.''Though its core content will remain the same, the BJP is now also looking at last-minute, phasewise changes. \"Our print campaigns are likely to address areaspecific issues. Sugarcane farmers, for instance have been targeted specifically,'' Kohli said. Poll campaigns have assumed an important role for the BSP campaign process as well.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038508", "title": "WHO takes India off polio list", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's name has been struck off a shame list that the country hopes will not include it in the future. The World Health Organization (WHO) has taken India, which in 2009 had more polio cases than any other nation in the world, off its polio endemic list after not a single case of the crippling disease was reported for over a year.Health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad made the announcement on Saturday at a function where Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh was also present. Now, only Pakistan, Nigeria and Afghanistan are on the list as India has achieved a hard-fought success after years of sustained effort by the government, international agencies and dedicated medical professionals.For the next two years, if India does not report any polio cases, it will be officially called \"polio free\" and Azad said that \"WHO has taken India's name off the list of polio endemic countries in view of the remarkable progress that we have made during the past one year. Let us today resolve to make India polio free by 2014.\"India's last case of polio was reported on January 13, 2011, from West Bengal.Working to eradicate polio, thousands of volunteers have slogged in densely populated areas with poor hygiene and battled social and religious prejudice. It has meant working under difficult conditions and convincing local leaders, including religious figures, to support the anti-polio campaign.According to the PM, the real credit for this major achievement goes to the 23 lakh volunteers who repeatedly vaccinated children \"even in the most remote areas, often in very bad weather conditions. I commend each one of them for their dedication, for their commitment and for their selfless service.\"India recorded 741 cases of polio in 2009 - nearly half the number of global cases. But in a remarkable turn of events, India reported one case of the crippling disease last year and recorded zero cases in over 12 months since then.Globally, the fight against polio received a major impetus last year with India's successful containment of the virus. India's polio success led to a 34% decline in cases of paralytic polio in 2011 globally compared with the same period in 2010 (505 cases compared with 767 cases).Also, cases due to the P1 strain of the virus - the more dangerous strain - declined by 35% (444 cases compared with 692), while cases due to the P3 strain dipped by 18% (61 cases compared with 75 cases).However, while India was seeing numbers plummet, the other three polio endemic countries recorded a massive increase in their polio cases. In Nigeria, 2011 saw a fourfold increase in cases compared to the same period in 2010. Afghanistan and Pakistan suffered a 135% and 22% increase in cases, respectively - 20 cases compared to 47 cases, and 111 cases compared to 136 cases, respectively.Since January 2010, 19 countries have had outbreaks of polio due to ongoing or new importations.India has increased surveillance against polio along the Line of Control (LOC), bordering Pakistan which has recorded a major spurt in polio cases. Vaccination booths have been set up at Chakdabagh (Poonch) and Kaman (Baramulla) in Jammu and Kashmir , Munabao railway station in Rajasthan's Barmer district and at Wagah border and Attari railway station in Punjab to administer polio drops to all children below five years coming in from Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12037886", "title": "Centre mulls over inclusion of coir sector under NREGA", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh said that the Centre would send a technical committee to Alappuzha to study whether the coir sector could be included under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) programme. He was speaking after inaugurating MGNREGA workers' meet in Alappuzha on Saturday.Ramesh said that the Centre would take steps for including the coir sector under the programme as per the report of the technical team.\"The Centre's rural development programmes (RDP) were fashioned not in tune with the needs of the states like Kerala, which are having better infrastructure facilities. The Centre mainly focuses on states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh while rolling out the RDP because those states do not have basic infrastructural facilities. Kerala is a completely different state and the Centre will consider making special RDP for states like Kerala,'' the minister said.\"The Centre will provide skill development training to youths belonging to the families of MGNREGA workers, who have completed 100 employment days, under National Rural Livelihoods Mission (NRLM). We will also help them find employment after successfully completing the training programme,\" the minister said.\"The coir geo-textiles can be used for the construction of rural roads under Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana (PMGSY). The method is successfully used in rural road constructions in Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh. This move will help the coir cooperative societies run by women get a fillip,\" Ramesh said.Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal, who presided over the function, requested Jairam Ramesh to take necessary steps for including coconut husk collection and coir spinning under MGNREGA programme.\"Due to some technical reasons, the PMGSY programme is not being implemented properly in the state. The Centre should take immediate steps for solving this problem,\" K C Venugopal said.State minister for rural development K C Joseph, Kodikunnil Suresh MP, legislators A M Arif, P Thilothaman, G Sudhakaran, P C Vishnunath and Ramesh Chennithala , district collector Saurabh Jain and rural development commissioner M Nandakumar spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12039906", "title": "Abducted girl rescued near Bangalore abducted for ransom in Dindigul", "text": "MADURAI: An eight-year-old girl from Dindigul, who was kidnapped for ransom on Friday evening, was rescued by the police near Bangalore late on Saturday night. Dindigul SP Jayachandran, who led the rescue team confirming this to TOI, said that the girl's kidnappers, however, managed to escape.The abduction of the eight-year-old school girl allegedly for Rs five lakh ransom had caused a flutter in Dindigul district on Saturday.Police said Kuppusamy (45), a farmer of Vedikara Valasai in Kallimandhayam near Oddanchathiram in Dindigul district, had his home in a sprawling farm. He is also into poultry business. He has two daughters, aged 10 and eight years old. While the elder girl was staying with her uncle in Neikarapatti and pursuing her studies in a school there, the younger was studying fourth standard at the Palani Bharathi Vidya Bhavan.The girl usually goes to school by the school transport and is picked up on the road bordering their farm, which is half-a-km distance from there and also dropped back in the same place in the evenings. She generally covers that distance between her house and the road by walk everyday. However, on Friday, the girl's parents became anxious as their daughter did not return from school till 6pm. When they checked with the school van driver, they were informed that he had dropped her off at the usual stop as per schedule.A search was launched and some village children, who had been playing on the roadside where the girl usually got off told them that they had seen a white ambassador car following the girl for some distance and that after sometime the girl was missing with the car speeding away.Kuppusamy later informed the police that he had received a call late on Friday night demanding a ransom of Rs five lakh if he wants to see his daughter alive. The anonymous caller had allegedly said that he was holding his daughter hostage in a place in Tirupur and that she would be released if the money is handed over.In the meantime, Jayachandran had sent a team to Tirupur to trace the phone number of the call made to Kuppusamy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037237", "title": "State in the throes of power crisis", "text": "HYDERABAD: The power woes are set to descend upon the state's residents even before the onset of summer. Saying that they are unable to meet the increasing demand due to various factors not under their control, AP Transco and the various Discoms have said official power cuts of up to 8 hours per day will be in place from March 1 in the villages while Hyderabad and other cities will be subjected to unofficial power cuts ranging from two to three hours per day to begin with from the first week of next month.Even as the power generation is hovering around the 12,000 MW mark, the gap between demand and supply on Saturday was about 1,200 MW. Power cuts will become inevitable once the demand touches the 13,000 mark, said the sources. \"With the mercury rising rapidly in the last days of February itself, the demand will cross the 13,000 mark by the beginning of March. When that happens, we will have no choice but impose at least two-hour power cut on domestic consumers while industries will be forced to bear the brunt,\" said the sources. Already, industrial power cut has been imposed on all industrial estates, industrial parks as well as ferro alloy and processing units.AP Transco chairman and managing director Ajay Jain addressed a press conference on Saturday, wherein he said that various factors beyond their control have caused the power crisis.These include the lack of supply of gas from the KG Basin by Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) because of which the state is being deprived of about 3,500 MW of power generation everyday by the various private gas-based power units, drop in hydel generation and technical hitches in the purchase of power.Apparently, the gas supply from KG Basin has plummeted to 37 million square cubic metres a day, while RIL is supposed to supply the various units, 67 million sq cubic metres a day. As a result, several gas-based private power units like Lanco and Reliance Energy's Samalkota units, which together have a capacity of 2,000 MW, are lying idle. Similarly, despite having higher capacity for power generation, units belonging to Spectrum, Konaseema, GMR, GVK, Gauthami, Vemagiri and Jegurupadu units are also producing very less power. In all, 3,500 MW is not being produced by the private units due to lack of gas from RIL, said the sources.At the same time, hydel generation, which was more than 7015 MW per day around this time last year, has plunged to 5,809 MW due to lack of water in the various reservoirs. The water reserves in the major reservoirs have come down to 95 thousand million cubic metre feet compared to last year's 348 TMC ft. Lack of inflows from Krishna upstream had hit the hydel power generation. \"And because of lack of transmission corridor, we are unable to purchase power. Out of the total 1,000 MW corridor in the southern region, we could get 776 MW despite placing the orders in August last year,\" said Ajay Jain.\"Lack of gas and water has hit us very hard this year. Though we planned in August 2011, things beyond our control are forcing the power cuts,\" the Transco MD said. By March, the shortfall is expected to touch 2,000 MW, said Transco sources and hinted that the power crisis this summer is likely to be unprecedented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12037923", "title": "Opposition demands VAT rollback", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The opposition on Saturday demanded rollback of the state government's decision to hike the base rate of value added tax (VAT) from four to five per cent, alleging it was an \"anti-people\" measure aimed at benefiting the business community.During a debate in the state assembly, Congress whip Prasad Harichandan questioned the rationale behind increasing VAT rates on 131 items including such essentials as food grains and medicines when finance minister Prafulla Ghadai on Friday presented the annual state budget for 2012-13 showing revenue surplus of Rs 2410 crore.Referring to the government's version that it needs to augment revenue mobilization measures, Harichandan said the government could have explored other sectors like mines and excise for enhancing revenue. He quoted recommendations made by a panel headed by retired bureaucrat Sanjib Hota and said state-run Orissa Mining Corporation (OMC) should be allowed to take over all mines in the state so that profits being earned by private miners could accrue to the state exchequer.Criticising the ruling BJD for recently waiving Rs 14 crore electricity duty payable by captive generating plants as well as cess and land revenue payable by a tree plantation company, Harichandan questioned why the government acted on the Hota committee report submitted last year when it came to increasing VAT, but did not implement its recommendation to raise water tax for industries.Congress legislators accused the ruling BJD of enhancing VAT to help traders, who funded them during the recent panchayat elections, and warned that the decision could spark statewide protests unless it is rolled back.The finance minister defended the VAT hike decision, saying it was done in tune with a decision of the Empowered Committee of State Finance Ministers and was aimed at making up the losses suffered by the state on account of tapering of the Central sales tax (CST) rates. The Centre has decided to completely phase out CST to pave way for introduction of goods and services tax (GST), he said, adding, though the Union government intended to introduce GST (a type of VAT that would replace all prevailing indirect taxes in the country) on April 1, 2010, but it has been delayed due to lack of unanimity.Ghadai said the Centre had earlier said it would compensate for CST losses, but has now asked state governments to manage on their own. \"We suffered a loss of Rs 260 crore due to the Centre's decision. Besides, under the VAT regime, uniformity is imperative. Most states have already hiked the lower rate of VAT. Hence, we decided to do the same,\" Ghadai argued.Not satisfied with the minister's reply, the Congress staged a walkout in the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mayyar (hisar)", "code": "12039244", "title": "Jat stir: All castes khap mahapanchayat on Sunday", "text": "MAYYAR (Hisar): The rail traffic between Mahendergarh-Hisar-Jind road continues to be off the tracks as the deadlock between the agitating jats and the government entered the sixth day on Friday. In what appears to be ray of hope, a team of jat representatives has left for Delhi for roundtable talks with Haryana chief minister.As the men, women and children continued their dharna and anti-government slogans to support their five-point demands; all castes khap mahapanchayat has planned a meeting at Jat Dharamshala of Jind on Sunday afternoon.About 5,000 people gathered in Ramayan village on Saturday as the Haryana government had decided February 25 for the meeting at Power Grid Corporation near Mayyar village. While the jat leaders were planning further course of action, the committee got a message from deputy commission Amit Agarwal that venue of the meeting was shifted to New Delhi by the chief minister's office.A committee member of jat aarakshan sangharsh samiti, Bhal Singh, said, \"All khaps in Haryana support our agitation. The protests shall be intensified if our demands are not met.\"Since last Sunday, the jats of Jind and Hisar village have locked horns to press their demands for the withdrawal of criminal cases made against them following the incident of violence during the agitation at Mayyar, and those who obstructed the rail tracks during the protests last year.It was after the directions of Punjab and Haryana high court that the police initiated action and served notices to 150 jat workers and leaders identified on the basis of video footage and photographs clicked by lensmen hired by the police department, and the photographs appearing in media reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039373", "title": "Moulding Dharavi's Bollywood dreams", "text": "MUMBAI: Tamatar Mandir, a Digene-pink shrine in Dharavi's Shastri Nagar, was a spontaneous pile of waste till a woman stumbled upon a tomato with an image of Ganesh on it. The discovery prompted a god-fearing local corporator to clear the dump and establish a temple. But devotees who began streaming in were usually in pursuit of a nirvana more typical of Mumbai - a break in Bollywood. As it happens, Tamatar Mandir is advantageously pureed alongside Dharavi's one and only, Baburao Ladsaheb's Five Star Acting Classes. The shanty-turned-studio is a two-room house where chipped clapboards hang on fuchsia walls, a rusted key light stands alone, steel cupboards hide behind velvet curtains, a wall montage of a 101 facial expressions printed on glossy paper bewilders unsuspecting visitors and an easily angered woman in a floral nighty lords over the rattle of kitchen utensils . Every Sunday, from this humongous receptacle of aspirations known as Dharavi, a motley crew of men in 'Guezz' t-shirts , women with blonde streaks and animated children dragged in by optimistic mothers queue up to claim a ticket to Bollywood or its half-brother , the telly soap.Baburao Ladsaheb, the marquee name adopted by Narayan Pundharik Lad, is the man who promises distinction to the star gazers. His fourcourse recipe to 'make it' : acting , dancing, fighting and modelling . Sitting beside a crimson refrigerator- there's nothing if not colour in this room-kitted out with photo albums that catalogue his acting stints, student profiles, photos of foreign journalists and filmmakers who visited his home, a laminated cheque from AB Corp and a red cap to hide his bald patch, Ladsaheb declares that he only shares his Bollywood mantra with \"those who have passion and talent\" .In own film, Ladsaheb did ten rolesA school dropout from Ratnagiri, Ladsaheb started his career 25 years ago as a signboard painter who moonlighted as a rent-a-dancer at political and religious rallies. Several Marathi plays, 15 Bhojpuri films, a music video, small roles in Hindi films and one self-produceddirected Marathi film later, he became the man Amitabh Bachchan's AB Corps and filmmakers like Danny Boyle go to when looking to cast beggars, drunkards and slumdwellers. \"I supplied the beggars in Slumdog Millionaire , the jhopadpatti residents in Paa and an extra in Kaminey. Observe their facial expressions and body language , they were handpicked from hundreds,\" he says pointing out to the acting curriculum , displayed on a giant signboard. One of the gems: \"Prem ke nav ras (Nine formulae for screen romance.\"Ladsaheb narrates his story of accession to local stardom with the same theatrical range displayed on the wall montage. In 1975, after he dropped out of school, he shot to neighbourhood fame when he was publicly challenged by a girl named Pramila. \"She saw my dance and laughed. So I decided to learn dance. From Bharatnatyam to salsa to ballroom I learnt them all and then performed at her wedding,\" he says victoriously. In addition to zipping Pramila's mouth forever, the wedding dance also got him cast in Gopi-Krishna , a stage show that ran to full houses in Dharavi.\"There was no stopping me after that; I was offered role after role. My heroine from Ghar Ghar Ki Batein went on star opposite Govinda in Banarasi Babu,\" he says with some pride. Soon, he was bagging roles in films like Tu Meri Laila Main Tera Chaila and Aandhi Aur Toofan, prompting Ladsaheb to take charge of his career. He did this by scrutinising the guidelines of the Film Federation of India . In the process, he discovered that Marathi films were exempt from tax and producers were awarded Rs 15 lakh to kickstart projects.Next step: he produced a film starring himself in 10 roles. Baburao Manhtoya Mithia Maroya (Baburao Asks You To Embrace ), shot mainly in his shanty studio and neighbourhood, tackles the issue of Hindu-Muslim unity. \"The film did not do very well, but it is good for my portfolio,\" he confesses.Ladsaheb, whose passion for stardom even inspired him to write a 560-page how-to-bean-actor manual called 'Acting Master Ladsaheb' , has 40 students from the area, 20 of whom are trained gratis. \"I take fees from those who can afford, but I don't harass those who can't . I earn enough from painting signboards to support my family,\" he says and calls out to his students to vouch for his claim.His only peeve, he admits, is when his students are embarrassed about the address of their acting school. \"These fools are ashamed of Dharavi when foreign filmmakers come here for casting,\" he says, switching on the key light and readying to pose for a photo to be made with this crew. This will, of course, be shown to the next visitor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040135", "title": "NDC report has financial lessons for civic body", "text": "PUNE: The report of the National Developmental Council's (NDC) sub-committee on urbanisation has a strong message for municipal bodies like the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) that have failed to tap new financial resources for the development of the city. The sub-committee's report, submitted recently, has acknowledged the poor financial state of municipal bodies in the country and proposed that the financial jurisdiction of the urban local governing bodies should be clearly defined in the Constitution, and local bodies should have a fiscal responsibility framework for ensuring fiscal discipline.The report recommends that local bodies must explore innovative means to raise resources, such as monetisation of land. Measures like public-private partnerships and viability gap funding must be encouraged.The report has emphasised the importance of capacity-building and has proposed establishment of municipal cadres in each state. Also, capacity-building should focus on the elected representatives. As capacity-building is a long-term process, urban institutions and centres of excellence need to be strengthened, the report states.As part of the strategy to improve the urban planning approach, the report suggests a three-tier integrated spatial development plan, comprising a district/metropolitan development plan at the regional level, a development plan at the city level and zonal/ward plan as a local area plan.The PMC continues to depend heavily on octroi, property tax and development charges for revenue. It has shied away from opting land monetisation, public-private partnerships, build-operate-transfer models and introduction of new tax systems like the local body tax to generate revenue, as suggested in last year's budget. In the draft budget of Rs 3,290.66 crore for 2012-13, the share of octroi is 41% (Rs 1,357.50 crore), while that of property tax is 15% (Rs 611.86 crore) and that of development charges is 17% (Rs 586 crore).Octroi is on the verge of being abolished in the state.The NDC, in its meeting in July 2010, constituted a sub-committee on urbanisation. The panel was headed by Union minister of urban development Kamal Nath , with chief ministers of some states as members to deliberate on the challenges of urbanisation. The first meeting of the sub-committee was held on March 3, 2011, in New Delhi. During the meeting, the sub-committee laid down the overall framework of the report, and constituted an expert group to draft the same. The report was circulated to all member states in November 2011. The expert group of the NDC comprised seven expert groups - governance, finance, transport, urban poverty, capacity-building, environment, and strategic urban planning. These groups consisted of senior government servants of the states and leading academics and experts working in the urban sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12038242", "title": "Former Maoist appears in intermediate examination", "text": "RAMGARH: A police van with men in khaki comes to an examination centre in Naya Nagar Barkakana in Patratu block and a young man alights from the vehicle holding an admit card issued by the Jharkhand Academic Council with roll code no 27019 and roll no 10144.Armed men take him to the main gate of the centre where the youth is allowed to enter the centre after verification of his admit card. A crowd soon gathers the gate, curious to know about the examinee, Gaurav Kumar.After verification, armed men help him to his seat. Examinees ask each other about the man who has come accompanied by the police. No, he is no VIP canditate but a Maoist. The court has allowed him to appear at the intermediate science examination. He was arrested by the police and sent to Hazaribag Central Jail. \"I realized that I had chosen the wrong path and started preparing for the examination in the barracks with the help of jail officials,\" said Kumar.He is also confident of his success in the examination. \"I was mislead by some of my friends and came in contact with CPI(Maoist) leaders, who asked me to take up the gun against the system,\" he added.Kumar said he has made up his mind to return to mainstream life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "12043571", "title": "Former South Africa president Nelson Mandela 'comfortable' after keyhole surgery", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Nelson Mandela remained in hospital on Sunday after keyhole surgery that officials said had left him in no danger but increased South Africans' concerns for their aging former president.President Jacob Zuma told the country not to panic after the 93-year-old anti-apartheid leader was hospitalised with chronic abdominal pain on Saturday, saying he should be discharged on Sunday or Monday.In the latest health update, Defence Minister Lindiwe Sisulu said Mandela had had \"investigative laparoscopy\" - where a tiny camera is inserted into the abdomen - and denied reports that he had undergone surgery for a hernia.\"It wasn't the surgery that has been out there in the media at all,\" Sisulu told a media briefing in Cape Town . \"He's fine. He's as fine as can be at his age - and handsome.\"The government has not revealed where Mandela is being treated, although reporters were being kept at a distance from Pretoria's \"1 Military\" hospital, which is officially responsible for the health of sitting and former presidents.Zuma said in a statement late on Saturday that Mandela, who is popularly known by his clan name, Madiba, was fine and doctors were satisfied with his condition.\"He was in good health before admission in hospital but doctors felt the complaint needed a thorough investigation,\" he said. \"We are happy that he is not in any danger and thank the doctors for their hard work and professionalism.\"Mandela has been in poor health since he was hospitalised a year ago with respiratory problems, and has not appeared in public since.His admission on Saturday renewed fears for the health of South Africa's first black president, who still occupies a central position in the psyche of a country ruled by the 10 percent white minority until all-race elections in 1994.Despite widespread public affection, most accept that Mandela, who was incarcerated for 27 years by the apartheid government, may not live for much longer.\"We wish him well,\" said Soweto resident Ronny Zondi. \"But understanding his age, we've got to accept he might not be with us for long. We wish that God could keep him longer.\"Mandela's last public appearance was in July 2010 at the final of the World Cup in Johannesburg's Soccer City stadium. He now divides his time between his home in Johannesburg's northern suburbs and his ancestral village of Qunu in the Eastern Cape.The government's public comments on Mandela's hospitalisation have been markedly more open than a year ago.Then, Zuma's office took hours to confirm media reports of a sudden decline in Mandela's health, leading to a scrum of local and international reporters outside Johannesburg's Milpark hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12039429", "title": "Tribals board Facebook seeking regular bus service", "text": "SURAT: Facebook had become a powerful tool for Surat's residents last year when they wanted to give wing to their desire for an international airport. The demand had gone viral after thousands linked up.About 100 km from Surat, residents in the tribal region of Dharampur too are using the same tactic to demand a decent and regular bus service between Dharampur and Valsad. The Facebook group 'Dharampur-Valsad Updown' is hoping the Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation's (GSRTC) will finally not be able to turn a blind eye to their digital complaint.The group, which started a week ago, has got support from more than 200 members, all tribals including students, small businessmen and professionals who commute daily from Dharampur to Valsad in state buses, the only public transport for about 5,000 tribal commuters daily.The idea of using Facebook was the brainchild of Tushar Patel and his close friend Himanshu Anglave, residents of Dharampur. \"We are surprised by the response,\" says Patel, who runs a rubber stamp shop in Valsad.\"In the last few months, we have made dozens of representations to the authorities for regularizing the bus services, decreasing the breakdowns and better manage overlapping routes, but there was no response. Now, we have got a big group on Facebook whose collective voice will hopefully be heard.\"Kamlesh Pagi, a Facebook member from Vankla village in Dharampur who works in a cybercafe in Valsad, says, \"The bus service is so irregular that we have to invariably wait for more than one hour at the stand. If the bus going toward Valsad is officially scheduled for 8 am, it will arrive one to two hours late.\"Students too are giving the group a thumbs up with simple and funny suggestions as well as strong opinions. Youngsters like Chandrakant Thorat, who is a class X student of Bai Avabai High School in Valsad, has gone a step ahead and asked the members to announce a strike.\"There are certain drawbacks, but we are trying our level best to operate the services regularly, without any breakdowns,\" says R A Pandya, divisional controller of Valsad GSRTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039681", "title": "4 hurt as speeding truck sans driver hits bike, bus", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bizarre road accident, four persons were injured, two of them seriously, when a speeding loading vehicle hit three vehicles on Hoshangabad road here under the limits of Bagh Sewania police station on Saturday afternoon.The unidentified driver of the loading vehicle lost control after hitting a bike coming from the opposite direction near the Barkatullah University. After losing control over the steering, the driver jumped out of the truck. And as there was no one to control the steering, the truck hit another bike and rammed into a star bus.The police said injured have been identified as Bablu, 45, Raja, 28, Atul, 20 and Uttam, 23. Of the three injured, two are students of the RKDF College.The police said all the injured have been admitted to a private hospital where the condition of Uttam and Bablu was stated to be critical . The Bagh Sawenia police have registered a case against unidentified driver of vehicle bearing registration number MP04-GA-1378.The incident led to a traffic jam on the busy Bhopal-Hoshangabad highway. Efforts are on to nab the absconding driver, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040098", "title": "MSRTC workers want eight-hour work shift", "text": "PUNE: The workers' federation of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has written to the administration that starting March 6, all workers, drivers and conductors of the state transport would refuse to take up any additional workload and strictly work as per the motor transport workers act and work contracts.Hanumant Tate, general secretary of the Maharashtra State Transport Workers' Federation, said that MSRTC workers were stressed out. \"No steps have been taken so far to reduce our burden despite repeated follow ups. This decision of ours may hamper daily bus services from March 6.\"Referring to the murderous rampage of ST driver Santosh Mane on January 25, Tate said, \"The ST has more than 40,000 drivers. As per the contract and the Motor Vehicle Act, a driver has to work in a stipulated shift of eight hours on any given day. However, many work for 9 to 13 hours every day. As per estimates, about 40% drivers are overworked. Besides, many drivers are forced to do back-to-back duties. They hardly find time to rest before their next trip. The management should recruit additional staff to reduce the burden on drivers.\"Tate said that buses took more time than stipulated time to reach destinations like Pune, Mumbai and Nashik because of traffic jams and road conditions. Drivers tend to drive continuously for about 12 hours. Besides, some old buses cannot exceed the 60 km per hour speed barrier because of speed lock system. These issues need to be resolved immediately, he said.Tate also pointed out that since last three years the administration has not given them clothing material to stitch uniforms.A letter given by the federation to the administration says that the rest-rooms for drivers and conductors were in a pathetic condition at many places.The drivers face difficulties during nigh halts in rural parts while in cities they get very less reimbursement as against their actual spending on meals.The federation demanded upgradation and provision of basic infrastructure at rest-rooms and separate rest-rooms for women staff. The federation has also pressed for medical check ups and yoga classes for drivers for stress management.A senior MSRTC official said, \"Several plans pertaining to welfare of workers are under consideration. Steps have already been taken to improve conditions of rest-rooms. A meeting is expected to be held to discuss the issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bulandshahar", "code": "12038354", "title": "Jatav in pocket, BSP wooing Muslims", "text": "BULANDSHAHAR: Naseemuddin Siddiqui, a minister in the Mayawati government with an 18-portfolio baggage and the BSP's most prominent Muslim face, was about to land in his chopper any moment at Dariyapur village on Saturday in support of the party's second-time contestant Mohammad Haji Aleem Khan. And, meters away from the gathering, Mohammad Beg was busy running his road-side eatery, and indifferent to the BSP's rally.\"Some of us will go back to cycle this time,\" he said. \"Haathi ko dekh liya,\" he summed up bluntly.But, it's the Muslim vote that BSP needs to build upon its assured Jatav vote bank in many seats in the sixth round of polls in western Uttar Pradesh to be held on February 28. Without the Muslim vote, the BSP cannot cover the ground that it has lost to the Samajwadi Party (SP) in central and eastern belts. In the rest of UP, poll pundits may predict that SP's fortunes are on the rise, but in the western region the biggest threat to Mayawati's regime is too weak to win, but its presence can certainly hurt.No wonder, speaker after speaker exhort the crowd at Dariyapur to side with brethrens from the Bahujan Samaj to get their Muslim candidate elected. \"Don't be fooled by SP. It is a 5% party,\" said one speaker, pointing to the absence of a solid vote base to shore up SP's prospects.With the Yadav voters in miniscule numbers in the western belt, SP heir apparent Akhilesh Yadav can at best hope to ruin the chances for either the Congress-RLD combine or BSP depending upon the constituency by pulling away Muslim and other votes across seats. In Bulandshahar, no one expects Sujat Alam Khan to get SP another seat, but he is chipping away Aleem Khan's base while giving the BJP's Virendra Singh Sirohi an edge.Khan's pro-Muslim bent has polarized votes in Sirohi's favour, making him the front-runner in the constituency with 121,000 Muslim votes and 92,000 Jatav votes.With Jatav's constituting 80% of the Scheduled Caste votes in Bulandshahar, the BSP does not face the concerns it has to contend with in places like Khurja: where will the other SCs go this time around? In contrast, in the reserved Khurja seat BSP's Jatav candidate faces two Balmiki contenders from both the SP and the BJP.\"This election is only about caste else. Except for the BSP, which enjoys the absolute support of majority of Jatav's across the belt and RLD of Jats in some pockets, the rest is a game of addition and subtraction based on the contestant's background,\" said Bunty Faujdar, a Jat auto repair shop owner in Khurja.For the Congress-RLD combine too there are gains to be made. However, it's not the wholehearted Jat support that will work in seats like Syana (where it seems ahead of competition), but a careful selection of candidate. \"Chaudhruy je ke din nahin hain yeh,\" Faujdar said recollecting the sway Chaudhury Charan Singh had had over not just the Jats but other groups too in the region. But, that was once upon a time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12038922", "title": "Star hotels have stock for two days", "text": "BANGALORE: Supply of vegetables and fruits to star hotels was hit on Saturday, following the massive fire at Russell Market. Vendors said that on a daily basis, they sold vegetables and fruits ranging from Rs 10,000 to Rs 50,000 per hotel. The vendors are set to lose this important source of revenue for the next few days.A few star hotels said they had stock for two to five days and supplies were not disrupted.Pervez Ahmed, secretary of the Russell Market Vegetable Vendors Association, told TOI that the vendors sold vegetables and fruits, fish and chicken to three, four and five-star hotels on a daily basis. \"The order keeps varying. While some hotels purchase vegetables for Rs 10,000, others go up to Rs 50,000 and more. There is no exact figure,\" Ahmed said.It is Russell Market that supplies some special vegetables to star hotels, like yellow capsicum, red peppers, red carrot, red cabbage, American cherry, English vegetables like broccoli, zuccini, lettuce, lotus stump and ginger leaves. Orders are placed in the mornings and at noon, and supplies are ensured by evening every day. \"Demand depends on internal demand from customers. For us, it is a solid source of business. Today's lot has been entirely lost. We are planning to meet and see if we can have an alternative location temporarily,\" Ahmed said.The traders get dry fruits mainly from West Asian countries, Israel, Jordan and Iran , while vegetables and fruits come from USA, Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore. While most of these products go to elite hotels, the normal supply of vegetables also goes to retail outlets in the city.Hotels look at Monday stockA spokesperson for Sheraton Hotel, Yeshwanthpur, said talks will be held with the vendor to find out how supplies will be restored from Monday onwards. \"Today's stock has arrived. Monday is when the issue will come up. We'll hold talks and see how best the matter can be attended to.\"A senior executive chef from Leela Palace said supplies are sourced from a warehouse in large quantities and there would be storage for two to five days. \"As of now, we don't have an issue. We usually get supplies in large numbers. We can also source from Chennai or Mumbai in case of serious disruption in supplies.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039326", "title": "Delhi for kids: Food-courting : Venue &amp; menu are kids' call", "text": "They may hate their veggies , turn their nose up at the most exotic food and crave that sugary high before any meal - it's no secret that children are picky eaters. But for many restaurateurs in the city, kids spell business. And eateries are sparing no effort to tickle the taste buds of these young connoisseurs.\"Nowadays, children are the ones taking their parents out. They are curious to try new places and cuisines and tell their friends about it. Eating out has become a question of status,\" says Dr Pulkit Sharma, clinical psychologist, VIMHANS.Aftab Sidhu, who has been in the hospitality industry for a decade, says children play a strong role in driving the crowd. \"Usually, kids initiate plans and decide where to go out for a meal. Even if there are just two kids in a group of 10, they pick out the restaurant and the cuisine ,\" he says. At Cafe Bel Cibo in Gurgaon - where Sidhu is a partner and operator - the management is dedicated to keeping children happy. \"It's part of our business plan,\" he says.The restaurant not only boasts of an extensive kids menu and a supervised play area with mats, toys, blackboards , books and games, but also offers special activities for children. They can decorate cookies, pancakes and slices of cake; learn how to prepare cookie dough; visit special kids on weekends and even place custom orders for pizzas and pastas.\"Children today are more proactive and aware. They know what they want to order . And parents listen. They want to see their children happy,\" says Ravi Sethi, general manager, The Yum Yum Tree. The restaurant, with a special focus on kids, organizes a separate children's brunch every Sunday. The brunch includes activities like painting and crafts. At Cafe G in Gurgaon kids can pick from smiley potatoes , nuggets, burgers and spaghetti. The restaurant screens a movie and sets up a kids' buffet and play area every Sunday.However, it's pretty clear that while restaurants cater to what kids want, they pay little attention to providing healthy meals. \"Outside food is high in calories and has little nutritional value. Though whole wheat pasta or sticky rice are less risky, an outside meal is still unhealthy. Restaurants use a lot of sauces, oil, butter, sugar and other things to make the food tasty,\" says fitness and nutrition expert Raghav Pande.Despite the potential effects on health, there's no denying that eating out has its advantages. \"It brings the whole family together giving the members time to bond,\" says Sharma. But a concerted attempt to cut down on outside meals and eat together at home more often can go a long way in strengthening relations while staying healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039744", "title": "Rise of the invisible Indian", "text": "In the past couple of decades, Indian voters have shown increasing interest and energy in elections. This is not evenly spread over the whole country but a study of broad voting trends in different parts shows up a complex churning taking place. Coming-of-age youth are joining the dalits and other underprivileged sections to vote in huge numbers. Women's participation in elections is rising, though unevenly and unsteadily. On the other side, there is persistent urban middle-class apathy, reflected in low voting in municipal elections and city constituencies.In some states, like UP in the current elections, there has been a jawdropping rise in voter turnout - from 46% in 2007 to over 58% in the 275 seats out of 403 for which elections have been held till now. In others, like neighbouring Bihar and even affluent Gujarat, turnouts are comparatively low and languishing.One of the biggest changes that has taken place in the Indian electoral system in the past two decades is the mechanics of it all. Since their introduction in 1998, electronic voting machines (EVMs) have revolutionized the process by not only making it more simple and efficient, but also largely curtailing the booth-capturing and violence that was the norm earlier. Voter ID cards, photos on electoral rolls, more accurate electoral registration and tighter monitoring of election processes have contributed to curbing fraud and subversion of the entire voting exercise.Joginder, a dalit brick-kiln worker in Baoli, a small village in Baghpat district in western UP, says that their community has started voting only since 2004. ''Earlier, a crowd of the dominant community of the region armed with lathis used to collect early in the morning near our basti and threaten anybody who ventured out,'' says Joginder.This widening empowerment is not merely the result of technical changes in the electoral process. A far bigger driver is the political mobilization of underprivileged sections, especially the other backward classes (OBCs) and dalits in the past two decades. This is a direct result of the implementation of the Mandal Commission report and the subsequent rise of OBC-based politics especially in northern India.It is not only the underprivileged and the poor who are interested in elections but even the middle class, though not to the same extent perhaps, says Ravi Srivastava, professor at JNU and formerly member of the unorganized sector commission. ''There has been an across-the-board increase in general political awareness. This, coupled with more mobilizational effort by political parties, as in West Bengal or UP, and better electoral rolls in some states (Tamil Nadu) has led to increased participation ,'' he explains.The decision to bring down the voting age from 21 to 18 years was taken in 1988 and implemented from 1989. This single measure brought a huge section of Indians into the electoral system. Many of them are literate and aspirational, with a desire to actively participate in the nation-building process . They may also represent various ideologies or beliefs of change more energetically. An ever-increasing proportion of the total electorate is now young, reflecting the demographic profile of the country, with a median age of just 26 years and over 50% of the population below 25 years.Professor V B Singh, former director of the Centre for Studies of Developing Societies, a Delhi-based thinktank , says that increasing participation of young voters in elections is a key reason for better turnouts. ''This has increased the turnout even in urban areas,'' he says.Singh points out another factor in this year's high turnout: allowing private transport to ferry voters to the polling booth, something that was prohibited in previous elections. This has particularly encouraged some sections like the elderly and upper-caste women to go to the polling booth.So, despite all the scandals and bad governance, the Indian voter continues to keep his/her date with democracy - now more than ever before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12037793", "title": "'ISI forced us to spy,' say arrested villagers", "text": "JAISALMER: The increasing number of villagers in the border areas of Rajasthan acting as spies for Pakistan has compounded problems for security agencies. The villagers are being lured or forced to turn into spies by the ISI when they go to meet their relatives in the neighbouring country. Some Indian spies arrested recently by Rajasthan police revealed that ISI kept them hostage and forced them to spy.The shocking revelation came to the fore during interrogation of three Rajasthan residents, Allahbux, Majid and Gulam Rasool, who were caught at Ganganagar and Amritsar recently for spying for Pakistan. They claimed that a spy named Jafria Chuda and three other persons, deported to Pakistan from India last year, lured them into it.Pak citizen Jafria was caught in a spying case in 1997 in Jaisalmer and while being taken to jail in 1999, he escaped. He was caught by the police after a month and deported to Pakistan.ISI is using several Pak spies like Jafria Chuda to make Indian passengers their resident agents. Spies Allahbux, Majid and Gulam Rasool during interrogation confirmed this. Jafria had given Rs 50,000 to Gulam Rasool for spying, sources said.\"ISI is threatening Pak residents to blackmail their Indian relatives to spy for Pakistan and threaten them with dire consequences if they refuse,\" sources said. Also, Indian passengers are being harassed there in the name of interrogation. Half-a-dozen inquiry centres have been opened for this and many passengers are imprisoned for several days on the suspicion of their being spies.Earlier too, in 2008 Molabux alias Molia, resident of Khuiwala village and Haji, More Khan, Abhan Khan of Mohangarh had gone to Pakistan, where ISI compelled and prepared them to spy.More Khan had gone to Pakistan in 2008 and had stayed there for two months, during this period ISI trained him for spying, sources said. The arrested men also revealed ISI not only gives huge amounts of money to Indian passengers, but also extends help in extending their visa to Pakistan.\"Jafria and other ISI officers keep an eye on visiting Indians. They get hold of them and train to be spies,\" a senior intelligence bureau officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12037538", "title": "Chidambaram sends 11-point note to CMs to allay NCTC fears", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union home minister P Chidambaram's letter to 10 non-Congress chief ministers, who are against the powers and functions of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), carries an 11-point note, explaining the necessity to empower the body with basic \"operational capability\" and how these are in sync with the law that was passed by Parliament in the aftermath of the 26/11 attack in 2008.The letter, however, is silent about the home ministry's decision to notify in setting up of the all-important body on February 3 without the states' consultation. But, Chidambaram has tried to allay the other concerns of the protesting states.Referring to the CMs' objection to the \"powers of arrest and search\" given to the NCTC under Section 43A of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, the note says that these are the \"bare minimum powers\" that are \"required for any counter-terrorism body\".It also explains that any officer of the \"Designated Authority\" will have these powers under certain circumstances in which the officer knows that the person has committed an offence (terror-related) under the Act or knows of a design by a person to commit any offence under this existing Act.The CMs have opposed to such powers, stating it would amount to impinging on federal structure of the Constitution. But Chidambaram pointed out that the Section 43A, which has to be read along with Section 43B (procedure of arrest and seizure), was inserted in the Act through amendments that came into force on December 31, 2008.\"When the Bill was introduced in December 2008 to amend UA(P)A, it was passed by both Houses of Parliament. There was no demur or opposition to either Section 43A or other amendments,\" the note said. Clarifying that the states will always be taken into confidence while exercising powers to \"arrest and search\", it said that the \"powers\" conferred under Section 43A must be read with the \"duty\" under Section 43B to produce the (arrested) person or (seized) article without unnecessary delay before the nearest police station (which will be under the state), and the SHO of the police station would take further action in accordance with the provisions of the CrPC.Home ministry officials involved in the process of making the note explain that it is necessary to empower any such agency under Section 43A to operate under \"live\" operational situation like what had happened during the 26/11 strikes.\"If any agency (like NSG or MarCos) goes for operation like 2611, it is not possible for commandos to look for state police before catching anyone. Operation of this kind may go on for days. In that situation, it is necessary to give commandos some legal cover. The section 43A will serve this purpose,\" said an official.The note also emphasized that a law to deal with terrorism such as UA(P)A was within the legislative competence of Parliament and similar anti-terror laws - the Terrorism and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act and the Prevention of Terrorism Act - had been upheld by the SC.On placing the counter-terror body within the Intelligence Bureau (IB), the note pointed out that the government was guided by the recommendations of the Group of Ministers (2001) that the IB will be \"the nodal intelligence agency for counter intelligence and counter terrorism within the country\".The home minister assured CMs that the intention of the Centre is to continue to work with states to meet the challenge of terrorism which is a \"shared responsibility\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mahaveer nagar", "code": "12038168", "title": "Amarinder often forgets his birthday", "text": "MAHAVEER NAGAR: Most people start counting the days off to their birthday but Amarinder Singh is not one of the kind. Born in a leap year, Amarinder says he often forgets his birthday because it comes only once in four years. What's more, even when his friends or family remind him, Amarinder doesn't like celebrating the day.However, Amarinder, who will turn 24 on February 29, feels that his \"unique'' birth date is God's gift and is the reason for his \"different nature and temperament.''\"I was born in 1988 and my parents celebrated my 'first' birthday in 1992 but after that I told them never to celebrate it again. I feel there is no reason to celebrate because a birthday actually indicates that one more year has reduced from one's lifespan,'' says Amarinder.But that is hardly to say that he finds no joy in his birthday. \"If I see according to years I would turn 24 but according to my birth date I am only going to turn 6 this year,'' he says with a laugh. He adds that he did not realize that 2012 was a leap year.\"A friend told me that my birthday was approaching and that's when I thought about it. My friends have been insisting on having a party even though I don't want one, so my plans are still uncertain. I also miss my two brothers, who have recently gone to the US and that is an added reason why I am reluctant to party,'' he says.Running his own realty business, Amarinder says he is often on the road.\"My parents live in Jagraon where my father is working in the power department and my house is in Mahaveer Nagar in the city, so even when I'm not travelling for business I keep shuttling between two homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12042792", "title": "Former Isro chairman Madhawan Nair writes to PMO, demands fresh probe into Antrix-Devas deal", "text": "BANGALORE: Expressing reservations over the Prathyush Sinha-led committee probe into the controversial Antrix-Devas spectrum allocation row, former ISRO chairman G Madhavan Nair has urged the PMO for a fresh \"comprehensive\" enquiry into issue.\"A comprehensive enquiry should be held into the whole issue since inception of Devas to till the cancellation of the Antrix-Devas agreement and action taken against me and (three) other scientists on the basis of the Prathyush Sinha committee,\" Nair demanded in his letter to the PMO, the second one he shot off last week.Nair said he wrote the letter to the PMO sometime middle of last week accusing the Department of Space (DoS) of having got the entire thing \"completely wrong\" while deciding the cancellation and other issues concerning the Antrix-Devas deal.\"Either people who are involved in the DoS have not understood the issue properly or there was some pressure from some quarters,\" Nair said without naming anyone.He had earlier blamed ISRO chairman K Radhakrishnan for the action initiated by the government against him and three others barring them from holding any government posts.Virtually coming down on the five-member committee headed by Sinha, Nair said proper procedure was not followed in the report, which led the government to take action against him and others.\"No procedure was followed while taking action. Reasons cited for cancelling the contract are not accurate. The committee distorted facts,\" he alleged.Nair further said the DoS should have looked into the advantages of such allocation of spectrum as it was necessary for mobile telephone technology.\"What went behind the scene while taking a decision on cancelling the spectrum allocation should be looked into,\" he demanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039515", "title": "It's official - two-hour power cuts in city, four in other areas", "text": "CHENNAI: It is official now. Faced with a severe power crunch, the Tamil Nadu government on Saturday announced two-hour power cuts for Chennai and four hours of outages for the rest of the state with effect from Monday. The move , though expected, indicated the pressure the government is facing to juggle its dwindling power resources in the months ahead when the demand is expected to peak. In view of examinations for high school and higher secondary school students, officials of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board are examining ways to ensure uninterrupted supply to educational institutions.Government also announced power holidays for industries in different regions on rotation basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038330", "title": "N-reactor prototype draws crowd at trade fair", "text": "RANCHI: Amidst controversies of unsafe nuclear reactors and protest stalling the ambitious Koodankulam project in Tamil Nadu, the prototype of a nuclear reactor put on display at the Jharkhand International Trade Fair by the Uranium Corporation Limited (UCIL) is attracting huge crowd.People, especially youths, are spending good time at the stall of UCIL to know about how nuclear reaction takes place and also about its safety from experts of department of atomic energy (DAE). \"Almost everyday, there are news about protest against nuclear power plants and safety especially after the accident in Japan last year. When I came to know that a prototype of a nuclear power plant is on display, I came here to see and understand how it functions,\" said Akshay Kumar , a student of Class XII. After interacting with the experts from the UCIL and the DAE, he said if he got an option he would not hesitate in taking up research work in nuclear physics. \"It is very unique science and at the same time it will also reduce our dependence on coal to generate power. I don't think that people should oppose any project in India,\" said Kumar.An engineer from one of the government departments also supported the move of Union government to set up nuclear power plant. \"The government should go ahead with all the projects as our foremost requirement is to fulfil power demand,\" said RP Singh. At the same time he added that if required government should not hesitate from increasing expenditure to ensure safety of people working and living around the proposed nuclear power plants.UCIL spokesperson Atul Vajpayee said that people should understand that both Union and state governments always keep interest of people before anything. \"The government will take every step to ensure safety,\" said Vajpayee, adding that they have tried to explain the visitors through the prototype.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12037285", "title": "State, ACB in damage control over Kripa probe", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government and Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) are being forced to do some serious firefighting to wriggle out of an uncomfortable position after the Bombay high court criticized the ACB's probe into Congress politician Kripashankar Singh's assets.State home minister R R Patil said he will study the report the ACB submitted to the court. \"I am yet to read the court order. I am told that the high court has passed strictures against the ACB. I will discuss the ACB report with our officials and lawyers. I will examine what went wrong. We will abide by the court's directions,\" Patil told TOI.On charges made by the leader of the state opposition, Vinod Tawde, Patil denied that Singh ever met him or NCP president Sharad Pawar in connection with the ACB probe. \"It's a baseless allegation. Singh never met me. There is absolutely no question of diluting the probe against him or members of his family,\" he said.The ACB will soon submit a clarification to the court. \"We had submitted a comprehensive report to the high court and there appears to be some misunderstanding. We are in the process of consulting our lawyers and will submit a clarification,\" a senior ACB official said. While then DGP (ACB) V Subramanian declined to comment, on the grounds that he has not seen the official order, his successor Sanjeev Dayal said the ACB conducted the probe thoroughly and fairly.The ACB had concluded that the total assets of Singh and his family members were just 11.69% more than his known sources of income. It its 39-page landmark order, the court said, \"We outright reject this erroneous calculation... and we also reject the various entries showing expenses without documentary evidence.\"On the assets of Singh's wife, the court pointed out that it was of little use to merely state that Rs 1.17 crore was invested by her. What is required is to investigate how a large amount of Rs 1.17 crore came to be invested by her in the first place, followed by how she received Rs 75 lakh from her trading activities.Singh reportedly received Rs 27 lakh as birthday gifts from 101 people. It was not shown if the donors indicated the gifts in their income-tax returns. \"The amounts are stated to be received in cheques, the bank account statements are stated to have been washed away during the deluge of July 2005, the statements can be obtained from the bank, but the ACB officer has shown his incapacity to investigate in that direction,\" the court observed.The court asked why the ACB failed to freeze the accounts of Singh and his family and why immovable properties were not attached, as is required in such cases.The court observed that it can play a corrective role in cases of alleged corruption by public servants, particularly when there is apathy, obstruction to the investigation, destruction of evidence or undue pressure from powerful interests. \"We are constrained to observe that the conclusion of the ACB, despite its own observation earlier, has been wrought by latent intimidation... upon a mere police officer. We would, therefore, be abandoning our duties if we did not play a corrective role to at least bring these respondents to justice as envisaged in our criminal justice system,\" the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12038227", "title": "Citizens get voting lessons ahead of D-day", "text": "NOIDA: A pre-poll voter awareness campaign was launched by the district magistrate of Gautam Budh Nagar on Saturday. The programme sought to create a positive environment for free and fair elections, encouraging voters to make the best use of their right.Representatives of various resident welfare associations from Noida and Greater Noida and members of the Udyog Bhandu group held a marathon meeting with senior officials of the administration to motivate people to come out in large numbers to cast their vote. The programme was also designed to disseminate election related information to voters and candidates. Activities sensitised citizens about various aspects of elections such as the importance of identity proof, voting rights and the correct way of pressing the buttons on the Electronic Voting Machines.Presided over by the district's Additional DM (finance), Sarvjeet Ram, the campaign included detailed lectures and presentations informing the voters what precautions they need to take while casting their vote. \"We want to boost people's faith in the electoral system and ultimately in the power of their vote,\" said Hirdesh Kumar, district magistrate. \"The campaign aims to help enhance voters' information on all aspects of polls, to encourage participation of women and members of SC/ST communities and to generate awareness on responsible electoral behaviour, thereby also checking participation of dummy candidates,\" the DM said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "balasore", "code": "12038042", "title": "BJD MLA accused of faking caste", "text": "BALASORE: BJD MLA from Remuna constituency in Balasore district Sudarshan Jena seems to have landed in trouble with Samrudha Odisha and Rajya Adivasi Harijan Kalyan Samiti (RAHKS) accusing him of faking his caste.Samrudha Odisha district president Rabinarayan Sethi and RAHKS president Damodar Das alleged Jena had produced a fake caste certificate to contest the assembly poll from the seat reserved for Scheduled Caste (SC). Sethi has filed a writ petition in the high court alleging Jena produced a fake caste certificate to become a legislator.\"RAHKS had earlier written to the chief election commission and national commission for SC and ST demanding a probe. But when the two government agencies did not take any action, I filed a writ petition seeking an independent inquiry. I have appealed to the court to declare his election null and void,\" Sethi said.He pointed out as per land records, Jena is a Kuduma by caste. But in the affidavit produced during the filing of nomination paper he has claimed himself as Kandara by caste, which comes under SC category.Jena since 1983 has been getting benefits meant for SCs by claiming himself as a Kandara by caste, Sethi alleged, adding the MLA had contested the zilla parisad election in 1997 by producing a fake caste certificate as well and won from a seat reserved for SCs.RAHKS president Das said they have thoroughly checked Jena's land records and status of his caste from his native village at Sitadiha under Singla police limits of Balasore district. \"His father and forefathers were Kuduma by caste. So how can he be Kandara by caste? He has forged the documents in connivance with government officials and is hence liable for criminal action,\" he said.\"Though during the time of election I had brought it to the notice of the returning officer and election commissioner, they suppressed the matter under pressure from ruling party leaders. Now we have approached the court and hope to get justice soon,\" Das said.He further pointed out while Jena hails from Basta tehsil area and has also mentioned the same as his permanent address, surprisingly he obtained the caste certificate from Sadar tehsil. Though meanwhile Kuduma has been included in the SC category since 2007, Jena could not mention it in the affidavit as he had been enjoying benefits as a Kandara much before that date.Jena rubbished the allegations. He said it is a political gimmick by his rivals to tarnish his image. \"I have not done anything illegal. They had tried to malign me earlier too but could not prove anything. If required I will produce all the proofs in the court to prove my stand,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037483", "title": "Corporators flood mayor with water woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Elected corporators representing the peripheral municipal districts have demanded a separate budget for themselves that they may tackle problems presented by the water supply and sewerage network.Colonies on the outskirts of the city have been facing an acute water crisis with supply now coming at an interval of eight to 10 days and the corporators said that it was a situation that needs immediate attention.Mayor Majid Hussain said that a meeting would be held with all floor leaders and ex-officio members to discuss the problems raised by these corporators. At a Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) meeting held on Saturday, corporators cutting across party lines demanded that GHMC take charge of providing drinking water to the localities in question since the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) does not supply to many of these municipal circles.Corporators V Jagadishwar Goud (Hafeezpet), Kotha Rama Rao (Kapra) and S Dhanpal Reddy (Cherlpally) said it was unfair on the residents of these areas that a proper drinking water and sewerage network had not been extended to them.\"Although the Manjeera pipeline, that supplies water to the city, passes through Aditya Nagar, Krishna Nagar and Subhash Chandra Bose Nagar in new Hafeezpet, these colonies do not get drinking water,\" Goud said. He said that in colonies like Youth Colony, Sai Nagar, Guttala Begumpet and Kondapur, weaker sections of the population had to make do with the water that is supplied them only once a week.While Telugu Desam Party floor leader Singireddy Srinivas Reddy suggested that GHMC should adopt a resolution effecting a merger of HMWS&SB; with the municipal corporation, MIM floor leader Mohd Nazeeruddin said that the corporation should allot five power borewells to each corporator as they try to combat the water problem this summer.The Mayor responded that the policy decision on any such merger needed to be discussed with higher authorities since the water board is a constitutional body. He said that the corporation would coordinate with HMWS&SB; regarding the water supply to adjoining areas.MT Krishna Babu, the GHMC commissioner, said that a summer action plan has been prepared,adding that corporators may commission sewerage network works in their respective areas with their Rs 1 crore corporator's budget.MIM corporator Mirza Mustafa Baig said that garbage collection was not being properly executed and blamed the situation on a paucity of garbage clearance vehicles. He alleged that neither had GHMC purchased new vehicles nor hired workers for garbage disposal in the last two years after it entered into an agreement with Ramky group.Krishna Babu admitted that garbage clearance has been facing hiccups over the past two weeks with workers worried about job security in the wake of the Ramky agreement on the integrated solid waste management project. The commissioner gave an assurance that neither would workers be retrenched nor forced to take a pay cut in the light of the Ramky project.He said that additional vehicles would be hired for garbage disposal. He said that no new vehicles needed to be purchased since the corporation has provisions for the maintenance of vehicles. However, he said that new tricycles and bins would be procured.Azampura corporator Amjad Ullah Khan said several illegal constructions were coming up in his division with the connivance of town-planning staff.The Mayor directed the commissioner to list the illegal buildings that they may be demolished. The commissioner, however, said that it would be impossible to prevent unauthorised constructions in the 625 sq.km zone under GHMC's purview with only 74 officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12041203", "title": "Army\u2019s Red Horns Division holds human rights seminar", "text": "GUWAHATI: A human rights seminar organized by the Army's Red Horns Division in Rangiya was held on Friday. It was chaired by the GOC of 4th Corps, Lt Gen Shakti Gurung and attended by approximately 100 army officers of the Red Horns Division, who are relentlessly undertaking counter-terrorism operations in lower Assam.Many eminent speakers from various fields attended the seminar and expressed their views on various issues relating to \"Human Rights issues in a Counter Terrorism Environment,\" which was the theme of the seminar.\"The seminar unanimously concluded that protection of human rights of the common man reigns supreme. It was also agreed that violation of human rights is the first casualties in any armed strife. Though the common man is the worst affected in any insurgency or armed conflict, the security forces too have to confront innumerable odds and ambiguities while combating insurgency,\" defence spokesman Col S S Phogat said.\"As the hues and shades of the insurgency scenario in Assam is continuously changing, we need to come up with a proper approach to tackle the impediments to lasting peace. The media and the intelligentsia should also support those organs of the state that operate on its behalf to ensure the security and integrity of the nation,\" the spokesman said. He added that the seminar on human rights shows how serious the army is to ensure that all ranks abide and respect human rights while operating in any counter-terrorism environment.In his valedictory speech, Major General R N Nair, GOC of Red Horns Division, advised all officers present to ensure that the troops respect human rights while conducting any counter-insurgency operation in the state, especially in light of the fact that the counter-insurgency operation is being carried out against their own countrymen, who are basically misguided individuals. \"Resorting to human rights violation will only worsen the overall situation in the state,\" the GOC said.Phogat said Assam additional director general of police (law and order) A P Rout spoke on the constraints faced by the security forces during counter-terrorism operations while Col L C Dahiya, director of the army headquarter human rights cell spoke on the army's record in upholding human rights. Col Manoj Kaushik, deputy judge advocate of 4th Corps spoke on the legal aspects and proactive framework of law in a counter-terrorism environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040096", "title": "Dehu Road police rescue 7-year-old kidnapped boy", "text": "PUNE: The Dehu Road police on Friday midnight rescued 7-year-old Siddeshwar Karkade of Chikali, who was allegedly kidnapped by his uncle for a ransom of Rs 1 lakh. A magisterial court on Saturday sent the suspect, Vitthal Bahusaheb Mhaske (25) of Sane Colony in Chikali, to police custody remand till February 29.Siddheshwar is a second standard student in a local school. He went out for playing with his friends after returning from the school at 5.30 pm. After he failed to return home, the panicked parents launched a frantic search.Sub-inspector Somnath Jadhav said Mhaske made a phone call to his parents and demanded a ransom of Rs 1 lakh and threatened to cut the boy into pieces if the demand was not met. A while later, the suspect called again and asked the victim's parents to keep the money ready as he was leaving Pune.The police swung into action after the parents alerted them about the incident at 9.30 pm and investigations revealed that Mhaske had made the phone calls from a coin box in Shastrinagar in Bhosari.A police team maintained vigil at Vallabhnagar bus stand and nabbed him after he was spotted with the boy at 12.30 am, Jadhav said.Investigations have revealed that Mhaske is a cousin of the victim's mother and he plotted the kidnap as he was unable to repay a loan of Rs 1 lakh he had obtained from a friend.Arun Karkade, the victim's father, registered a complaint against Mhaske for committing an offence of kidnapping and demanding extortion under sections 364 (a) and 384 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038173", "title": "Chain snatchers find city a safe haven", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city has become a paradise for chain snatchers who have snatched gold chains worth Rs 1.16 crore in 11 months of the last year from various parts. The state government too has admitted in the state assembly that more than one incident of chain snatching gets reported every day in Ahmedabad.The government in a written reply to Congress MLA from Shahpur, Gyasuddin Shaikh, has said that in the last 11 months till December 31, 2011, a total of 410 cases of chain snatching worth Rs 1.16 crore had been reported from Ahmedabad.In a reply to the question as to how many accused persons were involved in the incidents of chain snatching, the home ministry said that a total of 724 accused have been named in the various complaints, of which 226 accused have been arrested.As per the data provided, Naroda police station heads the chart with 50 cases of chain snatching in a year. However, in the western part of the city, areas like Naranpura, Navranpura, Satellite , Ellisbridge, Vastrapur, Vejalpur, University, Ghatlodia, Anandnagar and Sola top the chart where 191 cases have been reported. The other 28 police stations account for 220 cases in a year.Police officials attributed high number of chain snatching cases in Naroda to its location on the outskirts of the city. \"Due to Naroda's proximity with villages near Ahmedabad, accused get an easy escape route,\" reasoned an official.In the western parts of the city, most of the women in plush localities move around wearing jewelleries and hence, they become easy prey for chain snatchers. Modus operandi of fake police in which chain snatchers posed as cops to commit crime was also the main highlight of the cases reported last year.\"We've started an awareness campaign about the police imposters and conducted meetings with senior citizens, who are most prone to such crimes at places such as public parks and temples. Leaflets have been distributed at police station levels to the neighborhood. We have often appealed to citizens not to hand over their gold ornaments or valuables to any police official,\" said Ajay Tomar, joint commissioner of police, Sector I. \"The menace was more prevalent in western city parts where affluent women and senior citizens were frequently targeted by youths in early twenties who use high-powered bikes for the purpose. We started screening usual suspects matching overall profile of the youths caught earlier for the offence. We also cracked down on roadside joints that are frequently thronged by such elements who take advantage of young crowds,\" Tomar added.Police claim that they have been successful in curbing the chain snatching cases. Compared to 499 cases registered in 2010, 2011 saw only 410 cases of chain snatching, which was a decrease of 18%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038450", "title": "Health minister silent on doctor's appointment", "text": "RANCHI: Leading obstetricians and gynaecologists tried to use the platform of their annual convention to highlight the acute crisis of doctors in the state and urged the government to fill up vacancies as half of the sanctioned strength are in service.Health minister Hemlal Murmu , however, chose to remain silent and reminded the doctors of being more humane in their approach and do away with commercialization of their noble profession. He was attending the inaugural ceremony of the 11th convention of the obstetrics and gynaecologists organized by the Ranchi Obstetrics and Gynaecologist Society of India (ROGSI) here on Friday.Usha Rani, senior gynaecologist and co-organizer of the convention, said that more than half of the positions against a sanctioned strength of 4,500 government doctors is vacant in the state. \"Since formation of Jharkhand, not even once the government has taken initiative for regular appointment of doctors and those appointed on contract basis are given remuneration of Rs 16,000-Rs20,000 per month which is meagre in terms of labour and money invested by students in becoming a doctor,\" she said.Supporting her argument, ROGSI president Karuna Jha said that these days students are disinterested in taking up obstetrics and gynaecology because of lack of scope in government jobs and disturbed family life that they have. \"My own son and daughter in law refused taking up the stream saying that family life of gynaecologist is badly disturbed and at the end of the day they have to settle with criticism if they performed cesarean section for delivery even if dire requirement compelled to do so,\" she said.Enumerating achievements of ROGSI she said that over past one year more than 20 continued medical education workshops and medical camps were organized by the society. \"We update our own knowledge and help other doctors to understand upcoming technology and advancements in medical practice,\" she said stressing that the membership has crossed 200 mark this year.While the convention began early in the morning with experts speaking on various topics like recurrent pregnancy loss, preterm birth, chronic pelvic pain and advanced ultrasonography techniques, the inaugural session was marked with experience sharing and hardship faced by the doctors opting for this particular stream of medical science as their career.Guest of honour and past president Federation of obstetrics and gynaecological society of India (FOGSI) Alokendru Chatterjee invited members of ROGSI with their papers and presentation to qualify for participation in the International Federation of Gynaecology and Obstetrics (FIGO) scheduled to be held in Rome next year. He also assured cooperation to organize bigger seminars here.Murmu, in his closing address, congratulated doctors for bettering infant mortality rate (IMR) in state than national standards and asked the gynaecologists to be more sensitive in reducing the maternal mortality rate (MMR) further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039633", "title": "Goa heading the BMC way for Congress: Munde", "text": "PANAJI: Senior BJP leader and former deputy chief minister of Maharashtra Gopinath Munde addressed an election meeting of the party in Panaji constituency along with its candidate Manohar Parrikar in Mala late on Saturday evening.In his Marathi speech, Munde said that the Congress-NCP alliance in the state would meet the same fate as it did in the recent BMC elections where the BJP-Shiv Sena combine secured a majority.He felt that the Congress was spoiling the name of the beautiful state of Goa with the many scams they've perpetrated, including the mining scam.He termed the distribution of tickets to family members by the Congress an insult to democracy.Referring to Parrikar's promise of reducing petrol prices by 11 and not increasing gas prices for the next five years, the Lok Sabha MP from Maharastra in a lighter vein said that he had told his wife that they should come and settle in Goa.Earlier, Parrikar said a BJP government would emerge on March 6 and he would ensure that a BJP -backed mayor for the city of Panaji would be in place by March 20.He also appealed to the people to elect a minimum of 21 BJP MLAs while adding in the same breath that the BJP's alliance with MGP would remain intact even if the party secures 21 seats.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chikkaballapur", "code": "12038829", "title": "Suspended cop assaults senior officer", "text": "CHIKKABALLAPUR: A suspended circle inspector of police assaulted his senior officer here late on Friday night.MS Sardar, the suspended CI, Chintamani, allegeldy assaulted additional SP, Chintamani, B Ramesh, who had gone to the former's house seeking some clarifications.According to Chikkaballapur SP TD Pawar, Sardar was placed under suspension for various irregularities. While handing over charge, the inspector had falsely mentioned in the station dairy that he had handed over Rs 14.5 lakh to additional SP. When this was brought to the notice of the higher-ups, the rural CI Venkatachalapathy was sent to Sardar's house to inquire about the same. But Sardar abused him and sent him back. Later B Ramesh, additional SP, along with couple of police personnel went to Sardar's house when he reportedly abused the senior officer and assaulted him.A case has been taken up against Sardar for assaulting his superior officer and also for misappropriation of funds, Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12038295", "title": "Only one Hindi teacher for 2420 students", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: When Kolhan University is making tall claims of initiating steps to improve the overall education scenario of its constituent colleges, some of its colleges are running without adequate faculty strength.One such college is the Golmuri-based Abul Bari Memorial College, which was established in 1981 in the fond memory of popular Tata Workers' Union leader . The college has only one teacher for the 2,420 students in Hindi section, while Bengali and Urdu sections, with 105 and 70 students respectively, have no teacher at all. This information was provided by the college in response to a Right to Information petition filed by a student union leader.Officiating principal A Chatterjee said though the college was facing shortage of faculty, classes were going on regularly. The principal said the Bengali section teacher retired this year and the vacancy will be filled up. However, there was no satisfactory response from the principal on the issue of a single teacher in the Hindi section.\"We took up the matter with the officials and hope things will be sorted out gradually,\" said the principal.Without throwing much light on the mechanism the college has evolved to counter faculty shortage, the principal said the institution has a system in place to conduct classes regularly.There are 25 colleges, including 14 constituent colleges, run by the university in the three districts of the division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038494", "title": "State\u2019s second zoo to open at Rajgir", "text": "PATNA: State Wildlife Council on Saturday sanctioned the state's second zoo at Mrig Vihar, Rajgir in Nalanda district. There is at present only one zoo in the state at Patna. A decision to this effect was taken at a meeting chaired by CM Nitish Kumar and attended by, among others, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi and members of State Wildlife Council.Nitish said a large number of tourists visit Rajgir. A zoo would not only save the animals but also provide an attractive tourist spot to the visitors. He also held discussions over Ghorakatora pond at Rajgir and talked about the efforts being taken to develop it as a tourist spot. Vehicles have been banned in the area and tourists can reach the pond only by cycles and tonga.A new ropeway was also sanctioned for Rajgir. The CM directed officials to take steps for creation of ropeways at Mandar Hills near Bhagalpur and Rohtas Hills in Rohtas district. The meeting also discussed the Valmikinagar Tiger Project in West Champaran district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12040012", "title": "Safety and security tightened for Katchatheevu feast", "text": "MADURAI: The Sri Lankan government, as well as the Indian authorities have tightened safety and security measures for the pilgrims visiting Katchatheevu islet to celebrate St Antony's Feast.Indian fishermen have been instructed not to bring any cooking cylinders unlike the past. \"The fishermen can bring processed food. But they will not be allowed to cook food in the island,\" said Micheal Raj, Parish Priest of Verkottu, Rameswaram, one of the organisers of the feast. In the past, fishermen used to take cylinders to the islet and cook food. Besides, few visitors would also sell the food to the pilgrims. The Sri Lankan government felt that the cooking of food often spoiled the sanctity of the feast as people sometimes indulge in merry-making.The passes to attend to islet are being issued only after a thorough inquiry about the credentials of the individuals. Officials said that though there were certain relaxations in norms for the feast, all international immigration and customs rules would be followed during the pilgrims travel to the islet.Fishermen, though a bit disappointed by the restrictions, said that they were however happy to participate in the feast. \"All we want is a peaceful celebration of the feast. We are ready to abide by all the rules,\" said N J Bose, general secretary of the fishermen's association.Earlier, the islet used to be buzzing with activity during the feast as fishermen from Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka bring various items and trade them. This year, however, all such commercial activity has been banned.Ramanathapuram collector, senior officials from the Indian Coast Guard, Indian Navy, customs and immigration, priests as well as municipal officers held a meeting in Ramanathapuram with fishermen on the safety and security measures. \"This year, we expect 4,000 pilgrims to visit Katchatheevu for the feast, 1,000 more than last year. Multi-religious people from various parts of Tamil Nadu have registered to the trip. So far, 79 mechanised boats and 40 vallams have registered for the trip. We expect 20 more boats to register. Checking of the passes issued to pilgrims will begin about 5 am on March 3 and by afternoon all the pilgrims would reach the islet. After spending the night there, the feast would be celebrated on March 4. The pilgrims would return by that night to Rameswaram,\" Raj said.About 2000 pilgrims are expected to visit the islet from Sri Lanka.Meanwhile, about 25 acres on the islet is being cleared off the bushes to accommodate the pilgrims and for celebration of the feast. An artificial jetty is being built for embarkation and a passage is being readied from the jetty to the church.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039315", "title": "Only three oppose power tarrif hike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a city of 10 lakh residents, only three stood up for a powerful task and raised voice against UT's decision to double power tariff in the coming financial year. Representing various organizations and committees they have raised several important issues. From reminding them that power tariff was hiked only last year to suggesting other ways of earning, they have touched each and every point.Raising a point from objection they have filed, S K Khosla, member of Pendu Sangharsh Committee, Chandigarh, said, \"We have raised seven-eight issues in our objections. First of all, losses, which they are trying to make up were not incurred because of the common man, who pays the bill regularly. Why should he pay for the losses. Moreover, they had increased tariff in June 2011, then what is the point in raising it again. They should understand that the villages are not like Chandigarh. They have been in losses from where will they manage to pay from?\"Elaborating further, D S Chahal, president of Chandigarh Residents' Social Welfare Federation, said, \"The losses they face are primarily due to unauthorized connections, which authorities are not able to remove, then why should a common man pay for it? Also arrears worth crores of rupees are lying with them, why don't they utilize those?\" He added, \"They give examples of other states which charge more for electricity but the department has forgotten that other states give subsidies as well.\"Naveen Mangalani from Chamber of Chandigarh Industries said, \"We went through the ARR they have filed to JERC and picked up points one by one. One most important point is that UT electricity department purchases power at a high rate, which is why they face losses, they should find other source to buy power from. From non-revenue point, we have objected to their notice to industries with a usage of 60kw to 100kw. They have asked these industries to set up their own transformers in 60 days. Some of these do not have space therefore they should think of a way which is feasible. They can build it for us and we will pay for it as it will benefit us.\"A common point raised by all is that of slabs. Other than these, three more objections were filed against the proposed hike. One of them, Damanjeet Singh, has proposed to work with the department voluntarily in making new slabs. Working in a telecom company at Mohali, Damanjeet feels that the slab needs proper division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037307", "title": "\u2018Prince\u2019 sets his eyes on Bollywood?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mahesh Babu is going places. With 17 films to his credit, the Tollywood star has thrown enough hints that he is now planning to conquer Bollywood.Though Bollywood may not have been too kind to Tollywood's top guns, with ambitious ones like Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna having had to beat a hasty retreat, there is a growing feeling among T-towners that if there is one star who can make it big in B-Town, it has to be Mahesh Babu for they feel he's got what it takes to strike gold at the national BO.In fact, even the Times Most Desirable Men 2011 poll saw Mahesh Babu pip many other Bollywood hotties to storm the fifth place in the country after Salman Khan , Ranbir Kapoor, Hrithik Roshan and John Abraham . Something that even Mahesh Babu is learnt to have been thrilled about. So will the Telugu superstar succumb to the lure of Bollywood? Many industry insiders believe that in his heart of hearts Mahesh Babu is nursing Bollywood ambitions and may be keen on taking the plunge to wow audiences across India with his histrionics.In fact, during the audio release function of his latest hit `Businessman', when the star was asked by the film's director Puri Jaganadh if he would be willing to cross over to Mumbai, he had indicated his willingness. But soon after the release of the film he backtracked for reasons best known only to him, and hinted that a Bollywood debut may not happen soon.But filmmaker Teja insists that \"he's got the looks\". And Teja should know. As a cinematographer who has canned many Bollywood flicks with the likes of Aamir Khan, Akshay Kumar , Amitabh Bachchan and Govinda among others, Teja feels Mahesh Babu fits the bill of a national superstar. \"Someone like Mahesh Babu can make it big not just in Bollywood but also Hollywood. He can easily get under the skin of any character he plays,\" says actor Shafi, a National School of Drama (NSD) graduate who worked with Mahesh in `Mahesh Khaleja'.Producer K Ashok Kumar feels Mahesh Babu's charming looks have a global appeal that he should capitalize on to storm Bollywood. \"From here, it is time he moved on and the responsibility of chalking out his career from here rests on his wife,\" says producer K Ashok Kumar. Mahesh's wife and former Miss India Namrata Shirodkar hails from Maharashtra and could play a key role in helping him navigate a Bollywood career.Mahesh Babu's Tollywood journey started in the late 90's but success did not come easily despite being a son of Tollywood superstar Krishna. In fact, in the early years of his film career when Mahesh Babu was going through a rough patch, Teja cast him in `Nijam' as a gutsy simpleton taking on corruption. The role won Mahesh Babu a Nandi award for best actor. Soon after `Okkadu' came along, followed by 'Pokiri' and there was no looking back since then. If his mass appeal, cutting across audiences of various age groups in Tollywood is any indication, industry insiders feel he should not face too much of an uphill task in widening his reach. Already, his star power has a host of national brands like Idea and Santoor signing him up as brand ambassador for their South campaigns.The only thing that could perhaps be keeping Mahesh Babu from fulfilling his Bollywood ambitions is his laid back approach and reclusive nature, feel T-towners. In fact, the media-shy star is only known to surface when its time to promote his movies and withdraws into his shell soon after. \"He is a bit lazy. I don't know if he has changed in recent times. If he has, then he has got the right stuff to move on,\" says Teja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12040072", "title": "NGO is Nashik set to honour eco-warriors again", "text": "NASHIK: Non-governmental organization Nature Forever Society, which is observing its third World Sparrow Day celebration on March 20, has invited nominations for its second Sparrow Award. The last day for submitting nominations is February 29. The photography competition is open to all and is not restricted to just photographs of sparrows.\"Citizens like housewives, business people, and students who are into full-time conservation of sparrows apart from their day to day activities and professions can participate in the photo competition,\" informed Mohammad Dilawar, founder of Nature Forever Society (NFS). \"This is the second year that we are organizing the competition and our motive is to inspire citizens that one does not need time to conserve nature or help sparrows. Even though we have named it the Sparrow Award, the photos can be anything related to nature - plants, solid waste, biodiversity, etc,\" added Dilawar.NFS also awards people who are into nature conservation. It gets profiles from all over the country and a committee scrutinizes the nominations to declare the award, which includes a certificate. The awards are given to 3-4 individuals and one organization. The first Sparrow Award was held on March 20, 2011 to honour unsung environment heroes who have silently been making a difference to the environment.NFS, which distributes bird feeders and nests, had initially designed the feeders for sparrows, but now a number of other birds also feed on these. \"Right from silver bills to peacocks, people have had many birds, small and big, feeding on the feeders,\" said Dilawar.Though hard copies of the profiles and photographs are accepted, participants can also mail them to wsdphotocomp@gmail.com. The photos are not judged on the basis of technicality. One can send any photos, whether they are clicked on a mobile phone or high resolution cameras. \"We are inviting housewives, students, citizens, business people, etc. We won't entertain photos of animals in zoos, national parks or pet animals. We accept photos of beetles, butterflies, etc.,\" said Dilawar, who was one of the two Indians among 30 awardees to be awarded 'Heroes of the Environment' for 2008 by Time magazine.\"The best known conservationists consistently receive accolades for their good work, but here are many others who make consistent efforts in their own right to save the environment. Our objective is to honour such people through Sparrow Awards and also encourage people's participation in conserving nature,\" he said.He said that World Sparrow Day has been the only day initiated by India which is being observed by more than 35 countries. Even countries like South Africa are observing it, apart from the American and European ones. Those interested in getting nominated for the award for their contribution to nature can download the forms from the official website of NFS, www.natureforever.org. For details, one can get in touch with the representatives on 0253-2411022.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "aligarh/mahamaya nagar", "code": "12039012", "title": "City of locks wants key to prosperity", "text": "ALIGARH/MAHAMAYA NAGAR: Aligarh has given the country a world acclaimed university, intellectuals and freedom fighters. Ironically, the City of Locks is now searching for a key that can free it from the shackles of underdevelopment and an insensitive polity. A poor road network, power crisis and dying lock industry summarise the continuing neglect by politicians, who surface only at the rime of elections. \"Bad roads are more common in Aligarh than locks,\" says Satyendra Singh, a local resident.The district goes to polls in the sixth phase on February 28. Aligarh has seven assembly constituencies - Chharra, Atrauli, Aligarh City, Koil, Iglas, Barauli and Khair. Post-delimitation Chharra was carved out while Gangiri was scrapped. Of these seats, Barauli is drawing maximum attention. State cabinet minister Jaiveer Singh is locked in a straight fight in this seat against Rashtriya Lok Dal's Dalvir Singh.However, Bharatiya Janata Party's Munish Gaur, who won the seat in 1993, too cannot be ignored. It is a battle of equals between Jaiveer and Dalvir since both have been two-time MLA from Barauli. While Jaiveer won the seat in 2002 and 2007, Dalvir was elected in 1991 and 1996. \"Although it's a nect to neck fight, Dalvir Singh might emerge winner,\" says a local resident Ajit Baliyan. Since both the candidates are Rajput, there could be division of votes.Jaiveer Singh won the last election riding on the support of Brahmins and scheduled castes. But farmer agaitation in August 2010 in Aligarh, has dustanced Jats and other caste groups from the Bahujan Samaj Party. This has strenthened the prospects of the RLD in all seats of Aligarh, including Barauli. While Brahmins might go with BJP, castes like Jatavs, Valmikis, dhobis and other SC groups might vote for the Congress, thereby giving better results to RLD-Congress alliance.Though most of the seats might see a triangular contest, Congress, of late, is generating lot of interest among voters. And, locals credit Rahul Gandhi for this wave. \"Gandhi scion has visited the place so many times. Besides, Congress has declared candidates on three seats and is supporting candidates on other three seats,\" says Kishan Chandra, a resident of Aligarh City assembly constituency.Elections in Aligarh City are always a Hindu versus Muslim contest. So, this time it's fight between BJP and SP. The saffron brigade has fielded Ashutosh Varshney while SP has reposed faith in Zafar Aalam. \"Muslims here mostly rally behind a candidate who is the strongest opponent of BJP, and this time it's the SP candidate,\" says Baliyan.Another factor that goes in Aalam's favour is some controversies have surfaced against Varshney and that might dent latter's image. This gives a hope that voting percentage for SP might go up in Aligarh. Seats in Aligarh are dominated by castes. Jats dominate Iglas and Khair, while Thakurs and Muslims have a strong presence in Koil. Yadavs too have good numbers in Aligarh. Elections in Aligarh are fought on caste lines instead of development issues.Both Khair and Iglas are reserved seats. Till now, all the parties used to field Jat candidates from the seats, and that led to division of Jat votes. This time, however, Jat votes might go to RLD, said a local. From Atrauli, Kalyan Singh's daughter-in-law Premlata is contesting on Jan Kranti Party ticket. Premlata had won the seat in 1997. Atrauli is Kalyan Singh's traditional seat. Premlata faces challenge from from Congress MP Bijendra Singh, BSP's Shaqib Anwar and BJP's Rajesh Bhardwaj. Some locals, however, also root for SP candidate Veeresh Yadav.Mahamaya Nagar (earlier Hathras) now has three constituencies -- Sadabad, Hathras and Sikandra Rao. Its Sasni constituency was scrapped postdelimitation. State minister Ramveer Upadhyay is locked in an interesting contest in Sikandra Rao. The minister is pitched against former BJP leader Kalyan Singh's son Rajveer Singh. Rajveer enjoys the support of Lodhs. Upadhyay's brother-in-law Satyendra Sharma is contesting from Sadabad. \"If, like east UP, Muslim votes would see division between three parties, then it would benefit the BJP, specially in Koil,\" said Ramesh Pal, a local resident.Koil seat was won by Mahendra Singh of BSP in 2007 and 2002. While Surendra Sahyogi of BJP was second in 2007, BJP's Rajendra Kumar came second in 2002. In 1993 and 1996, the seat was won by BJP candidates while BSP came close second. The fight in other main constituencies of Aligarh is between RLD and BSP. Khair seat in 2002 was won by BSP's Pramod Gaur. RLD's Satya Pal Singh was second. In 2007, results were reversed. Similarly, Iglas seat was won by Bimlesh Singh of RLD, while Mukul Upadhyay of BSP was the runner-up. Prior to this, fight used to be between Congress, BSP and BJP.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039554", "title": "Church body gives politicians the stick", "text": "PANAJI: The Council for Social Justice and Peace (CSJP), the social arm of the church in Goa, has severely criticized political parties for issuing manifestos promising amenities instead of making their stand and views clear on important issues concerning the state.Addressing media persons, CSJP executive secretary Fr Maverick Fernandes said parties were treating assembly elections as panchayat polls and promising roads, water, and other basic amenities which, he said should be the domain of panchayats and municipalities. In doing so, Fernandes said parties were ignoring crucial issues like legislation relevant to the state. CSJP issued a set of recommendations for future political action based on people's feedback. It has called for the repeal of the TCP Act 1974 and bringing all land planning laws in consonance with the 73rd and 74th constitutional amendment to prevent alienation of traditional communities from their lands, as well as right to ownership of resources.A moratorium on the sale and conversion of land, reformulation of RP 2021, setting up of a functional state human rights commission and minority rights commission are among the CSJP's other proposals. Fernandes also pointed to the lack of gender representation by political parties in the coming polls and felt that with 33% women's reservation being talked about, Goa with a highly literate population should have taken the initiative in this area.He called for devolution of power by decentralizing funds to panchayats and municipalities to curb or curtail corruption. \"Panchayats should be the base for planning of economic development,\" he added.Fernandes felt that \"deficient laws were facilitating unregulated mining and the real estate boom in the state\".On the issue of the Regional Plan 2021, Fernandes said there was a need for reformulation of the plan through a participatory process after the abrogation of the TCP Act 1974.Fr Savio Fernandes, also of the CSJP, said, \"Politicians talk about converting Goa to Singapore, Hong Kong and Dubai. This is an insult to the state, as Goa has its unique identity.\"Social activist Soter D'Souza said revival of comunidades and their reconciliation with panchayati raj was essential as the two are at loggerheads currently.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12040023", "title": "Police constable pulls 884-kg bus with his hair", "text": "GUWAHATI: Eyeing to enlist his name in the Guinness Book of World Records, Assam Police constable Ratneswar Neog pulled an 884-kg bus with his hair in front of the senior police officers and the public in Guwahati on Saturday.However, Neog failed to achieve his target of pulling the vehicle for 100 meters as he started feeling uneasy after covering 10 metres and had to be hospitalized. The All Assam Police Association (AAPA), which organised the show, said the constable will be back soon.\"It was an undoubtedly a terrific show. We did a mistake in selecting the road today. It was bit upward. This is why he felt uneasy,\" said Pabitra Sarma, president of AAPA. He added that by pulling the bus with 40 people inside it on Saturday, Ratneswar has proved the caliber of the Assam Police personnel in doing extraordinary jobs.Kula Saikia, additional DGP (Communication), hailed the effort of Neog. \"Social scientists all over the world are conducting research on why people want to do extraordinary things. Neog's courage is indeed an inspiration for others. To win in any competition, mental strength is the key. Neog has proved it,\" said Saikia.Saikia was all-praise for constable Abhijeet Baruah who created a record by running 156.2 km barefoot in just 24 hours in January and is waiting to get his name enlisted in the Guinness Book of World Records.Niranjan Kumar, who won the Mr India title in the masters' category in National Bodybuilding Championship in 2011 and 2012, was also felicitated on the occasion. Kumar is a sub-inspector in the special branch of Assam Police.Veteran sports personality of Assam Pulin Das urged the police personnel to help civilians in their day to day life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039492", "title": "On the pallava trail", "text": "It is not everyday that R Kumar treks through the forest to see ancient burial grounds in the Nilgiris or takes a train to Kerala to trace the old Roman trade route in south India. And it has only whetted the appetite of this seasoned traveller for more such outings.\"The Romans landed before the time of Christ and we traced their route from Muziris in Kerala to San Thome church in Chennai. It was unlike any tour that I have been on,\" says Chennai-based property developer Kumar.Even as the state tourism department sticks to the successful temple tourism in culture-rich Tamil Nadu , a few historians and archaeologists from Chennai are organising thematic tours to capture the history of the state. They have managed to attract discerning travellers from India and abroad by repackaging history and bringing alive dusty, old trails through meticulous planning and some inspired storytelling.Historian and archeologist S Suresh conducts four elaborate tours through the year -- the Roman trail, the Chola circuit in and round Trichy and Thanjavur, the Gingee Nayak history and a Thanjavur Maratha trip -- for the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (Intach).\"A visit to Thanjavur doesn't mean a sightseeing tour of all the tourist spots. The three-day tour focuses on tracing the Chola history,\" says Suresh, who started the tours in 2000. Instead of dry history lessons, the visitors get to meet local craftspeople and villagers. To round off the experience, they get to sample a first century south Indian meal, complete with hand pounded rice and country vegetables.\"The tour is an educational experience and also something that you vividly recall years later,\" says Kumar, who has been on these trails along with Intach members, professionals and expats.Many of these trips have become popular as travellers are always on the lookout for something different. \"A regular guide won't be able to get you permission from the Archaeological Survey of India to visit Roman sites,\" says Suresh. What attracts people to these trips is the presence of people well-versed in the subject. \"There are not many knowledgeable guides,\" says author and historian V Sriram. He identifies historic trails in Chennai after careful planning and a few recces. \"I don't repeat my routes and have done 19 so far,\" says Sriram, who does oblige those who had missed a trail.What he looks for in a route remains unchanged. \"I look for human drama. There should be at least one crook, a nobleman, couple of song and dance sequences and a building with architectural value,\" says Sriram, who conducts walks for Chennai Heritage, a non-profit organisation. When there is no tangible heritage, as was the case when Sriram recreated the story of the power-wielding translators of the British Raj or dubashes, he relies on the dramatic appeal of the story.Once people get hooked, the level of interest also rises, says scholar Chithra Madhavan, who conducts weekly trips covering the historic Mylapore for Namma Mylapore, a cultural organisation. The same people who didn't know about the existence of a bronze gallery become fans of the world's best collection of Chola bronzes at the Government museum in Egmore, says Madhavan. \"The level of heritage consciousness is low. These trips act like a curtainraiser,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12038398", "title": "SP will back Congress on Muslim quota", "text": "LUCKNOW: Ahead of the final two phases of polls in UP, Samajwadi Party state president Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday said his party was ready to support Congress for 18% reservation for Muslims.The next two phases cover a chunk of the Muslim belt in UP. Akhilesh's statement is perceived as a clear attempt to tell Muslims he is serious about their concerns. At the same time, it's a bait for the Congress to equal SP's promise of 18% quota. Congress will not be able to do so. This, SP hopes, will wean away Muslim votes from the Congress, which is eating into its key votebank.\"We will back them if their endeavour is honest,\" Akhilesh said, adding, \"After we communicated this to the Congress, they developed cold feet and have not responded till date. Aaj bhi, agar poori imandari ke saath Congress party 18 pratishat arakshan dena chahiti hai Musalman bhaiyon ko, to hum poori tarah unke saath hai. (Even today, SP will back any such move of the Congress provided it is an honest and sincere one),\" he said at a rally.A few days ago Mulayam Singh Yadav had also said he was willing to support Congress, again reinforcing that Congress and SP are natural allies, something Rahul Gandhi has been at pains to deny right through his campaign.Mulayam later backtracked, but the wily Yadav had managed to get the message across. The SP hopes to cut into Congress' vote since floating voters may see little point in voting Congress when SP's chances to form a government in UP are brighter.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12039094", "title": "BSY will fall in line, says Eshwarappa", "text": "BANGALORE: Huge crowds milling about in the premises of state BJP chief K S Eshwarappa's residence on Saturday, a day after BJP national president Nitin Gadkari told ex-CM B S Yeddyurappa that there will be no change in the state leadership, says everything about the mood in the ruling party. In an interview, the Shimoga leader, who appears to have succeeded in neutralizing the threat from dissidents in the party, is confident that his colleague for decades, Yeddyurappa, will not quit the party at any cost. Excerpts:Will Yeddyurappa heed to Gadkari's warning to partymen to put a halt to dissident activities?Yeddyurappa was confused due to various reasons. When he was going through a bad phase nobody gave him strong advice and told him directly what he should have done. Gadkari's message to party workers, I am confident, will not be violated by partymen, including Yeddyurappa. But I want to make it clear that Gadkari's speech was not directed at Yeddyurappa. The message to fall in line was for everyone, from leaders to the cadre. MPs, MLAs and MLCs were present at the meeting and Yeddyurappa should not be singled out.But Yeddyurappa has threatened to come out with drastic steps on February 27, virtually implying that he might quit?Yeddyurappa has nowhere said that he will quit the party. He has made it clear that a decision and strategy will be announced on his birthday on February 27. I am more than 100% confident that he will not quit the party as he is a committed person. There's no secrecy about his bash. It was discussed at a meeting the day before the chintan manthan baithak.Will the party use Yeddyurappa for Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll campaign?There's no doubt he will participate in the poll process. He has never held himself back when it came to organizational matters. All his life he has never sat idle. He has not missed working for the party even once. He will surely play an active role in Udupi-Chikmagalaur bypoll and will be one of those responsible for the party winning the seat.Gadkari said that it is easy to tackle the UPA, but the BJP in Karnataka has become a headache. Has the BJP's image taken a beating?There is no confusion among booth or state level workers, nor is it there among MLAs/MLCs/MPs. Confusion lies with 5-6 people at the top. Some aberrations have caused a dent to the party. Gadkari himself voiced concern about the party affairs in Karnataka. We will abide by his diktat and rectify the mistakes. At the same time, Gadkari has also expressed his happiness over the performance of both Yeddyurappa and D V Sadananda Gowda governments.What mantra do you have for boosting party's image?We will continue to organize more and more of cadre and people-centric activities. People's expectations too are the same. They are ready to pardon us after the developments that have taken place in last three years.As a president of the state unit, have you failed to keep the party under control?In a democratic set up differences are bound to be present in all political parties. Organizational activities have been consistently taking place across the state. Despite confusion at the top, none of the seminars or conventions at grassroots level have stopped. All decisions taken at the party level are being executed on time. Booth-level committees have been successfully constituted.Some party MLAs have demanded the replacement of chief minister Gowda as he is seen as an indecisive leader. What should Gowda be doing to change this image?Basically, Gowda is a soft-spoken person. That does not mean he is not an effective leader. He has done a commendable job by keeping everyone in good humour and also looking into developments. All the legislators and MPs are happy with his way of functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038544", "title": "Old city residents plan signature drive", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of old Gurgaon want the same ease of connectivity through the Metro that their counterparts in new Gurgaon have. Pushing for their demand for extending the Metro services to the old city, the residents have now decided to launch a signature campaign. The campaign, to be started soon after Holi, will be aimed at getting one lakh signatures for the cause, and the signed sheet will later be submitted to the state and central governments.Mangat Ram Bagri, councillor of Ward No. 10, told TOI that the administration was treating old Gurgaon in a stepmotherly manner by not providing Metro services to the residents. \"Be it Delhi or any other city, the Metro line is constructed keeping in view the major railway stations. However, old Gurgaon has not been provided Metro services despite the fact that the railway station is here in this part of the city,\" Bagri said.He added that the Gurgaon railway station serves as the converging point for lakhs of neighbouring villagers, slum dwellers and people travelling to the city for work. \"It is unfortunate that even till now, the Gurgaon railway station has not been connected with the Metro,\" he said.Bagri, along with other councillors, has been demanding that the Dwarka-Airport Metro line be extended to Rajiv Chowk via Railway Station, Palam Vihar, Sector 22-23, Sector 5 and Bus Stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12039922", "title": "WRD to begin desilting Colva creek on Monday", "text": "MARGAO: Pursuant to instructions issued by the high court of Bombay at Goa to immediately start work of desilting the Colva creek, water resources department (WRD) carried out a site inspection on Friday, and has stated that they will begin work on Monday.It may be recalled that in November last year, the Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB), in its Colva creek inspection report, had recommended that the water resources department (WRD) should carry out de-silting of the creek and monitoring of its water quality.It also recommended that the state government should extend sewerage scheme to Colva and adjoining areas considering the development of tourism related activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12039243", "title": "Re-polling in Jaswantnagar on Feb 26", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission has ordered re-polling at booth number 300 in Etawah's Jaswantnagar assembly constituency. Fresh polling at the station will be held from 7 am to 5 pm on February 26.According to the prescribed procedure, mock polls have to be conducted at a polling booth to ensure that electronic voter machines are functioning properly. Subsequently, under the supervision of the presiding officer, the mock poll data is deleted, after which actual polling begins.A procedural lapse at the polling station in Jaswantnagar has compelled the Election Commission to order re-polling at the station. Senior Samajwadi Party leader Shivpal Singh Yadav is contesting from this assembly constituency.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039490", "title": "Goa's loss is Thailand's and Caribbean's gain", "text": "PANAJI: The election code of conduct has dealt a major blow to Goa's tourism economy even as foreign tourists are changing holiday plans and heading for other destinations like the Caribbean and Thailand.The tourism industry's fortunes have virtually gone into a tailspin with election code guidelines stipulating that no alcohol can be served to guests after 11pm. Wholesale liquor vendors have also downed their shutters in protest alleging \"harassment\" by election commission officials.This has resulted in a shortage of alcohol in restaurants and bars which are unable to meet requirements.\"It's a horrible time for us,\" said Lourenco Fernandes, who owns a shack on Calangute beach. \"Even if we serve guests alcohol or beer at 10.30pm, the police on patrol won't allow their glasses to be seen on the table after 11pm. Guests like to have a drink along with their meals. They're now having their meals within the four walls of their hotel rooms,\" he added.A foreign tour operator told TOI, on condition of anonymity, that an increasing number of tourists are cancelling their holiday to Goa.\"We have informed clients who had booked a holiday to Goa about the election code of conduct being enforced. Since they won't be able to get a full refund, we suggested they try out other destinations. Most of our clients have opted for the Caribbean and Thailand,\" the tour operator said.\"We are under a contractual liability and have to inform our guests that such a thing is happening in Goa. Most of our customers come on all-inclusive package deals,\" said Ralph de Sousa, spokesperson for the Travel and Tourism Association of Goa (TTAG).\"Restaurants, eateries and shacks on the beaches have been severely affected. Indian weddings booked in hotels are also toned down, leaving guests disappointed. A wedding package usually includes two outdoor nights at a beach shack with barbeque and fireworks, which are being cancelled due to reduced time availability,\" de Sousa said.John Lobo, general secretary of the Shack Owners Welfare Society said the business scenario is similar to end-of-season time.From P1\"It looks like we are in the month of May and have a few days left to pack up. We have paid fees for shack licences and excise licences for six months. The government should compensate us or refund the fees paid for the months where we are being denied business. The panchayat elections will be coming up soon. Are we going to face another similar shutdown due to another election code of conduct? The tourism season has come to a premature end,\" John Lobo said.De Sousa added, \"I do not know if the code of conduct guidelines for the panchayat elections will be the same, so I cannot comment. But, conducting the assembly elections in the middle of the tourism season has been disastrous and caused huge losses to the industry. I hope the government takes note of this and makes a strong representation to the Centre and election commission to never schedule an election date during Goa's tourism season. Also, local weddings and family functions, which are not commercial by nature, should be exempted by the election commission from such bans.\"Wholesale liquor vendors, meanwhile, have shut down business protesting alleged \"harassment\" by election officials. \"In the guise of the election code, we are being constantly harassed to produce accounts and statements. The election officials should raid election candidates if they suspect them of supplying liquor to voters and supporters during elections, not us, the business community. Election officials are government servants and they are scared of politicians, who they fear will target them after coming to power,\" a member of the Goa Liquor Traders Association said, requesting anonymity, stating he feared further \"targeting\" by election officials, said.Election officials, when contacted, said they were under intense pressure. \"We have been given information that candidates have tied up with certain watering holes to cater to their supporters at night. We are going as per guidelines issued by the election commission,\" an official said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12037906", "title": "Boy\u2019s death sparks row in city hospital", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Family members of a teenager on Saturday filed a complaint at Chandrasekharpur police station alleging negligence of Kalinga Hospital staff resulting in the boy's death four days after he injured one of his legs and fractured a hand in a road mishap.Nishant Patnaik, 17, a student of a private school in the city, died on Saturday after he was hit by a bus near Kalinga stadium on Tuesday.Lalatendu Nayak, uncle of the deceased, alleged that delay on the part of the hospital staff resulted in gangrene in his leg. Nishant die after his leg was amputated.Family sources said a police control room (PCR) vehicle took him to a clinic after the accident. Doctors plastered his fractured hand and advised him to be shifted to another hospital for better investigation of the kind of injuries in his leg. His family shifted him to Kalinga Hospital the same day.\"We were kept in the dark regarding the treatment and availability of doctors there. No orthopaedic surgeon was available to treat him on the first day,\" Nayak said.They hinted that his leg might have to be amputated on Thursday. But even after the amputation, he died because they delayed in taking a decision, Nishant's uncle added.Doctors who treated the boy described the death as unfortunate but defended the treatment in the hospital. \"He was extended the best possible treatment. But the nature of his injuries in the leg was such that it resulted in gangrene. After amputation the toxicity damaged the kidney and affected other vital functioning,\" a cardiac surgeon who attended on Nishant at Kalinga Hospital told TOI.Police said the case would be referred to a medical board. Further action will be taken on the advice of the board. Nishant was the son of a government servant posted in Keonjhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038941", "title": "Nurture all saplings with care: Sheila Dikshit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit asked the citizens to provide \"affectionate care\" to nearly one million saplings planted across the city under a special drive last year.\"Nurture all planted saplings with affection,\" Dikshit said while addressing the concluding session of a two-day workshop.The workshop was attended by representatives of 62 RWAs, officials of MCD, NDMC, PWD and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12037324", "title": "Finally, Salman Khan, SRK come closer", "text": "MUMBAI: Bandra could soon have the unlikeliest of neighbours, with Bollywood star Salman Khan purchasing a Rs 32-crore triplex flat a stone's throw from Mannat, the bungalow of his bete noire Shah Rukh Khan . The triplex, in an under-construction 28-storey building called The Address at Bandra Bandstand, is not far from Galaxy Apartments, where Salman currently lives with his parents Salim and Salma Khan.As per the stamp duty and registration documents, the triplex extends across 9,763 square feet, including including carpet, affiliated and parking areas. The documents show that the actor paid over Rs 1.64 crore as stamp duty on the market value of the flat, Rs 32 crore. Salman's father Salim Khan reportedly concluded the deal, but refused to comment. The builder is Dheeraj Realty.In September 2011, Salman had reportedly sold a ninth-floor flat, measuring 1,650 sq ft, in the 14-storey Sterling Seaface at Worli. The deal was for over Rs 6 crore. He is hunting for a buyer for another flat of similar size on the building's sixth floor.On September 1, 2011, TOI reported that Salim Khan denied reports that Salman had invested an undisclosed amount in an old building at Bandra's Carter Road, which he planned to redevelop with a builder. Salim also denied reports that Salman had purchased a four-bedroom-hall-kitchen penthouse at Carter Road for about Rs 20 crore in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "12037689", "title": "Warring Rayapati, Kanna put Meira in a spot", "text": "GUNTUR: Used to managing warring political parties and their members on the floor of the Lok Sabha, Speaker Meira Kumar is finding herself caught up in Guntur Congress politics where rivals, minister Kanna Lakshminarayana and local MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao are wooing her to take part in the programmes organised by them during her visit to the district on March 2.The Speaker is scheduled to undertake a three-day state tour from March 1 during which she will visit Krishna, Guntur and Nalgonda districts. While there is no confusion with regard to the programmes in the other two districts, finalizing the itinerary for Guntur district appears to be becoming a major headache for the Speaker's peshi as invitations from local strongmen are continuing to pour in.As per the original programme, Meira Kumar would unveil statues of her late father Babu Jagjivan Ram at Mangalagiri and Guntur. Senior minister Kanna Lakshminarayana's invitation to have lunch at his residence has also been confirmed. Both the programmes being organised by Kanna have reportedly secured the nod of the Speaker. However, realizing that he is being left out, Rayapati dashed off a letter to Meira Kumar to postpone the tour so that he too could organise some programmes in her honour. He reportedly informed the speaker that he might not be available in the city to welcome her on March 2 due to prior commitments and urged her to schedule her tour 10 days later.But with the Speaker's office not responding to his letter, the Guntur MP wrote another letter stating that a SC cell leader of the Congress party was busy making a statue of Jagjivan Ram and that it would be ready in 10 days time and that she should visit the district then and unveil both the statues of her father.In the meantime, suspecting foul play, Kanna has ensured that the district collector and special officer of municipal corporation send letters of invitations to Meira Kumar to participate in several developmental programmes including laying the foundation stone for a road-under-bridge (RUB) near the jute mill railway track in the state minister's constituency. In response, Rayapati's followers too are said to have forwarded invitations from the rural areas to the speaker seeking her time to participate in those programmes enroute Guntur. As it is custom for the LS speaker to take the local LS member along with her during the field visits, her peshi is now finding it difficult to adjust timings for the programmes proposed by Rayapati and to reject his invitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12039699", "title": "Chowkphatka, Chak Niratul areas seek AMC attention", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Residents of Chak Niratul and Chowphatka are facing acute civic problems but the Allahabad Municipal Corporation officials have turned a blind eye towards these woes. Speaking about the issues, a local Shyam Sunder Singh Patel said that roads in the locality are in a dilapidated condition and it becomes problematic for the commuters to move on such roads.Even the narrow lanes meandering through the locality are dotted with potholes. The drain passing through the area is also broken at many places and the water often spills on the road. The drains are also not cleaned as silt has not been extracted from them. No cleaning drive has been undertaken in the area for long.Though the people have demanded placement of garbage bins and large containers in the area so that garbage can be collected at these places, the AMC has not met their demand. Even the vehicles that collect garbage in the various localities of the city often do not reach Chak Niratul and Chowphatka area due to which garbage is not collected. People have also demanded that the dilapidated road near the Kali Mandir should be repaired and removal of liquor shop from the place.People have also complained about the poor street-lighting in the locality and demanded that all the fused lights be removed and replaced with new lights. Locals have also demanded supply of water from the newly constructed water tank at Jagmal Hata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12038810", "title": "NRHM Scam: CBI carries out fresh searches across 12 UP districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The CBI on Saturday carried out fresh searches across 23 locations in Uttar Pradesh in connection with the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam. The searches were conducted in 12 districts, including Lucknow, Varanasi, Gorakhpur, Shrawasti, Gonda, Ballia and Deoria, with focus on present and former Chief Medical Officers (CMOs) and their deputies who have been now been promoted. Premises of a number of contractors and suppliers of medical equipments and pharmaceuticals were also searched on Saturday.Two doctors and son of another doctor were detained by the police on Saturday. The searches, similar in nature, were underway at some of the places till late evening. Saturday's searches are understood to be fallout of the four fresh FIRs the CBI registered on Friday.In Lucknow, the CBI searched the residence of Dr R S Verma at Om Nagar, Dr S K Shiloiya in New Hyderabad Colony and that of Dr Harish Chandra in Sarojninagar area. While Dr Verma is the CMO of Varanasi, Dr Shiloiya is presently posted at Gorakhpur and has been allegedly involved in the bungling during his posting at Ballia as well.The residence of former CMO of Varanasi Dr K M Tewari was also searched. Dr Tewari's son Kshitij was asked to accompany the CBI team after the search of their residence concluded. Dr Tewari reportedly took the CBI team by surprise the moment they reached his house on Saturday morning when he scaled the boundary wall of his house and fled.In Shrawasti, the sleuths searched the district hospital records and in Gorakhpur the premises of Dr P P Verma was searched. Dr Verma, who is presently posted at the Gorakhpur District Hospital, was serving as CMO of Deoria when the misappropriation of funds was detected. Premises of Dr M M Khan was also searched. Dr Khan's involvement in the scam is allegedly related to his stint as CMO of Gonda.On Friday, the CBI had conducted simultaneous raids at 30 locations in 11-odd districts. While the Friday searches largely focused on contractors and suppliers of medicines and equipments to the government hospitals under NRHM, on Saturday the agency's thrust was on the doctors who had served as CMOs and deputy CMOs at the time the irregularities were committed.The searches are related to the Rs 22 crore bungling detected by the CBI during its preliminary inquiry into procurement of items, including medicines and surgical equipments, in 22 districts in Uttar Pradesh. Till date, a total of 12 FIRs are pending with the CBI in connection with the scam in UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038200", "title": "BIT-Patna students earn global kudos", "text": "PATNA: A prototype of an innovative air-conditioning system run by renewal energy, designed by two BIT-Patna students, has been awarded Bry-Air Awards for Excellence in HVAC &amp; R (heating, ventilation, air conditioning and research). Prestigious American Society of Heating Refrigeration and Air-Conditioning Engineering was also engaged in approving the awards.BIT-Patna has been given second prize. Pooja Mahanty (3rd year) and Saurav Murarka (4th year), both pursuing electrical engineering, had developed and submitted a hybrid air-conditioning system for consideration in October 2011. Bry-Air awards are presented annually to individuals and corporates who have made outstanding contribution to the HVAC &amp; R industry in terms of innovations in systems design or product design. The awards are sponsored by a multinational manufacturing company. This year the theme of the awards was \"Refrigeration &amp; Air Conditioning System with Renewal Energy.\"The awards were distributed at a function held in Bangalore on February 24.\"Our air-conditioning design, able to run both by electricity and solar energy, consumes 35% less electricity than conventional air-conditioning systems,\" Pooja said.Professor of mechanical engineering M A Hassan, under whose guidance the prototype was developed, told TOI over phone from Bangalore: \"It is a proud moment for us. It will give us encouragement to do better in future.\" Innovative designs are sought from across the country annually for the awards. The last date of design submission was October 31, 2011. The design was developed in the period of three months with a cost of Rs 10,000. Meanwhile, a two-day annual cultural programme for kids titled \"Right to Education and Value for All (REVA)\", 2011, was inaugurated by DGP Abhyanand on BIT-Patna campus here on Saturday.Over 200 students from 16 government schools and nearby slum areas participated in the event. The event was organized by around 100 budding engineers of BIT-Patna who go on weekends to rural areas to teach children in slums. These volunteers are associated with the National Service Scheme (NSS) of the institute.\"Many private schools going students discard their half-used copies, books and other study materials. It will come as a great help for the deprived students if you can collect such discarded items and distribute them among the underprivileged lot,\" Abhayanand urged the volunteers.During the daylong programme various cultural and literary programmes were organized at BIT-Patna auditorium.BIT-Patna director B N Giri said the event provides a stage to children who are deprived of facilities like students of private schools. It is an opportunity for them to showcase their talent.Various cultural programmes like painting competition, poetry sessions and group songs would be organized on Sunday. The prize distribution will take place on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12041425", "title": "Woman sets herself ablaze", "text": "HUBLI: A 24-year-old woman committed suicide by setting herself ablaze late on Friday night in Hulkoti village in Gadag district.Gadag rural police told TOI that the deceased is Geeta Prasanna Nayak of Hulkoti village. She was married to autorickshaw driver Prasanna Nayak. They both belonged to different castes and it was a love marriage.Police said husband and wife would often quarrel on petty issues. On Friday night too they had a fight and when Prasanna went out of the house for a while, a depressed Geeta set herself on fire. A complaint has been lodged at Gadag rural police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12044261", "title": "Indian Navy succeeds in pushing back pirates", "text": "KOCHI: The Indian Navy's action against the Somalian pirates off the Gulf of Aden has resulted in the seas on the Indian side being declared a safe area for merchant ships. \"Many ships have been taking the route off the Indian coast after the Indian Navy's strong action against the Somalian pirates,\" said Captain Pottengal Mukundan, Director, International Maritime Bureau Piracy Reporting Centre (PRC).Speaking to TOI, Captain Mukundan said that there have not been any incidents of Somali type hijacking in Indian territorial waters though in the last year (2011), 450 crew members have been taken hostage in Somali hijackings of 28 vessels. The IMB's Piracy Reporting Centre has been monitoring piracy worldwide since 1991.While refusing to comment on the recent killing of two fishermen off the Indian waters by two Italian navy men abroad the merchant ship, Enrica Lexie, Captain Mukundan said that the law of the flag state prevails on the vessel. It is also subject to the laws of the coastal state in whose territorial waters the vessel is in. These laws determine the carriage of armed teams and the rules under which they operate.He said that the issue of armed guards to protect ships from piracy attacks is being debated at the UN's International Maritime Organisation (IMO). Further discussions are likely to come up next month as the several countries remain apprehensive on the issue of armed men aboard a merchant ship.The IMO had issued interim guidelines on the employment of privately contracted armed security personnel on board ships transiting the high-risk piracy area off the coast of Somalia and in the Gulf of Aden and the wider Indian Ocean was approved by IMO's Maritime Safety Committee (MSC).According to a recent global piracy report by the IMB, piracy on the world seas has risen to record levels, with Somali pirates behind 56 percent of the 352 attacks reported this year. But there has been a fall in the number of hijacking which IMB credits to policing and interventions by international naval forces. \"Somali pirates are finding it harder to hijack ships and get the ransom they ask for. The navies deserve to be complimented on their excellent work: they are a vital force in deterring and disrupting pirate activity,\" said Captain Mukundan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039448", "title": "BJP leaders call on Thackeray Senior", "text": "MUMBAI: The state's key BJP leaders, led by Gopinath Munde , on Saturday made a beeline for Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's Bandra residence following BJP president Nitin Gadkari's recent statement that Matoshree doesn't route his calls to Balasaheb.Gadkari's statement indicated that all was not well in the Sena-BJP alliance, even after victory in the BMC elections . Gadkari had taken strong exception to Sanjay Raut's frequent criticism of L K Advani, Munde, Gujarat CM Narendra Modi and himself in Sena mouthpiece Saamna. A close confidant of Thackeray , Raut's editorial pieces are said to be a reflection of Thackeray Senior's views.Stating that Raut's Saamna articles lacked \"standard\" , Gadkari had said that such derogatory pieces won't help deepen Sena-BJP ties in the state. Apart from Munde, the delegation included Eknath Khadse, Sudhir Mungantiwar and Vinod Tawde. \"The BJP can't afford to antagonize the Sena at this point of time. The BJP wants a larger share in power in the BMC and the Thane civic body,\" said a party worker. \"Gadkari will meet Balasaheb after the UP polls,\" Munde said.The BJP quartet assured Sena chief that their party would not back the MNS in Nashik, it is learnt. The state BJP's core committee, which met later in the day, echoed identical sentiments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039723", "title": "BMC off its daily water supply hype", "text": "BHOPAL: Less than 24 days after supplying water to the city on a daily basis, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is learnt to have decided against it on \"expert advice\". However, the date to revert to supply water once in two days has not been decided.\"After being advised by experts and NGOs, we have taken a decision to go back to supplying water on alternate days, Mayor Krishna Gaur said. \"he BMC is not able to bear expenses of daily water supply,\" she added.Some residents had petitioned the Mayor about wastage of water due to daily water supply. \"We have taken into consideration their views too,\" the Mayor said. As it is, officials said, the corporation could only cover 60% of the city's population in the last 24 days. After three years, the BMC had started supplying water from February 1.The city receives water from three major resources, including Kolar dam, Upper Lake and bore-wells under the possession of the BMC. When the alternate day water supply resumes, the city will receive almost 45 million gallons of water per day (mgd). Of this, 25 mgd comes from the Kolar dam, 10 mgd from the Upper Lake and the remaining 10 mgd is pumped in from the Narmada after the alternate day water supply commences.TOI had underlined the impracticality of the idea under the current circumstances in a report on January 26, when BMC announced there would be daily supply to the city,.The Upper Lake was not filled to its capacity of 1666.80 feet in the last monsoon. Besides, water level in the Kolar dam too had not touched optimum level.In fact the Upper Lake would have reached its dead storage level by June I, if the BMC had continued to draw water from it for daily water supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038290", "title": "When street became the stage", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The water tank in one of the Charranagar chowks had turned into a makeshift stage on Friday. Sitting on mats laid on roads, more than 500 excited children from the area turned up to enjoy 'Suar chala space ko'. Roaring with laughter, they lapped up the story of a smelly pig and his friends who wanted to travel to outer space. Cheers ensued from all sides for the performers from the Gillo theatre group, who used shadows to tell a story as part of the Ahmedabad Theatre Festival (ATF).Cut to Jayshankar Sundri hall. On Saturday, Gillo staged the same play, but to a different audience. Cushioned seats are filled with children from various schools in Ahmedabad. The teachers and parents accompanying these kids sat equally enthralled by the play. Written as a puppet play, a product by children at a Gillo theatre workshop, touches upon friendship, taking responsibility and the 'swine flu'.It was all cheer and applaud for the play, however the experience at both the places have been different for the theater group.\"Though at Sundri hall, there were better lights and technical equipments, I must say that we enjoyed the Charranagar performance a lot more,\" said director Shaili Sathyu. \"Most of the props we use are toys. As the stage at Charranagar was open, right from the time we were putting up our set, curious kids were constantly playing with them.\" \"Children of Charranagar have constantly been involved in theatre activities through Budhan. Now, they can learn more through ATF,\" said a member of the Budhan group, the organizers of ATF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12038892", "title": "These stand out in the crowd", "text": "Audio booksAudio versions of 92 titles, non-fiction and fiction, including Peter Pan, The Hound of the Baskervilles, Immortals of Meluha and The Jungle Book, are on offer at Reado's stall in Hall 6. The publisher is also planning to make audio books available for download on the internet later this month.Free Quran copyThe Hall No 11's major attraction has been free distribution of the Quran with hundreds of visitors queuing up for a copy. The Salaam Centre, Bangalore, as part of its project \"Free Copy of the Holy Quran for People of all Faiths\", will be distributing 30,000 copies free of cost at the book fair. They have already distributed more than 1.5 lakh copies in six languages .Promoting MangaThe Japan Foundation has dedicated their entire stall to manga comics - over 500 books, including 42 new titles. Though only for display, it features mangas, action figures based on them, and even costumes inspired by them. There's \"One Piece\" that has sold 2.5 billion copies in Japan alone and the uniform of D. Gray-Man on show. Assistant director of Japan Foundation, New Delhi, Machiko Yamamura, said, \"Selling is not the aim as manga collections are available in the market; this is a promotional initiative. We have a library at Lajpat Nagar where members can issue books for free.\"Quran readerA digital reader of the Quran caught people's attention at the international pavilion on Hall No 7 of the fair. It's manufactured in China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12038878", "title": "Farooq Abdullah justifies Afzal verdict", "text": "JAMMU: Union minister Farooq Abdullah on Saturday said Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru has to \"pay the price for attacking India'' amid demands for granting clemency to him.\"As an Indian, I feel that anybody, who worked against the country, must pay the price,'' he told reporters in Jammu. ``Anybody, who acts against India, should not be spared.'' But he said people should wait for a response to his mercy plea that is with the President. ``Let us wait for the decision. India is a democratic country...but anybody who speaks against India will not be tolerated.''Independent legislator Sheikh Abdul Rasheed had tried to introduce a resolution seeking clemency for Guru in the state assembly last year. He has said he would try to take up the issue again.Farooq's son and Jammu &amp; Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah had last year expressed his concern over Guru's possible execution, saying that it could have implications on the state. \"Death sentences should satisfy legal needs, not public perception,\" he had said. \"...death sentences only convert convicts into martyrs.''The former J&K; CM slammed Hurriyat leaders for their ``anti-India campaign'' and accused them of \"double speak''. \"They save their skin with their double speak,\" he said. \"Syed Ali Shah Geelani, Mirwaiz Umer Farooq, Dr Farooq Abdullah all are Indians,'' he said. ``If they do not consider themselves as citizens of this country, then why are they carrying their identity in Indian passports?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038482", "title": "Meet stresses on taking food processing technology to villages", "text": "PATNA: A Food Processing Investment Summit held here on Saturday stressed on reaching the food processing technology at the doorstep of farmers to help them to add value to their agriculture produce and develop ability to reach markets.The summit was held in the backdrop of Bihar's agriculture cabinet initiating a second agriculture road map for development for the next five years with a 10-year vision document, that is to be implemented from April 1, 2012, and the state government's Food Processing Policy for converting farm produce into value added products for economic empowerment of farmers.Agriculture minister Narendra Singh stressed on the role of traders and entrepreneurs in transforming agriculture produce into virtual gold through food processing and efficient marketing. The summit was jointly organized here by Assocham and Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC). BCC president O P Sah conducted the meet, while Assocham, Bihar Development Council, chairman Ravi Wig delivered the welcome address.Singh appealed to traders, entrepreneurs and farmers to work in close coordination to get the best out of agriculture produce by using food processing technology and avail the subsidies provided by government. Industries minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha stressed on training farmers in food processing at panchayat and block levels.Joint secretary, food processing, central government, Ajit Kumar, said Bihar government has the best food processing policy in the country, which entrepreneurs shouldutilize, and also get central subsidies. He stressed on private sector investment in cold storage for which 50% central subsidy is available. He suggested framing a calendar for farmers' training for processing agriculture produce at the panchayat and block levels. Principal secretary, industries, C KMishra, said the base for food processing has to be strengthened and the growth story has to be scripted well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039282", "title": "Some colour for dazzling eyes", "text": "What would you do to stand out in a crowd when everyone has been resorting to the latest trends in apparels and accessories? The young and hip in the Tricity go beyond the best brands to outstand among friends and rekindle the magic of their eyes. And if you thought it was kajal or traditional surma, eye shadow, mascara and eye liners they use, rework your knowledge on what's in vogue.To turn their eyes hypnotic, youngsters today opt for contact lenses, available in various shades. The coloured contact lenses, when matched with the right make up and one's skin tone, give girls a chic look. The trend reveals it's not just being fashionable, but sporting a different look, that is on youngsters' mind today.Sunaina Sharma, a model from Sector 27, says she has a huge collection of contact lenses in the shades of red, blue green,grey and black. \"They not only add to your look but help you stand out in a crowd with matching eye shades.\"Kanchan Verma, a II year fashion designing student from Sector 31, says, \"It's hard to look different these days as everyone picks up the latest brands have to offer. So, in such situation, lenses are some thing which make you look stylish and different as well.\"\"If we can sport matching heels, accessories, scarves, hand bags and make up, then why not the lenses? I remember I was the only one wearing lenses in my fresher's party and got many complements for my eyes. I had to do nothing much to make heads turn,\" says Leena Singh, BBA-I student from Sector 15.For MA final year student from Sector 11 Manyata Kapoor, it is the fascination with her mother's and brother's natural green eyes that lured her into buying herself a pair of green contact lenses. \"Whenever we go out for a family function, I make sure to wear these in order to match their beautiful eyes. It makes me look trendy as well.\"While the trend has a larger craze among girls, there are a few boys too, who opt for colourful eyes.Amrit Rana, model cum actor from Mohali phase IV says he first experimented with a pair of blue lenses for a photo shoot. \"I was impressed with my look in those photographs and since then, I have collected grey, black, green, hazel and blue lenses. I wear them for shoots and parties.\"Expert saysRekha Machal, a Sector 41-based beautician cum make up artist, suggests a few tips to keep in mind when buying a new pair of contact lenses to make sure they add to one's hotness. \"If you wish to look glamorous in lenses then make sure you select the right colour. And the right colour wouldn't be the one which matches your clothes, but the one that goes with your skin tone,\" she says.Once you have the right pair of lenses, they have to be complemented with the correct eye make up or else you would certainly stand out in a crowd, but only for the awkward looking eyes, adds Rekha. \"If one wants the lenses to stand out, then the eye shadow should be in a contrasting shade. And one should check out what sort of look, soft or bold, does a pair of lenses add to his/her personality. The respective look should be sported with the clothes as well for a complete get up,\" says Rekha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038270", "title": "1200 turn up at BCCI bowler hunt camp", "text": "RANCHI: Cricket greats are in the state to find another Varun Aaron , the fastest bowler among the Men in Blue, among 1,200-odd wannabe pacers and spinners.The organizer for this first-of-its-kind talent hunt, Ranchi District Cricket Association (RDCA), was itself surprised at the overwhelming response of promising players who turned up not only from different districts but also from other states at the JSCA International Cricket Stadium here on Saturday. RDCA sources said that the camp was essentially meant for selecting promising players and they had no objections if players from other states also wanted to utilize the platform.On behalf of BCCI, while former left arm fast-medium pacer Karsan Ghavri monitored the pacers, Sandeep Patil remained busy with the spinners. The daylong exercise of selecting the best among the applicants concluded with selecting five who are likely to be exposed to fresh bouts to prove their talent. Muktesh Kumar of RDCA said that the registration process was completed on Saturday and on Sunday no new applicant would be entertained. \"On Sunday, the selection process would continue,\" he said.Asked if the Bhas plans to select any given number of players, Kumar said that they were not given any specific number. \"We are hosting the talent hunt camp and it now depends on the BCCI how many bowlers are picked up,\" he said.BCCI sources said that instructions were issued to bar the players who have already represented the state or have played bigger tournaments from appearing in the talent hunt because the idea was to pick fresh blood. The bawlers selected in the camp are not going to be incorporated in team India straight as the BCCI plans to make a pool of promising players and use them according to need. JSCA officials said that after selection the bawlers would be groomed up by expert coaches before being included in any team.Abhay Pratap Singh, one of the five selected, said that he was equally happy and nervous. \"I have to continue with the pace while not losing sight over line and length to retain my place in the eyes of selectors,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039068", "title": "Brazilian models allege harassment by agency", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has lodged two cases against a modelling agency on the orders of the Delhi high court in what may blow the lid off an international drug and trafficking racket.The cases were lodged after HC asked the CBI to investigate allegations made by two women from Brazil, who moved the court. In their petition the duo told HC they were lured to India by the agency for lucrative modeling contracts but were instead treated like slaves, forced to \"dress indecently\" in parties organized at Chhattarpur farmhouses and compelled to do a \"lot of acts against their wishes\".A shocked Justice Mukta Gupta had, earlier this week, gone through the petitions, which said the embassy of Brazil had arranged for the women to safely return home, after they sought their help, fleeing from alleged captivity. In view of the seriousness of the allegations made, Justice Gupta also asked the home ministry and the external affairs ministry to submit a report while ordering CBI to verify the allegations. The petition has offered to arrange via video-conferencing testimony of the two foreigners in case the court deems it fit to record their statement. Standing counsel for the centre, Sumeet Pushkarna, assured the bench the ministry will take action and report to the court.According to the women, in December last year they came to Delhi after signing a contract for modelling assignments with the agency, in which they were assured of a stipend of dollar 2100 per month. Soon after they arrived, however, the agency shifted them to a farmhouse in Chhattarpur where they were confined for the next three months, the petition says.The women alleged they were denied food and even forced to live along with dogs and cats in a small room. When their repeated pleas to the agency went unheeded, the duo plotted their escape and managed to flee the farmhouse on February 7 this year, hiding for a few days till they mustered courage to approach HC. While the petition sought police protection to be safely escorted to the international airport, the court was later informed the duo had already left the country.Soon after the models arrived, the agency shifted them to a farmhouse in Chhattarpur where they were confined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038917", "title": "Govt to help make fair an annual event", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ministry of human resource development proposed to make the biennial New Delhi World Book Fair an annual feature. Inaugurating the 20th edition of the fair at Pragati Maidan on Saturday, HRD minister Kapil Sibal said the ministry is ready to provide the financial assistance needed to make this happen.\"The New Delhi World Book Fair has emerged as the biggest book fair in the Afro-Asian region, and I feel that the National Book Trust should now make it an annual affair as they have the capability,\" said Sibal.Saying the popularity of book fairs is a sign of a vibrant democracy and free society. \"Our mission is not just an inclusive society, but an inclusive learning society. I would want every child in the country to have an Aakash, and access information free of cost,\" added Sibal. Sibal released an International Rights Catalogue on Indian Cinema and three books in Braille titled Cinema of Satyajit Ray , Balraj My Friend and Dada Saheb Phalke .The book fair, apart from hosting the largest number of Indian publication houses ever, has the largest number of international participants, four pavilions, and more than 140 related events, making this the biggest fair in the country to date. Noted historian and chairman of the NBT and the organizer of the fair, Bipan Chandra said MHRD is ready to fund the annual event. The trust is facing a resource crunch and looking forward to more sanctions in the 12th Five Year Plan, he added. \"NBT at present doesn't have adequate manpower to manage such an event annually.\"The first day of the fair saw people browsing through books exhibited at about 2,500 stalls of more than 1,300 exhibitors. Theme pavilion on Indian Cinema and the children's pavilion emerged as the favourites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039408", "title": "Raising the curtain on drama class", "text": "MUMBAI: The annual play is usually the extent of theatre in most schools in the city. Often it's an event that parents impatiently endure and kids enjoy but years later recall with painful embarrassment . But schools in Mumbai are gradually taking theatre, and other arts such as cinema and visual arts, more seriously. Whereas once these activities were pursued after school hours, they are now being incorporated into daily timetables, and professionals are being hired to teach them.Theatre Professionals, a company of theatre practitioners, has been teaching drama in schools since 2008. Co-founder Jehan Manekshaw says that their agenda involves using drama as a vehicle for studying subjects in the syllabus. \"For example, if students are studying tribal cultures then we plan theatre exercises which explore that,\" he says. \"The aim is confidence-building and socialisation skills. The push is on drama as process rather than end product.\"The South Indian Education Society (SIES) commissioned Theatre Professionals two years ago. At a reunion in 2007, a group of exstudents from the 1969 batch decided to pay tribute to their school by providing Class Nine theatre training. Radha Ramaswamy, an ex-student based in Bangalore, who does drama workshops that follow Theatre of the Oppressed techniques, says that when she was a teacher at Mount Carmel, she saw how \"theatre could make learning come alive\" . The classes have been so popular that even students of Class Ten, who usually avoid all extra-curricular activities to focus on the final exam, demanded them. \"The arts should be integrated in everything we do in school,\" she says. \"They should not be seen as stand-alone subjects. They should inform an approach to education.\" A large proportion of SIES's students come from Dharavi. \"These are children who have never been exposed to anything like this,\" says Ravi Ramakantan , Ramaswamy's batchmate and a doctor in Mumbai. \"The headmistress tells me that on drama class day, the children never bunk.\"Most schools that have the arts in their curricula follow the International Baccalaureate and IGCSE boards. Some CBSE schools too have incorporated the arts into their curricula after the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) introduced a syllabus that included theatre, music, dance and the visual arts in 2008.Sananda Mukhopadhyaya is a member of Theatre Professionals and teaches independently at B D Somani International School, which offers the IB programme. Theatre is one of the items students can choose for their sixth subject. \"It's a learning process for me as well,\" she says. \"I can decide that I'm going to look at nautanki and then an Ibsen play and then butoh from Japan. The students go through process of learning history and becoming culturally sensitive. They learn what the relevance of art is.\"Priya Srinivasan runs The Pomegranate Workshop, a company that teaches film appreciation and public speaking in schools and runs independent workshops on drama, film-making and storytelling. \"Schools are definitely becoming more open to the arts,\" she says. \"They feel that children need to be more informed. IB and IGCSE boards have a larger awareness with regard to these forms. But even ICSE schools are reaching out even though the syllabus doesn't require it.\" Pomegranate teaches film appreciation at Shishuvan, an ICSE school in Matunga, to students from Class Three to Class Eight, exposing them to the greats of world cinema from Jacques Tati to Abbas Kiarostami . \"The kids respond in a very visceral way,\" Srinivasan says. \"They are reacting to landscape and story. They're riveted by it.\" Schools have also shown interest, she says, in workshops on radio plays.The enthusiasm of schools for the arts is providential for practitioners as it means making a living doing what they enjoy. Most theatrewallahs, for instance, can't afford to do theatre full-time . Many work in fields such as advertising and television and pursue drama on the side. \"We come in at the cost of full-time teachers,\" Maneckshaw says. \"The idea of not having to go outside the field of theatre to earn a living is a big appeal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039777", "title": "'Land acquisition undemocratic'", "text": "INDORE: Farmers in the Pithampur- Betma industrial cluster area, who are against the government's move to acquire their land for construction of the proposed Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) called on Indore MP Sumitra Mahajan in the city on Saturday to express their reservation over the issue.The Kisan Sangharsh Samiti is up in arms against the government's move as they feel that the people living in the area are opposed to acquisition of their land for the ongoing DMIC project. Later, a memorandum to this effect was submitted by members of the samiti, including Rajendra Sharma, Tapan Bhattacharya and SK Dube. They have termed the acquisition process as undemocratic one. They alleged that their land was openly being offered by the government for sale or purchase to the corporate sector.The farmers feel barren forest land measuring 657 hectare in the area could have been used for the corridor in place of their multi-crop land measuring 804 hectare being acquired. Also, the farmers want the already untilized industrial land under Pithampur, Sagore, Bagdun and Ghata Billod could be well utilized for the purpose. They contend that vast land was lying vacant in Indore city due to the non-functioning of sick industrial units, which again could be utilized.Interestingly, Mahajan is heading a parliamentary panel which is looking into the amendment required in the Land Acquisition Act, 1894.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038456", "title": "Shell out Rs 1000, get photostat of PU exam copies", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) students may get a photocopy of the evaluated answer-book of their last university examination on payment of some charge. A regulation to this effect was passed by the PU senate at its meeting held here on Saturday. As per regulation, photocopies of answer-books shall be provided to examinees without disclosing identity of the examiners.The fee for photocopy of each answer-book shall be Rs 1,000 per paper. Request for photocopy of answerbook must be made to the examination controller within 10 days of the publication of result. Request for rectification of any unevaluated portion of the answer-book will be considered by the university but no query regarding re-evaluation of answerbook shall be entertained, the regulation provides.The senate also approved the modified format of \"Uniform draft ordinance and regulations governing the award of Ph D degree by the state universities of Bihar\" received from the chancellor's office. It also approved the amendments in Ordinance and Regulations of various courses including B Ed, M Ed, M Sc in herbal chemistry and PG diploma in clinical psychology.Senators who participated in the deliberations included V S Dubey, Umesh Mishra, Arvind Nishad, Usha Sinha, Ram Updesh Singh, Ranbir Nandan, Rabindra Kumar, Arun Kumar and Raghu Ram Sharma. PU history department teacher Amar Nath Singh, B N College history teacher P K Poddar, Magadh Mahila College teacher Pushpanjali Khare and B N College Geology teacher Abhay Prakash were elected to the Patna University syndicate from different categories of teachers' constituencies.From the non-teachers' constituencies, those elected to the syndicate are Mahabir Das (uncontested), Sudhakar Singh, Nitish Kumar Tantan and Abdul Qayum Ansari. B K Jamuar of Ancient Indian History and Archaeology department, Birendra Prasad of Botany department and D K Singh of Medicine department were elected to the PU academic council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "yanam", "code": "12037749", "title": "Minister for CBI probe into Regency Ceramics violence", "text": "YANAM: Union minister of state for culture, planning and parliamentary affairs V Narayanaswamy on Saturday demanded that the Puducherry government should seek a CBI inquiry into the large-scale violence that took place in Regency Ceramics Company in which two persons, a union leader and the vice president of the company, were killed last month.The minister alleged that the government has not taken any action though the incidents took place almost a month ago. Accompanied by former Puducherry chief minister B Vaidyalingam, Puducherry PCC president AV Subrahmanyam and Yanam MLA M Krishna Rao, the Union minister visited Yanam on Saturday and unveiled Regency Ceramics Company's vice-president KC Chandra Sekhar's statue at an old age home here. He demanded that the Rangaswamy government make efforts to reopen the industry and ensure that good relations prevail between the workers and the management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "strategic clashes between superstar egos have always been a subject of talk in world sport. some of the jibes legends have made at each other are now the stuff of lore. for example, pele versus zico, or pele versus romario has enthralled fans in brazil and around the world for the longest time. here's a sample", "code": "12039411", "title": "It\u2019s not just cricket egos", "text": "Strategic clashes between superstar egos have always been a subject of talk in world sport. Some of the jibes legends have made at each other are now the stuff of lore. For example, Pele versus Zico, or Pele versus Romario has enthralled fans in Brazil and around the world for the longest time. Here's a sample:Pele: \"Zico will never leave Brazil, where he makes good money, and he will never adapt to the hard football that is played in Italy.\"Zico: \"From Pele's head and from a baby's butt you never know what will come out.\"Pele: \"Lately, physically he can't practice anymore. He should quit because he is still Romario. I quit when I was champion.\"Romario: \"Pele with his mouth shut is a poet.\"Snipes are often par for the course for legends are extremely sensitive about guarding their turf. How else will you explain clashes between one time mentors and favorite wards like Diego Maradona and Carlos Bilardo, or David Beckham and Alex Fergusson. While Bilardo was instrumental in Maradona losing the Argentina coach's job following the quarter final exit in the 2010 world cup and has not spoken to his former student since, Alex Fergusson lost faith in Beckham soon after his marriage to Victoria, which, according to Sir Alex, had turned Beckham into more than a football star. Beckham, post marriage, had to accommodate celebrity demands in his life and was eventually forced to leave Manchester United as a result of his fall-out with a boss who once kicked a shoe at the football star, hurting him in the eye.Sport is also replete with instances of star players disagreeing with their captain on strategies, often ending in serious discord within the team. The best example of such a disagreement was between Douglas Jardine and Gubby Allen over the Bodyline strategy. Allen, a man of the establishment, was forthright in declaring that Bodyline was against the spirit of the game and Jardine had overstretched his brief by forcing his bowlers to target Australian bodies. Jardine on his part was relentless in his singular pursuit of winning the Ashes, which he did by defeating the Australians 4-1.Sehwag and Dhoni then aren't in poor company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037209", "title": "Three die in city building collapse", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three people died when a building collapsed in Monda Market on Saturday afternoon. Tragedy struck when a portion of an under-renovation shop came down on a group of hawkers, killing three on the spot. One more person suffered serious injury in his leg.Located in the lane adjacent to the local police station, the commercial space, which housed 'Punjab Hotel' until sometime ago was being demolished to make way for a new structure. The mishap took place at around 3.30 pm. According to eyewitnesses, the frontal wall of the decades-old building came crashing down on the street vendors (selling their ware right outside it). With hawkers trapped under the debris, it took the local police and municipal workers over three hours to pull their bodies out from beneath the rubble.The victims, G Srinivas (30), Mohammed Safiullah (30) and Bhikshapathi (35) were shifted to Gandhi Hospital where they were declared brought dead.Apart from the three, hospital authorities said another person M Naganath (45), a physically-challenged person, suffered a fracture in his leg.According to EMRI officials, two more are believed to be still trapped under the debris.\"I was at an adjacent shop when I suddenly heard a thud. When I reached the spot I saw that the building had collapsed.\"From the condition of the structure it was evident that the people standing around it would have died in the crash,\" said Sitaram Raju, a small-time local tradesman.As many as 50 Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) workers, a team of senior officials and 25 CISF jawans were deployed to carry out the rescue operation. Three JCB machines had been brought to the site for the job.The Monda Market Police booked a case against the shop owner under Sections 304 (A) and 304 (Part II).A case was also booked against the contractor for illegally carrying out the demolition, said Ch Srikanth, deputy commissioner of police, north zone. \"The hotel was recently bought by a group of four people - Raju Modi, Mahavir Jain, Manikchand Jain and Nirmal Jain.\"They were illegally demolishing the building with the shutters down. No precautionary measures were taken while executing the work,\" said BV Gangadhar Reddy who is the deputy municipal commissioner of Secunderabad Circle.Apart from GHMC and police personnel, a fire tender stationed at Secunderabad too was rushed to the site to assist in retrieving the bodies.Collector Gulzar Natrajan announced Rs 50,000 each to the kin of the three deceased under the 'Apathbandhu' scheme and said the government would bear the cost of treatment of the injured person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039949", "title": "From Assam, two writers in the shadow of insurgency", "text": "COIMBATORE: Manikuntala Bhattacharya is a prolific writer. And her struggle against all odds in her home state Assam has made her achievement even more note-worthy. Author of 15 novels, five short story collections, two children's novels and four collections of poetry, Manikuntala has also written scripts for television including a popular show on Doordarshan, \"Gateway\".\"My fans think of me as a poet, but my critics think of me as a novelist,\" she said, when asked how she was perceived in Assam. Manikuntala has been a vocal critic against the social evils in the state. \"Belief in witches is a big evil in Assam. If someone is ill in a household, people believe enemies have cast a spell against them and various rituals are held to ward of the evil witch. My husband, who is a judge, sees many such cases in his daily life,\" she said. Manikuntala has also written a novel hinting at the evil.When asked about the insurgency in the state, she remarked that it was a thorn on the government's back in Assam. \"But in recent years the menace has been curbed, thanks to some strict measures taken by the government. But even today, youth in remote areas and villages want to join the ULFA,\" she said.Manikuntala has dealt with the ULFA problem in one of her novels. \"Before talking about any issue, I research a lot and make my story convincing. I believe in doing field work,\" she said. She has won an award for her work on mobile movie theatres in Assam. Her work entitled \"Moin Desdimona Hob Khojo (I want to be Desdemona)\" won the award given by Assam Sahitya Sabha.Saurav Saikia, who is also an Assamese poet, works differently. He has seven collections of poetry to his credit. \"He writes about nature, love for people and girls,\" said Manikuntala, teasing her fellow writer from Assam.Both agree that the floods that ravage the state regularly have hampered development. \"We are in the process of developing the state. But most people think the government is highly corrupt. So we will have to wait and watch,\" said Saikia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12038297", "title": "Akhilesh vows to fight crime", "text": "NOIDA: Akhilesh Yadav's decision to hold his first rally in the city near the Yadav dominated urban villages of Sarfabad, Basai, Garhi Chaukandi was surely not coincidental. In an attempt to woo urban voters, the SP scion promised to bring down the crime rate in the state if the party came to power. Countering Mayawati's charges that SP would bring back 'gunda raj', Yadav said that crime has risen manifold under BSP's governance.The debutant Noida Assembly seat has 1.5 lakh urban voters and 2.5 rural voters. Keeping the rural-urban divide in mind, Yadav spoke about issues that were common to both the classes. \"The law and order situation has worsened in the district with an increase in petty crimes like mobile thefts and chain snatchings. People are afraid to venture out of their houses in the evenings,\" he said.Opposing Mayawati's remark that under the rule of SP the state will be reduced to a state of lawlessness, Akhilesh said that BSP had fabricated many criminal charges against SP party workers. \"Mayawati put our party workers in jail and many of them suffered physical violence for our cause. Our party will ensure that crime is brought to a halt. We will punish criminals even if they are party workers,\" he asserted.To improve the law and order situation, the needs of the police force need to be addressed, said Akhilesh. \"If their concerns are not looked into, they will find other ways of making ends meet. First-class training should be imparted to police personnel. Food and accommodation must also be taken care of,\" he said.Speaking about critical issues like development, employment and water, Akhilesh said that the corrupt Mayawati regime had eaten into all the funds allotted by the Centre. Furthering the attack on his political rival, he said, \"Elephants are everywhere in the district. This is the first time I have seen the chief minister of a state erecting statues of herself,\" he said.Akhilesh, who heads SP's Uttar Pradesh unit admitted that he wants to attract voters on the lines of development and not merely caste equations. Speaking on creating more employment opportunities, the SP scion said, \"Once we come to power, we hope to bring back the big industrialists to help the state's economy grow and widen the job market. Many projects have been out on the backburner as a result of bad governance,\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039792", "title": "'Raise kids' moral standards'", "text": "INDORE: Inspector general of police (Indore range) Anuradha Shankar on Saturday said that not all crimes could be checked with lathis. Instead, the IG further said, parents, especially mothers, should focus on proper upbringing of children and infuse moral values in them.She was talking to a state Congress delegation, which submitted a memorandum to her alleging police inaction on rape cases in the state.The memorandum was presented by Congress leader Satyanarayan Patel and Madhya Pradesh Mahila Congress president Archana Jaiswal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "12038186", "title": "He's got the recipe to pull crowds", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: Visitors to a restaurant in Sarabha Nagar got a special treat as they met the familiar chef, Sanjeev Kapoor , whose television shows have given many their special recipes. The renowned chef said he has close ties with Ludhiana since he started his first restaurant in the city in 2000. As he reached the restaurant, Sanjeev was welcomed by an exuberant crowd of food fans, most of whom have been making his recipes at home.\"It is always great to come back to Ludhiana. People of Punjab have a great understanding of taste and I acknowledge the city for accepting my recipes,'' said the celebrity chef. The crowd forgot their food and scampered to get his autograph and a picture clicked with him.\"I watch his shows every week and often cook what he teaches on his shows. Meeting him in person felt great,'' said Harjit Kaur Bhatia, a resident of Kailash Nagar.Sahil Sachdeva, of Haibowal Kalan, said he got interested in cooking by watching Sanjeev's shows. \"For someone like me getting his autograph was satisfying,'' he said.Model Town-resident Sunanda Sharma said she had randomly walked into the restaurant for lunch with her friends and never expected to bump into Sanjeev.Jaspreet Kaur, who stays in Civil Lines, was disappointed that she was not able to talk to the chef. \"Just as I was entering the restaurant, Sanjeev was getting out. There was no time to talk else I would have surely asked him to share some of his latest secret recipes,'' she said.Franchise owner of the restaurant Harjinder Singh Kukreja said Sanjeev's visit to the restaurant was special. \"He is an asset for our restaurant. We look up to him in running our restaurant and while serving our clientele,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12039863", "title": "UHM\u2019s 75th anniversary today", "text": "KANPUR: One of the oldest government hospitals of the city, Ursala Horsman Memorial (UHM) Hospital will celebrate the 75th anniversary of its establishment on Sunday. The celebrations will be marked by a felicitation ceremony of trainee nurses. The doctors, officials and the workers of the hospital will also be awarded for their services.Various colourful events will be held and a souvenir will also be as part of the event. The hospital came into the existence in 1937 and named after the wife of Sir Henry Horsman, Ursula Horsman. The hospital has been catering to the needs of hundreds of patients everyday and it is the only district hospital having the MRI and dialysis unit.\"The celebrations will start from morning, while the chief guest district magistrate will be present in the evening programmes. The event will be inaugurated by health director Ramji Lal. Several medical authorities including chief medical officer, will attend the function,\" UHM chief medical superintendent AK Nigam said. A special slide show to highlight the achievements of the hospital in the past 75 years will also be held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037834", "title": "One killed 3 injured in LPG cylinder explosion", "text": "JAIPUR: An LPG cylinder caught fire and exploded at a cooler manufacturing unit at Vyas Colony in the Shastri Nagar area on Saturday. One of the labourers working in the unit was charred to death while three others were injured in the accident.The incident took place in the afternoon when at least two dozen labourers were working on boiling the paint used in colouring coolers after they are made.\"The deceased was identified as Jeevan Kushawaha (20), a native of Uttar Pradesh, who got grave burn injuries and succumbed to them on the way to the hospital. Three other labourers were rushed to the Kanwatia hospital,\" said a police officer.Jeevan was staying at a rented accommodation and was working at the unit. His body was kept at the mortuary of the hospital and his parents were informed about the accident.On the reason behind the explosion, a senior police officer said, \"It appears that the cylinder was leaking and the labourers initially ignored it, and when some of them attempted to light the burner to boil the paint, it caught fire and exploded.\"The police said that the residents of the colony also cooperated with them in helping the injured reach the hospital.Initially, the people of the colony got scared on hearing the loud explosion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12044028", "title": "700 bottles of smuggled liquor seized", "text": "NEW DELHI: The excise department of Delhi government has seized around 700 bottles of liquor and confiscated three cars that used to smuggle the alcohol into the city, besides arresting three persons allegedly involved in the case.A joint team of Excise Intelligence Bureau and police seized the liquor bottles from Mehrauli and Okhla Industrial areas.The liquor stock included 368 imported liquor bottles and they were being brought to Delhi in an unauthorised manner, officials in Excise department said.Three cars used to smuggle the liquor were also confiscated, they said.Three cases under section 33 of Delhi Excise Act have been registered against the accused, they said.The foreign liquor bottles were of various brands such as Chivas Regal, Fuel Vodka, Nine Hills White Wine, Nine Hills Red Wine and Blender Pride.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039483", "title": "Giving a canvas to young artists", "text": "For the last two months, Rm Palaniappan has been busy coordinating with 60 young artists to get their art work down to Chennai. For the regional secretary of the Lalit Kala Akademi, it was a huge responsibility as his centre was organizing the Regional Art Exhibition after a gap of 10 years. \"In December, we got an order from the centre in Delhi directing us to revive the regional art exhibition, which used to be an annual event in the early 1980s,\" says Palaniappan. \"It was discontinued because it was losing out to the much larger National Exhibition of Art which is organised every year.\"The exhibition, which was inaugurated on Friday, features the works of upcoming artists from the four south Indian states, Puducherry, Maharashtra and Goa. Palaniappan and his team contacted a senior artist in each of these states asking them to recommend artists aged below 40. \"Getting in touch with artists such as P Gopinath, S G Vasudev, Sirpi Jayaraman and Sudhakar Chavan was the easiest way to identify young talent,\" he says. \"Since many of the senior artists are professors at institutes, they were able to suggest new names.\" It took a lot of emails and phone calls to collect bio-datas and put together the catalogue, but it seems to have been well worth the effort. \"The regional exhibition is a good way to gauge the art scenario based on the works of upcoming artists and document the current trends,\" says Palaniappan. For example, based on the entries that they have received, art works from Karnataka tend to be more figurative with human or animal representations.\"In Tamil Nadu , one can see more abstraction and the art work is more concept based,\" he says. For artists like Chennai-based artist K R Aneesh, the Akademi's initiative has opened up new venues. \"There is very little gallery space in the city where new artists can display their work,\" says Aneesh, whose His work titled, 'Adaptation According to the Situation' is on display at the gallery.\"It also gives us an opportunity to see the works of our contemporaries.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037667", "title": "Shatabdi-like train to NJP", "text": "KOLKATA: The first day-time train between Kolkata and New Jalpaiguri is likely to be flagged off by chief minister Mamata Banerjee on February 29. This was a long-standing demand.It will be a Shatabdi-like train, say sources. But it is yet to be decided if it will leave from Sealdah or 'Kolkata' station in Chitpore.The existing trains take 8-9 hours for the 573km trip. The new train could cover it in seven hours, say sources. The route will be the same as Darjeeling Mail or Padatik Express but a timing will be worked out when there is less traffic.\"We are working on the details. It will be a superfast train with few stops. The composition is not final but it will have only chair cars . The train may leave Kolkata early in the morning and reach NJP by late afternoon. The corresponding train from NJP may start in the afternoon and reach Kolkata by 10pm,\" an official said.Officials feel that the train will not only be popular among professionals and businessmen but also tourists who don't find it convenient to travel by night with families.\"There are trains like the Darjeeling Mail and Padatik Express between Sealdah and NJP. In addition to this, there are several Assam-bound trains from Howrah that pass through NJP. In spite of this, there is always a rush in trains bound for NJP as it is an important business centre as well as a link to tourist destinations like Darjeeling and Sikkim. All these trains are night trains though. While some people prefer to travel overnight, there are many who would prefer to travel to and from NJP by day,\" an official said.This has to be done as there are stretches in the Northeast Frontier Railway jurisdiction where doubling of tracks is required. The journey time goes up in single line sections as trains have to wait for those from the opposite direction to cross. . We already have a Shatabdi running upto Ranchi. There is also a Jan-Shatabdi running between Howrah and Patna. These trains have the same schedule (the Patna Jan-Shatabdi leaves Howrah in the afternoon) and are quite popular. The South Eastern Railway also runs a Jan-Shatabdi to Barbil from Howrah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "12038122", "title": "Khambhat cop suspended for negligence in rioting", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Anand district superintendent of police (DSP) has suspended in-charge police inspector (PI) of Khambhat for alleged negligence in duty in connection to the communal clash that had erupted at Akbarpur area of Khambhat town.J S Chudasama, who was handling the charge at Khambhat rural police station since last four months, has been suspended as the senior cops believe that he could have taken preventive measures to stop the communal clash in the town.It was on Thursday noon that nearly 40 persons, including three policemen, were injured in the communal clash that had erupted in the town after two groups of people from two communities came face to face over construction of shops on the land owned by Waqf board. The police have already registered an offence against 50 accused from both the communities.\"The PSI could have taken preventive measures as a day before the communal clash, a mob from both the communities had come face to face in the same area. If there was a strong action on Wednesday itself, the situation could have been brought under control,\" DSP Rajendra Asari told TOI on Saturday.Sources suggest that on Wednesday night after the police control room received the information regarding the skirmish between the two groups, Chudasama was contacted. But instead of handling the situation, it is alleged that Chudasama reported that no skirmish had taken place.Police sources suggest that the day before the situation aggravated resulting in a full-fledged riots, one person had got injured in the skirmish that occurred on Wednesday night.On Thursday noon, the riots broke out after heated arguments between members of the Chunara and Muslim communities which resulted in violence leaving six residential premises burnt. The mob that attacked each other by lobbing petrol-filled bottles and acid bulbs was brought under control by the police which had to fire two rounds in the air and lob tear-gas shells to disperse the mob.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037460", "title": "Plans afoot to revive cultural complex", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eight years after its launch, the state government's department of culture is now trying to breathe life into the multi-purpose cultural complex (MPCC) at Madhapur. The state art gallery at Kavuri Hills has to deal with a cash crunch owing to its high maintenance costs but the MPCC project simply failed to take off and was put on the backburner in 2004 owing to a paucity of funds.However, with the state government now sanctioning Rs 1 crore towards its construction, the MPCC project might just be revivified. This project was conceptualized not only to promote arts, dance, crafts and music but also to promote culture and tourism in the state. Work on the MPCC began in 2004 but stopped after a few months due to lack of funds after the central government pulled out of the project. In what was the initial plan, the project, which was to cost Rs 6 crore, was to be funded equally by the state and central governments. However, the two partners could pool in only Rs 1 crore each and soon, in the absence of central government funding, the onus fell on the state government to complete the project.The MPCC is to come up on the state art gallery campus and a plot of three acres had been exclusively allotted for the project. Sunita M Bhagwat, the department of culture director, said that they have been trying to come up with a strategy to resurrect the project.\"The department's technical committee has already carried out inspection at the site for the project. We have also asked architects to draw up a fresh estimate of the total construction cost. We are expecting the figures to arrive within the next 15 days. Accordingly, we expect to start the work soon.\" The director believes that the MPCC should open by this year end.The MPCC would have art galleries, accommodation for artists and guests, space for cultural programmes, exhibition halls and auditoriums.Department officials said that they were also trying to set up the State Art Gallery as a self-sustaining facility. Currently, there is a wide gap between its annual turnover and operational expenses. \"We do not want to depend on government funding any more. We want to make the state art gallery a self-sustainable and profitable model,\" Bhagwat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037343", "title": "Tiger papers", "text": "The mood in the dark recesses of Karnataka's state department of archives is one of anticipation and anguish. For nearly five weeks now, the department has been awaiting clearance from the government to go ahead with the purchase of a unique treasure trove from the British government - some 200-odd documents pertaining to the reign of Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan of Mysore, Kittur's queen Chennamma, the Marathas and the British. And even though the state hasn't been open about the wisdom behind procuring these documents, sources believe this could be a clincher for Karnataka in its age-old border disputes with Maharashtra and Goa, particularly over Belgaum.These documents have been lying with the British Library's India Office Records for centuries now. In 2010, the state government constituted a team to visit France and the UK to identify documents stored in libraries and archives there that could be vital to the understanding of the history of places that lie within modern-day Karnataka. The team, which included the secretary of the department of Kannada and culture and the then director of the Karnataka state archives, Usha Suresh, chanced upon this cache of records in the 'Private Papers' section of the India Office Records in London. \"It was former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa's idea to bring back documents from foreign libraries. He was personally involved in this project and had allocated a sum of Rs 25 lakh for the venture in the last budget. After that began the process of exchanging emails between us and the British Library,\" says Kanchi Varadaiah, the director of the state archives. But the project was in limbo for a while due to a change of guard in the government. The state had a new chief minister, a new secretary, and a new chief of the archives department. Then things once again started moving, and in December last year, Karnataka identified the documents it wanted and officially sought the transfer of the same.The lead curator of the India Office Records, Penny Brook, visited the state recently to personally check if the department has the facilities for safe-handling of the documents. She is learnt to have been satisfied by what she saw and \"expressed willingness to transfer the documents in the form of microfilms\". But the British Library has asked for Rs 5 lakh as initial deposit to facilitate the transfer of some of the documents. Varadaiah says that the government's approval has been sought for the amount.\"After their clearance, the advance will be paid to the UK authorities. We hope to lay our hands on the documents soon, \" he says.It's believed that these documents would throw new light on how the Mysore 'tigers' - Hyder Ali and Tipu Sultan - managed their kingdoms, dealt with agrarian crises, and conducted revenue administration. Some of the papers also talk about the offensive and defensive alliances entered into by various kingdoms, which frequently changed power equations in southern India. The documents of the Kittur kingdom are perhaps more important, given the fact that in India, records about this kingdom are few and far between. Kittur was annexed to the British empire in 1824 under the English law of inheritance, which was eventually codified by Lord Dalhousie as the Doctrine of Lapse. And its ruler, Rani Chennamma, had become a martyr fighting the British, 33 years before Rani Lakshmibai became famous for a similar feat.But what has got Karnataka more excited about this unfolding affair is the possibility of these documents helping it make a stronger claim over Belgaum. The district has been a bone of contention between Karnataka and Maharashtra since the 1950s, when the States Reorganisation Act gave the district to the state of Mysore amid protests by Maharashtra. In the 1960s, the Supreme Court constituted the Justice Mahajan Commission to settle the dispute. The commission gave 264 villages to Maharashtra and 247 to Karnataka, but rejected the former's claim over Belgaum city. There has been no peace between the two states ever since. The place has had a turbulent history with too many powers staking claim over it in different periods. The Ratta dynasty, a branch of the Rashtrakutas, can be credited as the builders of the modern city in the 13th century AD. Then came the Yadavas of Devgiri, the Delhi sultans, the Vijaynagar rulers, the Bahmani sultans, the Adilshahi rulers of Bijapur and the Mughals under Aurangzeb; but with the weakening of Mughal authority, the Maratha Peshwas took control of the place. In 1776, Belgaum was overrun by Hyder Ali's army. But once again, this control proved to be short-lived, as the Marathas wrested back the region from Mysore. In 1818, however, the Marathas themselves were defeated and the district was integrated into the presidency of Bombay.But not all historians agree that a decades-old boundary dispute could be sorted out on the basis of historical documents. Pune-based historian Ninad Bedekar says that if Karnataka can produce historical evidence, Maharashtra, too, can do the same. \"There are more Marathi speakers in Belgaum than Kannada. The Marathas had control over this region ever since the time of Shivaji. But it was Hyder Ali alone, a Kannadiga, who had fought by the side of Marathas against the British under Warren Hastings when even the Bhonsle of Nagpur, a Maratha, colluded with the English. The key to harmony lies in the unity of the people. Our forefathers understood it. Sadly, we've forgotten it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12037902", "title": "Will join politics at right time for right cause: Robert Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Businessman Robert Vadra has said that he will join politics at the \"right time for the right cause\" with the consent of his family and that his wife Priyanka Gandhi should also enter public life.In an interview to Zee news, Vadra said just as in his case he would not be pushed, Priyanka's entry into politics will be decided according to the need to do so at a particular point in time.The interview is one of many Vadra has recently given in which he speaks about his political plans. Political circles point out that he has done so even after Priyanka indicated that his business interests are likely to keep him busy. \"It is preconceived that anybody who is in politics is there with a wrong intention. No matter how much I am pushed, I want to join politics at the right time for the right cause,\" Vadra said.\"There is a right time for everything. I will join politics with my family's consent. And once I do, I will remain unfazed by the expectations of the media and the people,\" the Gandhi family son-in-law said.He repeated that the current phase of family participation in politics was Rahul Gandhi's. \"I will definitely say that the current time belongs to Rahul Gandhi. I reckon throughout his life, he has been dedicated towards the development of Uttar Pradesh, the entire country and the people,\" he said.Vadra said he was essentially a \"simple person\" and that he has never used his wife's prominence to get anything in life. \"I am grounded I do not want to touch the sky,\" he said.He also touched on his estrangement from his family after marriage. \"I was tough on my family in issuing the legal notice to disown them because unlike me they could not cope with the pressure. But, it hurts when their death and suicide are linked to it. There was a 10-year gap,\" he added.Assembly Election 2012Uttar Pradesh Elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12042181", "title": "Six members of a family burnt alive", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Six members of a family were burnt alive when their hut caught fire at Banaldih Tola in Rangamatia village in adjoining Seraikela-Kharswan district late last night, police said.A kerosene lamp was suspected to have caused the fire, Police Superintendent Upendra Kumar said.Kumar, who rushed to the spot soon after the incident, told PTI that all of them were burnt in their sleep.Besides the parents, the victims included two teenaged daughters and two minor sons.They were identified as Mohan Soren (55), his wife Sombari (45), their daughters Lakhi (16), Rani (14), sons Hari (10) and Kartik (7), Kumar said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039698", "title": "Voteswagon: Voter turnout in assembly elections is on a rise", "text": "Every election in India busts some cliches . As Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Punjab and Manipur record high voter turnouts in Election 2012, poll pundits - used to set patterns like ''anti-incumbency factor'' and ''caste calculations'' - are struggling to make sense of this surge. They are busy guessing the outcome of the elections, though the real story lies in the polling booths and their long queues.But 2012 is not an exception; voter turnout in assembly elections has been on the rise in recent years. In 2011, too, Assam, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Puducherry had witnessed a record turnout. In 2010, Bihar stunned everyone with a jump of 9% in turnout compared to the 2009 general elections.So what does this sharp rise in the number of votes cast, especially in states like UP, really mean - for the political parties, their representatives, individual voters and the country? Why is the Indian voter showing faith in elections at a time when there is an anti-politician mood across the world, particularly in the West. Some see it as a triumph of democracy. ''Irrespective of the results, in spite of the supposed cynicism and disenchantment, the high voter turnout is first and foremost a vote for democracy. Secondly, it teaches us the lesson that the true vote of confidence in democracy exists not in the drawing-room chatterati but in the aam aadmi and the average citizens who take the trouble to physically express their faith in democracy,'' says Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi.Only a few months ago, when the nation was in the grip of Anna Hazare's anti-corruption movement, the entire political class and the system run by it looked discredited. But now, with long serpentine queues at polling booths, the politicians are back in business . ''The people know that they can change any government and unseat any leader through the power of the ballot . Let us be very clear. India will be governed by political parties and elections. There will be no military coup or, after Indira Gandhi's experience, Emergency ,'' says BJP leader Ravi Shankar Prasad.But that doesn't mean that people have blind faith in the political class or are not voting for caste or community. ''There is a need to elect leaders who are not only genuine but could also deliver the goods by giving corruption-free governance at a time when everyone is upset over issues like price rise and irregularities,'' says Nidhi Sharma, a 21-year-old student in Roorkee who voted for the first time in the Uttarakhand polls that registered 67.22% turnout. Even in far-flung hill constituencies like Yamunotri and Gangotri - it'd have been freezing over there - more than 70% voters cast their ballot.No political party in India, though, has a patent over corruption. All of them have a blemished record. So the Indian voter, too, has learnt the art of cutting a good deal for himself in what is largely a bad bargain. ''Caste may be the dominant concern for most voters, but I am voting for development. The party, or candidate, that can give me better educational facilities in my constituency is the one I will vote for,'' says Shoaib, a college student in Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039469", "title": "We will have both Mopa &amp; Dabolim, says Praful Patel", "text": "PANAJI: The Mopa airport in North Goa airport will come up keeping the Dabolim airport operational, said Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) general secretary and ex-civil aviation minister Praful Patel who was in Goa campaigning for the Mapusa NCP candidate Ashish Shirodkar.Patel participated in the door-to-door campaigning for Shirodkar. Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of the campaign, Patel said that the proposed international airport at Mopa in Pernem will co-exist along with Dabolim airport. He also exuded confidence that the NCP-Congress government will come back to power in Goa.\"We have good co-ordination between both parties, we have fielded a good combination of candidates, we have youth, women, and experienced candidates in fray,\" Patel said.He also stated that the NCP stood for legal mining. Legal mining will be protected, he said. \"We want to continue with legal mining. The mining industry has been here for the last 60 years, and it has become tradition and a lot of families depend on it,\" he said. Touching the regional plan issue, he said that the RP 2021 should be approved taking all the stake holders like Town and Country planning, environment activists, social activist, planners in to confidence.He also said that his party was all for high technology industries setting shop in Goa.\"We want to see that more hi-tech industries come to Goa. Goa has a good literacy rate and solving the unemployment problem will be the top priority of this government,\" he said.NCP state president Surendra Sirsat, councillors supporting Ashish Shirodkar and other leaders were present for the campaigning.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037444", "title": "TRS to stay away from Assembly till bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) legislators have decided to stay away from the ongoing budget session of the Assembly till March 18, the day when bypolls to six seats in Telangana region (and one in coastal Andhra) will be held. \"We will take the Telangana state issue to the people's court,\" TRS MLA, T Harish Rao said at Janagaon on Saturday.TRS had disrupted proceedings of the Assembly for four days since the budget session began on February 13, demanding that the House pass a resolution seeking creation of Telangana state. Subsequently, the opposition party's legislators were suspended from the House for a day on February 17 and later for two days on February 22 and 23 as they continued with their protest. The TRS has 12 MLAs besides an associate member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12040089", "title": "Excise officials seize liquor worth Rs 1.6 lakh", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik branch of the state excise department recovered a huge stock of liquor that was being smuggled into the city. According to JB Patil, superintendent of the state excise department, Nashik, the total liquor stock seized is worth Rs 1.56 lakh.Patil said that the action was taken in the early hours of Friday in the Ghodi Pada valley, ahead of Ojhar Khed village in Trimbakeshwar tehsil.The excise department sleuths were on a strict vigil in the area considering the chances of illegal liquor stock being smuggled into Nashik by this route.At around 3am on Friday, the flying squad sighted a vehicle passing through the ghats of Ghodi Pada. On checking the vehicle, the squad found as many as 100 liquor boxes being smuggled into Maharashtra from Daman.The flying squad detained the driver and passengers in the vehicle, Pandurang Sakharam Bangad, Arjun Ghatal and Sakharam Laxman Ghayal, all residents of Chauri Pada.Among the confiscated liquor stock, were 60 boxes of beer worth Rs 72,000, 40 boxes of country liquor worth Rs 76,000 and one box of whiskey worth Rs 7,200.Patil said the total stock confiscated was worth Rs 1.56 lakh. Apart from this they have also confiscated the vehicle that was carrying the illegal goods. The vehicle is worth Rs 5,50,000.The action was undertaken under the guidance of divisional deputy commissioner YM Pawar, superintendent JB Patil, inspector Suryakant Pathak, additional inspector Mengal and others of the state excise department, Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12037627", "title": "Decks cleared for first test of 5000-km range Agni-V missile", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has begun final preparations for the first test of its most-ambitious strategic missile, the 5,000-km Agni-V, which will prove to be both a technical as well as logistical challenge.The Agni-V, which will bring the whole of Asia, 70% of Europe and other regions under its strike envelope, will be tested from Wheeler Island off the Odisha coast towards end-March to early-April, top defence sources said.\"We are almost ready for the test. There are no technical glitches or problems. It's more of a scheduling and logistical issue now since the missile will travel halfway across the Indian Ocean ,\" said a source.\"Countries like Indonesia and Australia as well as international air and maritime traffic in the test zone will have to be alerted a week or 10 days before the test. Moreover, our warships, with DRDO scientists, tracking and monitoring systems, will have to be positioned midway and near the impact point in southern Indian Ocean,'' he added.The nuclear-capable Agni-V, about 50-tonne in weight and 17.5-metre tall, is bound to generate waves. Once the three-stage missile becomes operational by 2014-2015 after \"four to five repeatable tests\", as promised by DRDO, India will break into the exclusive ICBM (intercontinental ballistic missile) club that counts just US, Russia, China, France and UK as its members.India could have gone for a higher strike range but believes the solid-fuelled Agni-V is \"more than adequate'' to meet current threat perceptions and security concerns. The missile can, after all, even hit the northernmost parts of China.With a canister-launch system to impart higher road mobility, the missile will give the armed forces much greater operational flexibility than the earlier-generation of Agni missiles. \"The accuracy levels of Agni-V and the 3,500-km Agni-IV (first tested in November 2011), with their better guidance and navigation systems, are far higher than Agni-I (700-km), Agni-II (2,000-km) and Agni-III (3,000-km),'' said the source.India, of course, cannot match China in terms of its vast nuclear and missile arsenals, with missiles like the 11,200-km range Dong Feng-31A even unnerving the US. But missiles like Agni-IV and Agni-V will certainly add teeth to its credible minimum nuclear deterrence posture.The Agni missiles will get deadlier once MIRV (multiple independently targetable re-entry vehicles) payloads for them are developed. An MIRV payload on a missile carries several nuclear warheads, which can be programmed to hit different targets. A flurry of such missiles can hence completely overwhelm BMD ( ballistic missile defence) systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12044327", "title": "Four killed after being hit by a goods train", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four persons were killed after being hit by a goods train in Gorakhpur district, police said here today.The dead bodies of Alok Kumar (40), his sister-in-law, Reena (30) and her children Ashish (4) and Ritik (3) were found on the track in Sahjanwa area of Gorakhpur yesterday.Alok allegedly had illicit an relationship with Reena due to which he had dispute with his brother. Police is probing the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "12038629", "title": "Neuro-surgery course at Bokaro General Hospital receives accreditation", "text": "BOKARO: The neurosurgery department of the Bokaro General Hospital (BGH), which has performed 300 surgeries in a year, has now received accreditation from the Diplomate of National Board (DNB) to conduct super-specialty course.The neurosurgery department of the BGH has become the first among the hospitals run by different public sector undertakings (PSU) in eastern India that will conduct DNB course on neurosurgery.A team of DNB, which recently inspected the hospital and assessed the performance of the neurosurgery department, has provided the accreditation. \"The BGH is already providing DNB courses in eight subjects including medicine, surgery, gynecology, anesthesia, radiology, pediatrics, bone and eye, but getting accreditation from the DNB for neurosurgery is a matter of pride,\" said A K Singh, the BGH director.The Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL), which runs the BGH, is in a process of developing the hospital into a medical college, for which initial formalities have been completed by the hospital management. The neurosurgery department, which serves as a referral centre in this region, has brought huge fame to the BGH in the past few years.Singh said the management had developed the neurosurgery department into a centre of excellence by providing hi-tech equipment and other facilities. More than 5,000 patients suffering from different kinds of diseases related to brain and spine visit the department, while at least 300 neuro surgeries are being performed in a year.Singh said, \"A doctor who has passed masters in surgery will be selected for the neurosurgery course through central counselling system conducted by DNB.\"In the past one year, the neurosurgery department of the BGH has come up on the map of medical tourism of the country and many Chinese and Afghan patients visited the place for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12039261", "title": "Pugs top entries for dog show", "text": "MOHALI: Here's an event that's a must visit for Tricity pet lovers. Kennel Club Mohali have organized a dog show on Sunday in Yadvindera Public School (YPS).Talking about the dog show, president of Mohali Kennel Club G S Sandhu told TOI that around 300 canines of 52 different breeds from various parts of the country would be participating in the show. Sandhu stated that rottweilers would be the main attraction of the show, along with some rare breeds.Sandhu also added that champion dogs from various parts of the country that had won most of the dog championships in various international competitions would also be arriving in the show.The show would be judged by Peter Martin from Adelaide (Australia) and Rajinder M Salvi from Vadodra. Maximum entries have been received in the category of pug breed. According to the Mohali Kennel Club officials, this time they have also focused on the entertainment part during the show for which they have specially organized best junior handlers and women handlers.Among 52 breeds of canines that are expected to walk the ramp during the show are rottweiler, lhasa apso, German shepherd, pug, newfoundland, pug, great dane, English mastiff, Tibetan mastiff, labrador, English pointer, Basset hound, Afghan hound, beagle, shih tzu, dashound, boxer, golden retriever, cocker spaniel, chihuahua, saint bernard, miniature pinscher and pit bull.During the show, dogs will be judged for various factors like coat size, temperament and agility, among others as per the standard set by the Kennel Club of India (KCI). Earlier, the show was slated for January 29, but the same was deferred because of the Punjab state legislative assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12042950", "title": "Fresh row over Shah Rukh Khan's bungalow; plea filed in Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy over Shah Rukh Khan's palatial bungalow 'Mannat' has reached the Supreme Court with the filing of a petition alleging violations by the megastar while constructing his dream house.The petition has alleged that there were violations of archaeological laws and coastal regulation zone in the construction of Mannat.Simpreet Singh and Amit Maruand of Mumbai approached the apex court challenging the Bombay High Court's order which had dismissed their petition against Khan.The high court had, on January 28, dismissed the PIL filed by the duo and imposed a cost of Rs 20,000 on them saying that it was a \"publicity petition\".The PIL had alleged that the actor had constructed the building inside the compound of his bungalow in violation of environment and heritage laws.Khan had, however, contended that there was no violation of rules and the construction was allowed by the municipal body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12038439", "title": "Pregnant woman bleeds to death after sterilization", "text": "BHOPAL: A 35-year-old pregnant women bled to death in Madhya Pradesh's Balaghat district earlier this month while doctors were trying to sterilize her as part of the state government's vasectomy-sterilization drive.This comes days after CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan was forced to call an urgent video conference last week warning district collectors to ``implement family planning only through counseling'' amid widespread complaints of forced sterilization.Rekha Wasnik, a poor labourer's wife, died on February 9. But her post-mortem report was released on Saturday that described ``external and internal bleeding'' in her uterus from injuries caused by a sharp and pointed instrument as the cause of her death. The report said she was 12-week pregnant with twins -- both girls - when she was operated.Reports said an anganwadi workers had taken Rekha, a mother of six, to Balaghat the district hospital on February 9 for sterilization. The woman died hours after she began bleeding on the operation table.Sources in the district said sheer negligence killed Rekha, as no checkup was done to see if she was fit to undergo sterilization. Normally pathology tests are done before a woman is sterilized which was not done in this case. There are no records any blood or urine tests having been done on Rekha.Dr Anita Parashar, who operated Rekha, told TOI that she made the first incision and found she was pregnant. ``So I stitched her up and told her to undergo an abortion.'' Dr Parashar claimed that she left the hospital soon after and received a call later to inform her that the woman was feeling unwell.The hospital quietly sent her body for post-mortem. But by then, word had spread about the issue and local Congress workers held a demonstration with Rekha's body at the hospital gate till the next morning. ``We refused to move the body from the gate till the administration assured that action will be taken against the erring doctor and medical staff. But a fortnight later now, nothing has been done,'' said one of the protestors, Anoop singh Byas, adding the post-mortem report appears to have been delayed with purpose.``We took the issue to the superintendent of police as well, but we were told that both the district collector's report and the post-mortem report are needed to register a case. They have delayed the post-mortem till Saturday, and the collector has told us that he sent the file to the state secretariat for instructions from the secretariat,'' Byas added.Balaghat district collector Vivek Porwal refused to comment on the issue, saying he was busy at the state assembly, which does not function on Saturdays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039576", "title": "Promises and feedback: A day in the life of Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: \"Are you a big political leader? What are you? Left, right or centre?\" These were questions hurled at Manohar Parrikar by a Polish tourist as he was having his morning tea at Relax Inn in St Tome, while on his campaign trail.The BJP's chief ministerial candidate's response was sharp. \"I am left centre\", he told Michael Modestowiscz, who then retorted: \"Congress is right, BJP is...?\" The leader of opposition answered, \"Congress is corrupt and BJP is against corruption\", between sips of sgarless black tea.At Pelican apartments the base of the Altinho slope, CCP councillors Maya Talkar and Shubhada Dhond were waiting for Parrikar to commence his door-to-door campaign.Parrikar, travelling in an Innova, reached the spot at 8:45 am. As he got out of it, he requested the two women to support him.As he started his campaign, he landed at noted architect Edgar Rebello's doorstep. His wife opened the door, and said to him, \"Best of luck, but our voting is in Delhi.\" Parrikar was unperturbed- \"I need your help in other matters,\" he said.A little later, Parrikar found himself in a former schoolteacher's flat. Ritu Coutinho doubted the Panaji MLA on the MOI issue. \"Don't worry, I will handle the issue properly,\" Parrikar assured her. After a brief argument, Coutinho demanded that as and when Parrikar decided to solve the issue across a table, she (Coutinho) should be invited. Parrikar agreed.As he went about the city to meet voters, he distributed his manifesto for the capital city -both in English and in Marathi- as well as his visiting card. And as time and distance went by, more and more Parrikar supporters joined the house-to-house brigade.As his campaign reached Fontainhas, classroom windows at the neighbouring People's High School flew open, and children eagerly began watching the former CM move from house to house.One prominent citizen told Parrikar that the people had taken a collective decision for change, and wishedthe politician all the best.However, not all was hunky-dory. One woman complained to her MLA about the garbage near her house. Parrikar, tech-savvy as always, was quick with his response- \"SMS me your name and place and I'll take care of it.\"Although campaigning is serious business, Parrikar didn't lose his sense of humour. Trudging up the Altinho slope, he remarked to his supporters that if he keeps doing that, his sugar level will go down. On the flip side, \"my energy level goes down climbing hills,\" he said.His next stop was tea at St Tome. \"You have me tea just at the right time, when my sugar level was about to drop\", Parrikar joked with the owner of the cafe.Ten minutes was all he could spend there- soon, he was back to his campaign. When he met some fisherwomen, he asked them for the price of fish. \"Rs 100 for four mackerels,\" they replied. \"When the BJP comes to power, fish will be cheap,\" he said.Parrikar wound up his morning with tea and batatawada at Anandashram. Parrikar's next step was to take feedback.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12038900", "title": "The man who saved 150 lives", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Kyaa Aag thaa! (What a fire it was!),\" exclaims Pervez Ahmed, a shop owner and secretary of the Russel Market vegetable merchants' association, whose alacrity averted a major human catastrophe during the Saturday blaze in the marketplace.Pervez was one of the first who noticed the fire around 3 am. Swinging into action, he alerted the over 150 daily wagers who were fast asleep in the nook and corners of the market, before alerting beat policemen.The six-hour blaze gutted about 174 shops and destroyed truckloads of vegetables and fruits that had arrived for weekend trading. However, no casualties were reported, thanks to the prompt response from Pervez among others.Speaking to the STOI, Pervez said that they were lucky that the fire broke out in the early hours. It would have been a calamity had it occurred during the day, when thousands frequent the market, he added.The market springs to life on Saturday a couple of hours earlier than on other days as there will be a huge increase in the quantity of vegetables and fruits arriving as the stocks have to last for the entire two-day weekend.\"We had sipped tea. Tangavelu, a loader, exclaimed that there was a fire. It was around 3 am,\" Pervez recalled. Pervez noticed the fire in shop numbers one and two first. These shops are located in the middle of the left side of the building.\"Immediately, I ran around the market, waking up labourers who were fast asleep. About 15 of us also tried to put out the fire by throwing small bucketfuls water which were lying around to be used to wash flowers and jute sacks lying about. But the flames leapt up and began spreading to other shops. We had to run out,\" Pervez explained.Four fire tenders arrived first. As the blaze continued to rage more tenders joined them.The news of fire spread and other shop owners began arriving. But they had to stand by helplessly outside the market gate and watch their means of livelihood literally go up in flames.\"We could smell the burning of vegetables, dry fruits and flowers. How do we now resume our business as we don't have a shop,\" said Siraj Ahmed, owner of shop nos five and six.Siraj's grandfather Abdul Karim started a vegetable and flower business in the market 1932. \"We supply vegetables to star hotels and IT industry canteens,\" Karim explained.Kurappan Sendil, a daily wager at Russell Market since early 1990s, said, \"Saturdays are hectic for us as we have to clear stock for two days. I sleep inside the market and use public toilets. This place has been lifeline. Where do I go tonight,\" asked Kuruppan, who found shelter in the market as an orphan.Market that never sleepsRussell Market remains a beehive of activity after dusk settles down. As shop owners pull down the shutters, it turns home to nearly 200 men, most of whom work as daily wage loaders.Once the owners leave, these men snuggle under shop tables and corner places for the much needed lap after a day long physical labour. These men have no home. They have made market their home for decades. They have credit arrangements with nearby hotels, kabab centres and lassi bars.They also turn good Samaritans as they give away vegetables and dry fruits lying about the place to beggars.There are also other activities that go on in the market after dark. \"At nights, we segregate unsold products. We also unload fresh vegetables that arrive. People indulge in barter trade, as unsold flowers, fishes and rare vegetables are exchanged,\" Chand Pasha, who performs small jobs for shop owners on a contract basis, said.\"I haven't seen this place taking a break in all my 60 years business life. But today, this looks like a graveyard ,\" Pasha rued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040008", "title": "College students come up with green charter", "text": "PUNE: Need for vernacular architecture (methods of construction which use local resources and traditions), rainwater harvesting, resolving traffic problems, public transport, purification of river water, plantation of native tree species and countering air pollution were some of the issues discussed by students at a 'green conference' at the Vasundhara International Film Festival on Saturday.Around 150 students from various colleges participated in the event. They were joined in the discussions by 25 experts and 12 officials from the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).\"The resolutions on these issues, which are entirely from the perspective of the youths, are being incorporated in a green charter. The charter will be fine-tuned by the experts and the final version will be submitted either to the PMC or to state government officials. We want to go beyond the ambit of a film festival and initiate action in a big way,\" said Virendra Chitrav, festival co-director, at a press conference on Saturday afternoon.While students from the BN College of Architecture pushed for promotion of street markets and bringing back architectural identity, those from the Maharashtra Institute of Technology voiced the urgency for improvement in the PMPML bus service and creation of an alternate public transport system. Students from the College of Engineering, Pune, raised the need to reduce air pollution via traffic control and better traffic planning.Students from Abasaheb Garware College's department of microbiology stressed the importance of better waste management, sewage treatment and cleaning up of the Mula and Mutha rivers, while those from the college's zoology department highlighted the need for plantation of indigenous , rather than exotic, tree species. Protection of hill sides, declaration of biodiversity parks and establishment of corridors for animal movement were demands put forth by students from the Vasantdada Sugar Institute.\"We want to make this a mass movement and involve citizens in a big way by creating positive pressure groups to address these issues and create greater awareness. In the future, experts associated with our festival are ready to conduct dedicated sessions on these topics, and their solutions, for PMC officials. We are also preparing an action plan for the same,\" Chitrav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038502", "title": "Cheers! Gurgaon loses out to Faridabad in alcohol consumption", "text": "GURGAON: Gurgaon as a district stands second in Haryana as far as sale of liquor is concerned. It's second only to neighboring NCR district of Faridabad.The state government, in its latest excise policy for the next financial year, has created a provision for a maximum of 12 wholesale vendors of Indian manufactured foreign liquor (IMFL) in the district, while 14 such vendors would be allowed in %Faridabad.With this, the total number of wholesale IMFL vendors with L-1 licence in the state would be 131. Sources in the excise department said that most of the L-1 licences are in urban areas which have witnessed speedy economic growth. The department is likely to auction a large chunk of 1,235 IMLF retail vends in the NCR area.The new policy says that in urban areas, the retail liquor outlets should preferably be located in the markets. The new policy also allows the sale of beer at country liquor vends in rural areas. The policy says this has been done with the intent to avoid smuggling and to promote healthy drinking habits. \"It will broaden the availability of beer, a light alcoholic drink,\" reads a policy document.The government has also publicized the minimum retail price of all types of liquor to facilitate conditions conducive to responsible drinking. For example, one quarter of 18-year-old Black Dog or Chivas Regal would cost Rs 2,300. Similarly, deluxe scotches/spirits such as 12-year-old Teacher's Highland Cream would cost Rs 1,300.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039053", "title": "3 run over by train at Okhla station", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons were killed at Okhla railway station on Saturday and another was critically injured when they were run over by a train coming from the Nizamuddin railway station. Those killed in the mishap - Salman, Shibu and Bhupinder - were residents of Harkesh Nagar.Though the exact time of the accident could not be ascertained, sources said, the victims were noticed by the driver of a goods train. Police said all the three were employed with a shop at Harkesh Nagar and were going to work when the mishap took place.\"We recovered cellphones from the accident site even though items like money bag had not fallen off their pockets. It seems the trio was oblivious to the approaching train as they were busy talking on cellphones,\" said a senior investigating officer.The railways said the accident was reported to the Okhla railway station manager around 9am by a loco driver. He told him that four persons crossing the railway tracks between Okhla and Tughlakabad railway stations were run over by a train. \"They were reportedly talking on cellphones while crossing the tracks. The GRP has recovered cellphones from the accident site. Three persons lost their lives on the spot and the fourth - Aslam - a resident of Jasola in Delhi, was seriously injured and is undergoing treatment at the AIIMS Trauma Centre. He is in a critical condition ,'' a spokesperson said.In another accident at Okhla railway station on Friday night, an unidentified person was electrocuted when he tried to travel on top of a Rajdhani Express. Railway employees found a charred body and brought it down. Senior officials, however, said they were not aware of the details.Meanwhile, railways has appealed to the people to stop crossing tracks illegally. \"The Delhi division of northern railway has repeatedly requested people for not trespassing railway tracks. From January 2011 to January 2012, 6959 people were arrested for trespassing railway tracks by Railway Protection Force. We again request people to use foot overbridges (FOBs) and manned and unmanned railway level crossings. They should be alert and watchful while crossing the tracks,'' a railway release said. Sources said the authorities concerned have set up flying squads to arrest those illegally crossing the tracks in order to minimize accidents.Local residents, however, complained of lack of foot overbridges for crossing the rail tracks where, ironically, both sides are densely populated. \"Let the railways show some sympathy for us after this incident. Let them provide us with at least two FOBs here,'' said Aftab, a local resident.On average five persons die every day on the railroads criss-crossing the national capital. Over the past 10 months, the city recorded 1,310 such deaths - around 97% of them were accident related. Sources put last year's number of deaths on railway tracks at 1,400. The sharp rise in the number of deaths has forced the authorities to sit up and take notice. The Delhi Police recently suggested possible ways to the railway authorities to minimize the fatalities.Additional DCP (crime and railways) B S Gurjar confirmed that a letter was sent to the railways suggesting ways to reduce the number of deaths.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039691", "title": "Measles outbreak in Nalkheda village", "text": "BHOPAL: With the advent of summer season, measles cases in the city have hit a yearly high. Fifty children were administered care after the disease was reported from Nalkheda village in Berasia here on Saturday.According to district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shulka, \"About 50 children are suffering from measles in the village and emergency team has been formed to tackle the outbreak of the disease.\" Health officials collected blood samples from the nearby areas after the CHMO visited the village on Saturday. However, according to the health workers, cases of measles were not severe among the children as they were previously immunised. Health officials said that measures are in place to bring the disease under control. Parents have been meanwhile asked to keep the affected children away from school. \"This will result in spreading of disease to other students,\" said a local resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12038837", "title": "Experts discuss aspects of social entrepreneurship", "text": "LUCKNOW: Entrepreneurs from different fields gathered on Saturday to exchange ideas and gain from each others perspective. 'Entrepreneurs with a social bent can help giving a better life of country's large unemployed workforce' - a message that was given at a summit organized by NHRD (National Human Resource Development) Network here on Saturday. \"The very theme of our programme (striving for change through social entrepreneurship) clearly conveyed only a strong will and a viable idea is needed to help people achieve a better life,\" said VP Sahi, president, NHRDN Lucknow chapter.Till April 2010, Naveen Krishna didn't really find his work meaningful. With a few thousand rupees in hand he was out to start a business. In the days of struggle, he often spent time at tea stalls where he got a chance to understand the life of rickshaw-pullers. Bingo he said once day and was out to start SVM wheels Private limited - a company that believes in business with a social cause. Unlike prevalent practice where an owner sub-lets his rickshaws to poor labourers, this company helps poor people own one and lead a respectable life.Realizing that only education can empower slum girls and women through employment generation, Urvashi Sahni opened the gates of her up-market school for the needy girls. After the cycle of schooling, the girls work to supply snacks and lunch for corporates besides inspiring others to break the barriers of circumstances to stand up for themselves. The summit was attended by students, professionals and people from different walks of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037510", "title": "Being called sexy is cool: NCW chief", "text": "JAIPUR: It's okay to call a woman sexy. At least that's what the head of the National Commission of Women believes. At a seminar in Jaipur on Saturday, NCW chairperson Mamta Sharma said, \"Don't be offended if someone says 'sexy', rather take it positively.\" The audience comprising students and sadhvis appeared stunned.The 'Gateway to Future' seminar was organized by Terapanth, a socio-religious organization, to discuss various women's issues, including crimes against women.While discussing attitudes towards women, Sharma said, \"It's a collective responsibility of police, politicians and the society to eliminate crimes against women.\" But Sharma, a Rajasthan Congress leader who was appointed head of the NCW last August, also cautioned against being prickly about comments on women. That's when she made the remark about the word, now ubiquitous in its usage as attractive or appealing but one that still make some feminists see red.\"It's really very disturbing to hear such immature statement from a lady of this stature. She has spoiled our programme as everybody is discussing her comments while ignoring statements of other speakers,\" said one of the event organizers, who spoke on condition of anonymity.But there were others who didn't think there was a major problem. \"As a humanist, I, too, find it objectionable. The word sexy implies that a woman is an object of male gratification,\" said Prasanta Roy, a sociologist from Kolkata. But, certain words over long use lose their edge, he said. \"After a point, they no longer hurt us. Sexy is a word, which through casual use, may have lost its edge. It no longer implies patriarchal demeaning of women.\"Perhaps, the NCW chairperson wanted to tell Women to find a redeeming aspect of the word 'sexy' beyond its patriarchal nuances, he said.But in Jaipur, it wasn't being taken lightly and women's groups and the BJP were soon to cash in on it. \"It seems that she considers women a commodity. I appeal to government of India to immediately remove her from the post of chairmanship as she doesn't deserve to be on the post,\" said Kavita Srivastava, general secretary, PUCL.President of the BJP's women wing Suman Sharma termed the comment as humiliating for women. She also demanded that Mamta be removed from the post as she had lost the right to gender advocacy.Rajasthan University students union president Prabha Chaudhary felt that such comments could provoke mischief. \"I want to ask if any mischievous element says sexy to a close relative of the chairperson, will she still take it positively?\"TOI was unable to reach Sharma over the phone for her comments.ProfileMamta Sharma took over as National Women's Commission chairperson in August, 2011. A senior Congress leader from Rajasthan, her appointment was mired in controversy. A complaint was filed with the Prime Minister's Office against Sharma.She was removed as chief of the Rajasthan Pradesh Mahila Congress over allegations of anti-party activities in 2010 after a six-year stint. The PMO found no substance in the complaint and named her as the NCW chief.Sharma represented the Bundi constituency in the Rajasthan Assembly in 2003 but lost the elections in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12038485", "title": "Kolkata car rape victim died of bleeding", "text": "KOLKATA: A woman found battered on a bridge near Dakshineswar temple on Kolkata's fringes on Friday morning may have died of excessive bleeding from the vagina after she was gang raped. There were bruises and bite marks all over her body and face.Police identified her as a resident of a slum on Belghoria Expressway. In a dying statement to police, the victim may have named one of the suspects. \"Don't let off Dilip,\" the 37-year-old woman told her son Ratan in hospital.Ratan and a doctor were present when she gave her statement which the police are treating as an FIR. Investigators are checking the CCTV footage of the toll plaza to identify the white vehicle she mentioned.The police initially thought she was injured in a hit-and-run case. If she did not come to briefly, the gang rape would have been undetected.Her son Ratan (20) is still in shock when TOI met him on Saturday. \"I was horrified to see my mother with the bruises and scratch marks. When I asked her, she managed to say some men in a white car had picked her up and abused her,\" he said.\"Don't let off Dilip,\" she managed to mutter before collapsing. Ratan did not say who Dilip was and if the family knew him. His younger brother Swapan (17) remained silent.Police suspect Dilip could be the woman's live-in partner till about a fortnight ago when he walked out on her after a quarrel.The victim's estranged husband Ramkrishna Das suspected locals were involved. \"I have information that some people in the neighbourhood were watching her movement,\" he said.Police suspect she was abducted near the Indian Statistical Institute on BT Road, raped several times and assaulted in the car. She was pushed off the car at the end of the bridge and left to die. She was profusely bleeding leading the police to suspect she was hit by a vehicle.\"A special investigation team is probing the case. We think it was a van. We are trying to trace the vehicle,\" said Barrackpore additional deputy commissioner Biswajit Ghosh.The rape shocked the slum residents. The victim's neighbour Namita Sur said, \"They were poor but we have never seen her involved in any immoral activity. The police had dropped such hints during preliminary inquiry.\"Baranagar municipality vice-chairman Ramkrishna Pal said he had spoken to the police for a proper investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12038262", "title": "'Polls will spell common man's defeat'", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Just two days after Anna Hazare announced that he was healthy enough to restart his crusade against corruption, Team Anna jumped right into the middle of an intense battle for the last two phases of the Assembly elections. In a public awakening programme on Saturday, the team members said that no matter which party wins, the common man will be the loser.Attacking all political parties contesting in the elections, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said, \"The common man should have no illusions regarding any change the Uttar Pradesh assembly elections will bring about. Of the 300-odd contestants in the fray, 128 have criminal records. The final outcome will be that the public will be defeated\". People's aspirations will be crushed due to the overall corruption prevailing within the system irrespective of which party wins, he said.While many feel that the battle against corruption has lost its steam after Anna's fast in Mumbai got a lukewarm response, Kejriwal seems to disagree. \"The fight for the Jan Lokpal Bill has been widened to change the entire system,\" he said.Stressing that the system needs an overhaul, Kejriwal said anti-social elements like robbers and rapists had overpowered the Parliament. \"The challenge is to overhaul the Parliament's character.\"\"Anna Hazare doesn't want to let his illness come in the way of his crusade ,\" said another Team Anna member.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039276", "title": "Work on to evolve dialysis-free kidney treatment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If all goes well, patients suffering with any form of chronic kidney disease may not need dialysis for survival. PGI's nephrology department is working on a mechanism to study why a particular drug stops progression of kidney disease in some, while it does not work that effectively in others. Once the mechanism is revealed, chances of its rate of success can be enhanced from the present 60% to 100%, effectively implying that dialysis can be replaced by just a few medicines, which are affordable.Discussing a department of biotechnology-funded three-year project, Dr Vivekananda Jha from the department of nephrology, said, \"We had been seeing patients who could have been on dialysis, but the wonder drug worked on them and they were not required to undergo the procedure. So, we took the initiative to find the mechanism which makes the drug effective in patients.\"The study involves finding the exact mechanism of a pathway which makes the drug effective. \"Angiotensis pathway will be studied, which can make us understand how the drug works in some patients. Though the drug has been tested in most parts of the world, an unexplored area of the field is what decides the effectiveness of the medicine,\" said Jha. \"This is for all types of kidney diseases in adults,\" he added.In any public sector hospital, the cost of dialysis can run into Rs 3,000-Rs 4,000 monthly. \"There are 25 dialysis machines in PGI. But not everyone gets a chance as there is often a huge waiting list. Thousands of kidney patients throng Chandigarh hospitals from across the country,\" said a faculty from the department.Among others, Prof Guisseppe Remuzzi, president, International Society of Nephrology, deliberated on the success of kidney medicine and enhancement of its efficacy at the international conference in PGI on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12044459", "title": "Godrej Interio eyes USD 1 billion revenue by FY'17", "text": "MUMBAI: Furniture major Godrej Interio is aiming an revenue target of USD 1 billion by FY'17.\"We have set a revenue target of USD 1 billion by FY17,\" Godrej Interio COO Anil Mathur told PTI here.The company is also expecting its overall revenue to go up by 25 per cent to about Rs 1,500 crore in FY'12, he said.It will also launch Design HQ in the existing Godrej Interio's exclusive stores in Mumbai in the first quarter of the next fiscal, and then expanded to other metro cities. It will also develop customised designs suited to the customer's individual needs, Mathur said.Godrej Interio has 50 company-owned retail stores, and 45 franchisees (both furnishings and kitchenette) in the country.\"We plan to focus on the franchise model and are looking at 200 stores in the next two years,\" he said.Godrej Interio, a business unit of Godrej &amp; Boyce, is eyeing 25 per cent market share in the organised segment in next three years.\"On the back of the growing demand for our products, we hope to capture 25 per cent market share of the organised furniture segment in another three years. At present we are enjoying around 20 per cent share,\" Mathur said.The total furniture market in the country is estimated at around Rs 40,000 crore, of which only up to 15 per cent is organised, he said.\"We have signed exclusive marketing agreements with Korea's Sejin for marine accommodation solutions, Japan's Itoki and the US' Knoll Inc for office furniture.\"Recently, we tied-up with Netherlands' LINET Group for hospital and nursing home furniture and with this, we are now present in almost all the furniture verticals,\" Mathur said.All these marketing tie-ups will later be expanded to production agreements, depending on the market scenario, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12037747", "title": "13 commandos injured as van overturns", "text": "GONDIA: A police van carrying 15C-60 commandos overturned injuring 13 commandos near Mandodevi crossing, 40km from Gondia, on Saturday. The van was going from Karanja police headquarters to Deori forest.Three commandos - Nitin Tarare, Ramlal Waghmare and Hukumchand Agashe - are critical and have been admitted to Bajaj nursing home, Gondia. The injured are Umesh Rathod, Prasant Meshram, Shrikant Nagpure, Amol Rathod, Jaswant Rahangdale, Milind Nakade, Prasant Korenjekar, Shivram Netam, Krishna Kanaskar and driver Lakshman Kumbhare.At 7.30am the van left Karanja for a combing operation in Deori. While the driver Kumbhare was negotiating sharp turn at Mandodevi crossing, he lost control over the vehicle, resulting in the accident. Initially they were admitted to KTS Hospital but after basic treatment they were shifted to Bajaj nursing home. SP Chandrakishore Meena along with DySP Wasantrao Gaikwad visited the hospitals and ensured proper care of the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12039978", "title": "Goldsmiths protest death of man who died in custody", "text": "MADURAI: Even as the police have earned the wrath of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) for the encounter killings of five suspected bank robbers in Chennai, goldsmiths in Madurai raised a banner of revolt against the Madurai police, demanding a through probe into the alleged police torture that led to the death of a fellow goldsmith.Under the aegis of the Federation of All Viswakarma Workers Associations, goldsmiths in Madurai gathered at the Jhansi Rani Park on Saturday and demanded that the mysterious death of one of their ilk should be probed by a judge. The agitation, led by A Senthil Kumar, state president of Tamil Nadu Viswakarma Youth Forum charged that police torture was the reason behind the death of Saravanakumar (36) from Munichalai. \"It was nothing but the inhuman treatment meted out by the police that led to the death of Saravakumar,\" he said.Saravanakumar was arrested for allegedly creating fake gold jewellery and pledging them in unauthorised pawn shops to make money. Police said that when they raided his shop, they found Rs 2.29 lakhs cash and five fake gold bangles. But a day later, he was admitted to the hospital where he died. Police claimed that Saravanakumar was produced before a judicial magistrate after the interrogation. It was after that he was sent to the prison where he developed health complications, police said while denying the charge of torture. But the victim's father E Arumugam, charged that the police were trying to save face after beating his son to death. Saravanakumar's wife Kalarani too alleged that when she spoke to her husband after he was taken into custody, the latter had lamented to her that he was being severely beaten by the cops. The relatives of Saravanakumar as well as the goldsmiths demanded that action should be taken against the police personnel who took him into custody and interrogated him.Meanwhile, a judicial magistrate visited the government hospital where the body of Saravanakumar was kept and inspected the post-mortem. The judicial magistrate also conducted an inquiry of the police and health officials as well as the relatives of the deceased. The entire post mortem process was videographed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039203", "title": "'Need to balance defence &amp; development'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chief of the staff (COS), Western Command Chandimandir, Lt Gen Baljeet Singh, said a secure environment is the basic requirement for ensuring a robust national growth rate and inclusive growth.Inaugurating the three-week UGC refresher course for college and university teachers on Saturday at Panjab University (PU) Chandigarh, Lt Gen Baljeet Singh said FDIs were required for funding development but funds would flow in only if the environment was secure.There was a need to balance defence and development as one was not possible at the cost of the other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12038050", "title": "Railway decision to be disputed in court", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The decision of railways to disallow first-class season ticket holders from travelling in first-class coaches of superfast trains has irked the passengers here. They are now planning to approach the high court under the banner of First Class Season Ticket Holders Association against the railways.The railways' latest move has affected over 100 passengers who travel by the Chennai-Mangalore Superfast Express from and to Kozhikode. Majority of those who affected are doctors and government officials who work in Vadakara and Kannur. The Southern Railway issued the order on October 17 last year and came into effect from October 24.\"I have been travelling in the first class compartment of the Chennai-Mangalore Mail for the last 10 years. Earlier I was travelling in buses but switched over to train following as I was suffering from cervical spondylosis ,\" said Dr Seema Pradeep, who is runs a dental clinic at Vadakara.She complained that the general and ladies compartments of the train are packed to full. \"I am being forced to travel by standing on the footboard of the ladies compartment for the last couple of days,\" she said.The Chennai-Mangalore Super Fast Express is the only train available for passengers, especially professionals, from Kuttipuram, Kozhikode, Koyilandy and Vadakara to reach Kannur and other places, said a government official and a train commuter.When the passengers approached the Palakkad divisional office on the issue, they were told that the decision was taken by the railway board and cannot be reversed. The passengers' forum has also sent letters to Dinesh Trivedi , minister of railways, chairman of railway board and the general manager of Southern Railway.However, a railway official here said that the railway took the decision following complaint from the passengers who travel with reserved tickets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12038052", "title": "Drunk driver hits 4 vehicles before ramming divider", "text": "NAGPUR: Pedestrians and motorists on busy Wardha Road had a providential escape after a drunk school bus driver lost control and hit four vehicles before ramming into the divider on Saturday. Eyewitnesses said the bus overturned thrice and damaged around 40 feet of the divider.Driver Raju Thombre (28) was sober when he went to drop students of Montfort School. The incident occurred when Thumbre was returning to park the vehicle on the school premises at Ashokwan on Wardha Road.According to Rana Pratap Nagar police, the school authorities said that the driver and conductor were sober before leaving the premises with the students. Authorities added that that Thumbre may have consumed liquor after dropping the students home.On the seeing the rashly driven school bus, traffic cops at Chattrapati Square noted down the number and alerted their colleagues at the next square. However, the incident took place before the bus could reach the next square.The bus first scraped past another bus and damaged its rear mirror. Later, it hit another bus. The front and side portions of both buses were partially damaged.Raju Thombre, the driver, for Montfort School damaged another bus, apparently under the influence of liquior. According to traffic constable Yogesh Ghodki, the bus driver escaped with minor injuries and was arrested while he was trying to flee.\"The breathalyzer confirmed that Thumbre was drunk,\" said Ghodki, while adding that the conductor too was in the bus but he fled.Librarian Ramesh Deshpande, who was heading towards Manewada on his moped, was the unfortunate one. He was hit by the bus at Chattrapati Square. Deshpande's left ankle got severely damaged when the driver was reversing the bus. The bus first hit Despande's two-wheeler and later one of its wheels went over his ankle.Passerby Sagar Chaubey took the injured Deshpande to a nearby hospital. He said that before people could stop the bus, the driver steered it towards the left and hit another vehicle.\"On seeing the driver driving the vehicle in a dangerous manner, pedestrians and motorists got frightened. Some moved aside while many stopped their vehicles,\" said Chaubey.Doctors told relatives that Despande's ankle was badly damaged and that they might have to amputate it. Rana Pratap Nagar police have registered an offence against the driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "dadu (mewat)", "code": "12038459", "title": "Dadu residents plug into the sun", "text": "DADU (MEWAT): Residents of Dadu village have a simple answer to frequent power cuts - solar lights. After taking loans from banks like Gurgaon Gramin Bank (GGB), the villagers have switched to solar lighting.\"The state gave us supply for barely 5-7 hours during any month out of which we barely get electricity for a week during the day. The children of the village were worst affected since the irregular supply left them without a study schedule,\" said Sarpanch Prahlad Singh.That is when the villagers came together and switched over to solar lighting. As of today, every household has a solar panel and battery which can run a tube light and fan for a couple of hours.The villagers were encouraged by the banks which financed the solar lighting system and the villagers have been using CFLs which consume less power and last longer. \"I have been using this system for over two years and it has made life much happier especially for my children who can finish their homework in time and stick to a schedule, irrespective of whether there is electricity supply,\" said Billu Singh, a villager.The GGB has itself set up 10 solar-powered branches in the district. Banks have taken steps to popularize solar home lighting systems and as many as 1,516 loans have been given to establish solar home lighting systems through low-interest schemes. The bank confirmed 100% loan recovery from the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039454", "title": "Tamil Nadu pips Maharashtra in organ transplants", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of organ transplants that took place in Mumbai in the last 15 years is less than half of those in Tamil Nadu in the last three years. Mumbai saw 251 kidney and 36 liver transplants in the last 15 years, while Tamil Nadu's total for the last three years stood at 656.While it may not be correct to compare a city's transplant tally to that of a state, the figures paint a grim picture for Maharashtra considering that Mumbai and Pune are the only two cities in the state where cadaver transplants are done. If experts are to be believed, then just 10% of the state's transplants take place in Pune.The problem, said hospital coordinators and volunteers , is the lack of sensitization among citizens, the police, intensivists and doctors. \"Many ICU staffers call us vultures. They say we come to take away organs of those who aren't even dead,\" said a transplant coordinator. \"We have to struggle to even find out about the condition of brain dead patients,\" said another transplant co-ordinator.Doctors said declaration of brain death is a gray area. \"It is not very clear to ICU doctors and neurologists when a person should be declared brain dead and what should be done in order to carry out a successful transplant,\" said a transplant expert. Tamil Nadu's success can be attributed to eight orders issued by the government in 2008 which helped make organ transplantation a seamless procedure.\"We have approached Maharashtra government with proposals for adoption of rules on organ transplants, but the meeting keeps getting postponed . Nothing can be done unless the government is actively involved,\" said Dr Sujata Patwardhan ,secretary, Zonal Transplant Coordination Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039136", "title": "Memories of a massacre", "text": "Truth and reconciliation could be effective panaceas of grief. But reconciliation is impossible without justice. It is this premise that has compelled a group of civil society members to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the 2002 post-Godhra carnage in Gujarat. While Ahmedabad's Gulbarg Society, where over 60 people were killed by a riotous mob, remains the epicenter of the memorial event, Mumbai will pay homage in its own way. On February 27, at St. Xavier's College, dozens of peace activists, poets, singers and theatre persons will congregate for an initiative called 'Memorial to Genocide'.Poet-lyricist Nida Fazli will recite the poem he penned when Gujarat burned, in which he mourns the lives lost to revenge. He pictures Hindus and Muslims fighting over a body in the morgue. ''The morgue has no religion. The barbarity on the streets loses its identity at a morgue's door. The point is not whether Hindus or Muslims died. The point is that innocent humans lost their lives in that avoidable madness,\" says Fazli.When it comes to challenging religious fundamentalism, few can match medieval Sufi poet Kabir. So, armed with Kabir's Sufi kalam, famous vocalist Neela Bhagwat will sing the mystic's poems: Sadho dekho jag baorana (Saint, see the world is wayward), Main na mandir mein, main na Kaabe mein (I am neither inside the temple nor inside the Kaaba). ''Evoking Kabir is like seeking peace. And peace is established through justice and compassion. This is what is needed in Gujarat,\" comments Bhagwat.Few arts capture the poignancy of tragedy more powerfully than theatre. And it through his presentation of Shah Alam Camp Ki Roohein (Spirits from the Shah Alam Camp), a monologue by Asghar Wajahat, that playwright and theatre director Iqbal Niyazi will revisit that fateful event. Shah Alam Camp was set up in Ahmedabad to shelter hundreds of riot victims soon after the riots. ''The dead talk of their travails. It is a long play but I have compressed it into a short monologue,\" says Niyazi.Allahabad-based poet Anshu Malviya will also attend the commemoration and read out his wrenching poem, Kausar Bano Ki Ajanmi Bitiya Ki Or Se (From the unborn daughter of Kausar Bano), which speaks of the horror of rioters slicing open a pregnant Bano's abdomen and savagely flinging her child into a fire. Rakesh Sharma's award-winning documentary Final Solution will also be shown.Although its intentions are worthy, would the commemoration not invariably reopen old wounds? ''You have no right to suppose that wounds have healed when thousands of affected people have still not got justice,\" retorts retired judge of Bombay High Court Justice Hosbet Suresh, who was part of the Concerned Citizens' Tribunal which investigated the Gujarat pogrom. ''In October 2002 we submitted our voluminous report called Crime Against Humanity. But the government-appointed Nanavati Commission is yet to submit its report. If it's not injustice, what is?\" says Suresh, who had also investigated the Mumbai riots of December 1992 and January 2003. ''After we prepared our report called People's Verdict, Justice Srikrishna submitted his report. It was never implemented, but, unlike Gujarat, the Maharashtra government at least released the commission report,\" he says.Time may not have dimmed memory, but it has mitigated public outrage against Gujarat CM Narendra Modi. Some quarters now argue for a leniency in dealing with him for the prosperity he has brought the state. But activist Javed Anand, convener of the memorial at St. Xavier's, vetoes any sort of clemency: ''The so-called progress under Modi's leadership cannot wash away his crime. A murder doesn't get absolved of his crime even if he turns into a saint. He must be brought to justice,\" he points out.Some would assume a decade is enough to heal the memories of a massacre . But, civil society wants to remind people that healing does not imply forgetting.(Commemoration to be held at St Xavier's College, February 27, 6-8pm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12038860", "title": "'2L autos must be released to stop refusal'", "text": "MUMBAI: Auto union leader Sharad Rao has pinned the blame on the government for auto drivers blatantly refusing passengers outside railway stations.According to him, had there been enough autos on the road, commuters would have more number of vehicles at their disposal and would not have to depend on the existing drivers -many of them unscrupulous-who refused to ply. To tide over the problem, he has demanded that the government should release 2 lakh new permits. \"Since demand is more than supply, some drivers take advantage of the situation and leave passengers stranded. The only way to stop refusals is to increase the number of autos,\" Rao said. He has also written to state transport commissioner V N More, asking him to release 30,000 dead permits and 1.7 lakh extra permits. \"If necessary, we will take a delegation to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan who holds the transport portfolio. He cannot deprive citizens of autos, which is a lifeline in the suburbs,\" Rao said.The union leader also wants the government to introduce a social security scheme for drivers. \"The 2 lakh-and-odd drivers do not have pension or insurance cover. Most live a hand-to-mouth existence,\" he said.Rao stuck to his demand of a Rs-5 rise in the basic fare. Echoing him, another union leader, Thampy Kurian, said the fare hike should be linked to the increasing cost of maintaining CNG engines. Kurian is also filing a petition in the high court against e-meters. \"The state should show us that e-meters are tamper-proof before making them mandatory,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037516", "title": "Victim moves SHRC against HIV horror", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 19-year-old woman who was allegedly given HIV-infected blood at the time of her delivery filed a petition with the State Human Rights Commission (SHRC) on Saturday seeking action against the Red Cross blood bank that had sold the infected blood to her husband.Her four-month-old son in tow, Shaik Haseena pleaded with SHRC authorities for relief saying that after she had tested positive, her husband Nisar Ahmed, a labourer, had abandoned her and the child.Based on her petition, SHRC has asked Ratna Kishore, principal secretary of the medical and heath department and Uma Maheshwar Rao, secretary to the State Red Cross Society, to file reports.Haseena's family had been instructed by staff at a private hospital in Nellore to arrange for three units of blood which her husband procured from the Red Cross Society.The delivery had to be done via Caesarean section and the blood was requisitioned since Haseena was anaemic.She was discharged a week later with mild fever. When the fever refused to subside even 15 days after she had returned home, her family members took her to the hospital where she underwent tests.The results revealed that she was HIV positive but since blood tests prior to the delivery showed her as HIV negative, doctors said that she might have got infected through the transfusion at the time of delivery.When family members approached the Red Cross Society, officials there denied having sold any blood to them.\"She fed the child for 10 days. Tests are being conducted regularly on her son to know whether he, too, has been infected,\" said a relative of Haseena. Although the blood bank was sealed after the incident came to light, Haseena's travails are far from over.The tiffin centre her mother used to run has gone out of business since customers started staying away after the news of her being HIV positive became public, the relative said.Family members said that despite several requests to Nellore district collector D Sridhar, who is also the chairman of the Red Cross Blood Bank, no financial assistance has been extended nor any treatment arranged for Haseena whose health is deteriorating.However, a plot for a house and provision for the supply of 35 kilos of rice have been made.The SHRC order, issued on Saturday, states that a committee constituted to inquire into the incident has not submitted its report to the collector.The SHRC has now directed the district collector to furnish a copy of the report filed by the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12037202", "title": "Three rob jeweller outside Santa Cruz station", "text": "MUMBAI: In a daring armed robbery on a busy street outside Santa Cruz (W) station, three men on Saturday evening stepped out of an autorickshaw, attacked a jeweller with a knife, and after securing his bag of gold ornaments, hijacked the auto and left the crime scene before anyone could raise an alarm.The victim, Andheri-based jeweller Mahavir Parekh, 39, sustained knife-inflicted wounds on his left leg and is recuperating at Asha Parekh Hospital, Santa Cruz (W). Deputy commissioner of police Pratap Dighavkar said that the incident occurred at 6pm. \"The men had arrived in the auto and saw Parekh with the bag. He was on his way to a retailer to hand over the ornaments. The accused got off the rickshaw, attacked him with the knife and snatched the bag,\" Dighavkar said. They then threatened the rickshaw driver Ramesh Pandit (29), forced him out, and decamped in the vehicleThe police are yet to ascertain the value of the gold ornaments. \"Parekh is recovering, but is in no position to give his statement. We have recorded the statement of the driver, whose rickshaw was also stolen,\" Dighavkar added.A senior police officer said that such heists in the Santa Cruz (W) area are rare. \"We are shocked at the audacity of the accused as the area is always busy and crowed.\" The police hope to identify the trio with the help of Pandit and Parekh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037842", "title": "HC questions absence of girls' lavatories in govt schools", "text": "JAIPUR: Principal seat of Rajasthan High Court at Jodhpur has issued show cause notice to the state authorities for not having civic amenities for girls and ladies in government girls' schools. The court took a serious note of the fact that in most of the girls' schools in the district, the students are forced to take nature's call in the open.The order came on a PIL filed by a Jodhpur-based lawyer Varsha Bissa, practicing before the principal seat at Jodhpur. Citing the example of Senior Secondary Girls' School of Ratanada, she highlighted that 186 girls study in higher classes who are deprived of the basic amenity. Besides the petitioner also named various other government schools that have no toilet facilities for girls. In most of the cases the heads of the institutions have written to the state authorities highlighting their woes but the state machinery turned a deaf ear to them, forcing her to espouse their cause, Varsha contended.Petitioner argued that it is outrageous to the modesty of girls, who are forced to use open playgrounds of the schools, mostly on roads having huge vehicular traffic movement.\"The court was of the view that a girl must have a right to privacy in such a thing and inaction of the state authorities is highly unjustified,\" Varsha said. The division bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra has demanded explanation from the chief secretary, secretary - education, district collector - Jodhpur, chief engineer, PWD and DEO, Jodhpur, within a period of four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039184", "title": "Gun-runner held with 30 cyanide pills", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wanted in many cases of robbery, illegal arms supply and automobile theft, Dalbir Singh's luck finally ran out on Saturday. Cops also seized a sizeable number of arms and ammunition from his possession.Among the items recovered were one pistol, one revolver, 72 live cartridges, 30 spent cartridges, a modified pistol, seven vehicle registration certificates and five magazines. All these items were recovered from a Honda City that Singh, a resident of Jail Road, was driving.The car was intercepted by the Hari Nagar police after they received a tip-off.Police are intrigued by the recovery of some \"tablet-like substances'' - that Singh claims are cyanide capsules. \"We have sent the capsules for forensic testing . We still don't know why he kept those tablets with him,'' said additional CP (west) V Renganathan.The special cell and the crime branch have been intimated about the arrest and a background check is being done to ensure that Singh has no links with any terror organization, sources said. A team has been sent to some western UP to ascertain whether these weapons were to be used for the upcoming UP elections on February 28.\"Inspector Ramesh Chander got a tip-off that some criminals would be entering the area of PS Hari Nagar in a Honda City. The informer had specifically said that the suspects are armed and dangerous. Hari Nagar police cordoned off the areas under their jurisdiction with the help of QRT van and emergency response vehicles. Around10.30pm, a silver Honda City came to the spot and the accused was nabbed,'' said Renganathan.A checking of the car documents revealed that the number plate was forged. In fact, the number plate of a scooter was put on the car, sources said.On further interrogation it was found that the car was stolen from Rajendra Nagar. Singh's passport was also found in the car, sources said.\"The accused revealed that he was actively involved in crime since 2009. He had been arrested in a case of robbery in 2009 at Rajouri Garden. He said that he met many desperate criminals in the jail and on their request he procured arms and ammunition. We are trying to identify the supply chain and find more details about his clients,'' said Renganathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039430", "title": "Police bust sex racket", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Friday arrested three men for running a prostitution racket under the guise of a massage spa in a farmhouse on East Coast Road.Following a tip-off, an anti-vice squad officer called the spa pretending to be a customer. He arranged to meet a spa employee in Panaiyur. When the plain clothes officer reached the location, he was received by a man who took him to a farmhouse, where he was introduced to models from Mumbai.The squad raided the spa and found that it was run by a man named Srinivasan. He had rented the beach house from its owners who were settled abroad. Police also arrested Ramkumar and Saravanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037832", "title": "SC to hear state's appeal on Monday", "text": "JAIPUR: All eyes are set on the Supreme Court, which on Monday will hear the appeal filed against the order of division bench of Rajasthan High Court on reservations in promotion issue. Division bench of Justice Altmas Kabir and Justice S S Nijjhar will hear the civil appeal.The registry of the Supreme Court on Saturday, as a special case, granted permission of early hearing of the appeals field by the appellants Salauddin Ahmed, chief secretary and principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj.Meanwhile, it was work as usual for the officials of the state's law and personnel departments at the state secretariat even on Saturday. It is believed that while the state government is hoping to argue its case in the SC, it also continued with its preparations for immediate implementation of the high court's order of no reservations in promotions.The state government is likely to seek more time from the high court on Monday, for proper implementation of the order. To strengthen its arguments, the state government officials continued working on the seniority list of RAS officers as on April 1, 1997, in order to grant regained seniority to the general and OBC employees. Sources claimed that the list would be submitted in the high court with a request for more time for implementation.On Thursday, a division bench of Justice NK Jain and Justice RS Rathore held chief secretary Salauddin Ahmed and principal secretary (personnel) Khemraj guilty of 'willful contempt of the court' in the matter. The bench has fixed February 27 to hand out punishment to the two top government officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039388", "title": "HC dismisses plea on national anti-terror agency", "text": "CHENNAI: Declining to entertain a plea seeking to stay the operation of an order on the proposed National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), the first bench of the Madras high court comprising of Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice Aruna Jagadeesan dismissed the matter.\"At the very outset, we are of the view that the writ petition cannot be entertained on an undated notification,\" the bench said and added that petitioner's counsel Manikandan Vathan Chettiar could not satisfy as to where the notification was procured from.\"Apart from that, this court would take notice of the fact that discussions and deliberations are going on between Centre and different states relating to the implementation of this order and the final notification has not yet been issued,\" the order said.The petition, by Vijayalakshmi Shanmugham, challenged an undated notification, 'National Counter Terrorism Centre (Organisation, Functions, Powers and Duties) Order, 2012' issued by the ministry of home affairs, on the grounds that it encroached upon the subjects of public order and police, which were in the state list, in the Constitution.\"No consultations were held with stakeholders before the decision was thrust upon the nation\", the petitioner said.In his submissions, Chettiar said the Centre was trying to create the agency through an \"undated executive order\", whereas the bill introduced in Parliament itself didn't have the details the executive order had.The matter first came up for hearing before a division bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice N Kirubakaran.At the time the judges wondered how a proposed legislation to tackle a national security issue could be dragged to court.Justice Elipe Dharma Rao had mentioned that the Prime Minister had been quoted as saying that the proposed set-up did not infringe on the federal structure of the nation.The bench had directed the court registry to post the matter before the first bench headed by the Chief Justice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037692", "title": "How to crack tomorrow's paper?", "text": "With Physics-I being a mixed bag for HSC students, the focus now shifts to the second paper in a bid to shore up the total marks. Since the cumulative marks are added of the two theory papers plus the practical exam, students would be looking to give a strong performance in Physics-II. Sanjay Charalwar, principal of Mohta Science College, and also an expert on physics subject shares some vital tips with students on cracking Monday's paper.Tips for students:Always ensure that you are calm and composed before attempting to write the paperRead the question paper twice carefully so that you have understood the contents properlyMark questions that you are absolutely sure about and attempt them firstNaturally, you progress to the other questions but here too make non-numerical ones your priorityNumerical questions, ones that you are not sure about, should always be solved last as it is common for students go over the problem over and over again, leading to waste of time.Your diagrams should be labelled very neatly to avoid confusion.Paper overviewPaper: Physics - IIMarks: 40 marksPassing: 35% (including Physics-I and practical exam)Duration: 2 hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12038885", "title": "A tiny dip in vote share can make a huge dent", "text": "LUCKNOW: The high polling percentage in the first five phases of the UP elections has been puzzling but a close look at the voting pattern and the crowd in the public meetings of major political parties indicates that the fight for the ballot is tough and a swing of only 3-4 percentage points in vote share could tilt the balance in over 100 seats.Sample this: in the 2007 assembly elections, BSP fought 403 seats, won 206 with vote share 30.43%. SP (in alliance with RLD) contested 393 seats, won 97 with 25.43% vote share and BJP fought 350 seats, won 51 with a 16.97% vote share. Also, in 2007, the winning margin in 149 out of total 402 seats was less than 5000, or a difference of just 3-4% between the winner and the runner-up. Of these 149 seats, BSP won 64, SP 68, BJP 20, Congress six and RLD three. This shows that a drop in BSP's vote share could mean a loss of around 50-60 seats and a swing in favour of SP can help the party win 50-60 more seats.In case a drop in BSP's vote share gets divided between SP, Congress and BJP, all the opposition parties will gain. However, past election trends also show that votes convert into seats generally when a candidate gets 25% or more vote share. A difference of 3-4 percentage points in votes can make a huge difference as it was seen in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls when BSP contested 80 seats in UP but won 20 with a vote share of 27.42%. The assembly segment-wise break up of Lok Sabha results show that BSP was ahead in only 100 segments, a drop of 3 percentage points (30.43% in 2007 to 27.42% in 2009), brought BSP's number down from 206 to 100.However, the tricky situation this time is that vote share of all major players is expected to go up because of the increased turnout. In such a situation, the difference between the increase in vote share will decide the fate. Another important point is that the rise in vote share would convert into seats only when the percentage increase is spread across the state. In case, a party gets mote votes but it is confined to some pockets, on paper the overall vote share would rise but may not translate into a proportionate increase in seats. For example, BSP's vote share in 2009 was the highest among major parties but it got fewer seats.In the 2007 assembly elections, the turnout was 45.94% and in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections it was 47.45%. This time, so far in the five phases, the polling percentage has been 59.55% (average of the five). If such a trend continues, polling would cross the 57.13% recorded in 1993, the highest UP recorded since independence. The factors responsible for high turnout include awareness, fewer anomalies in the voters' list, an increase in voting by women and youth, major political parties ensuring maximum turnout of their supporters and strong anti-incumbency sentiments against the state and central governments and local MPs and MLAs.One of the highlights of the first five phases is that more women than men have turned out to vote. The polling percentage of women is 59.92% compared with 59.07% for men. Of the total 48 reserved constituencies which went to polls so far, in 27, the vote share of women is higher than men. Similarly, in the Muslim dominated 60 seats, polling by women was higher in 26 constituencies. The reserved and Muslim dominated constituencies are mostly in rural areas and are backward. According to political pundits, high polling of women in backward areas is a good news for BSP because they do not want the 'insecure' SP to come back.On the other hand, high turnout of women in urban areas should be good news for BJP because a similar trend was seen when the Ram Temple movement was at its peak in the late 80s and early 90s. However, this time, the turnout by urban men has also been high. The participation of youth was also huge. This would be a good sign for the two national parties -- BJP and Congress -- because SP and BSP are largely dependent on the rural base. However, things may change a bit with SP state president Akhilesh Yadav being able to connect with the urban youth. He got over 58,000 hits recently during an online chat on Facebook.The Congress is expecting gains from the Muslim quota but the trend so far shows that Mulayam Singh Yadav is still popular among Muslims. Further, so far 48 reserved constituencies have gone to the polls. Polling in 15 reserved seats has been over 60%. This indicates that not only Dalits but other communities have voted in large numbers. Dalits are Mayawati's core vote bank. But in reserved seats all parties field Dalit candidates, leading to a split in Dalit votes. The parties securing votes of other communities mostly win in Dalit seats. Experts believe that strong anti-incumbency may dent Mayawati in Dalit seats.In UP, the popular saying is that winning elections is about creating a wave. For example, BJP won 1991 state assembly elections on the Ram Temple wave. In 1993, SP and BSP shook hands and created a wave in their favour. At times, an anti-wave can also help like in 2007 when BSP came to power due to strong anti-incumbency against the SP rule. However, experts point out that in the absence of a wave, results depend on candidates creating a wind in their favour to sway floating votes. Such a situation results in hung assembly. This time again, the ground reports suggest that people are preferring candidates over parties.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12041214", "title": "Minority bodies ask govt to act on Bechimari probe report", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the one-man inquiry commission into the killings of jute farmers at Bechimari in Darrang district completing its two-day hearing on Thursday, minority organizations have asked the state government not to put the findings of the probe on the backburner.Minority bodies claimed that no action has been initiated yet against guilty officials even though several inquiry commissions have completed their probes into a number of killings of minority people in the state.\"From the Nellie massacre in 1983 to the Bechimari killings in October last, we have seen several inquiry commissions conducting probes into the killings of minority people. But, surprisingly, the government has not yet taken any action against guilty officials. Even the findings of the commissions have not been made public,\" All India Secular Forum ( AISF) convenor Hafiz Ahmed said.Ahmed added that the Tiwari commission had submitted its report to the government on the Nellie massacre, while the Haque commission had probed the 1994 killings of minority people at Bansbari. Similarly, the Agarwala commission had investigated the Lakhimpur killings in 2008.\"We still do not know what these commissions' findings were and what action has the government taken against guilty officials. Our demand is that the government should make all the findings of these commissions public and produce white papers on the action taken,\" Ahmed added.Abdul Mannan of the Justice and Equity Demand Samiti Assam ( JEDSA) warned the government not to put the Bechimari killings' inquiry commission report in the cold storage like other commission reports.The state government instituted one-man inquiry commission headed by Justice (retired) Hareswar Barua to probe the killing of four jute farmers in Darrang district's Bechimari area last year. The farmers belonged to the minority community.\"It is the constitutional and moral duty of the government to punish those who are responsible for the killings of innocent people. The Bechimari killings constituted cold-blooded murder. We want to remind the government that the Bechimari inquiry report should not meet the same fate as the reports of previous commissions,\" Mannan warned.All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) leader Aminul Islam alleged that the state government has proven its biased attitude towards the minority community by not taking any action on the findings of the inquiry commissions.\"By not taking action, the government showed that the condition of the minority people is worse than animals. If someone kills a rhino, an elephant or a tiger, the person is jailed. In case of killings of minority people, no action is taken,\" Islam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038983", "title": "Day's detention in 20-yr-old case", "text": "NEW DELHI: An elderly couple from Uttar Pradesh has been sentenced to a daylong detention and a fine of Rs 3 lakh by a Delhi court for their conviction in a 20-year-old case of money laundering.A special CBI court held S P Goel and his wife Beena Goel, residents of Bareilly, guilty of cheating and forgery along with various other offences under Prevention of Corruption Act, and asked them to keep standing in the court till the end of its day's proceedings.The court held Goel guilty of trying to legitimize Rs 1.3 crore black money by showing it to be foreign exchange remittances in order to claim tax exemption. While convicting the elderly couple, the court acquitted a former Central Bank of India official saying evidence against him was not sufficient to prove his role in the conspiracy.Goel had pleaded for leniency with the court saying that he was over 60-years-old and his wife was a cancer patient. However, the judge rejected his plea for release on probation, saying the punishment must be commensurate to the offence.Besides Goels and Jain, the CBI had booked 10 others in the 1992 money-laundering bid cum tax-evasion case. While three accused died during the pendency of the case, one absconded and others remained untraced. In 2002, six others admitted their guilt and were sentenced to one day detention each along with a fined of Rs 50,000.The accused persons had opened several \"fictitious\" accounts in the Central Bank of India and had deposited huge amount of Indian currency into their accounts, the CBI had alleged.With the connivance of bank officials, the accused got 12 demand drafts of Rs 11.07 lakhs each (totalling over Rs 1.30 crore) issued to different parties along with \"bogus certificate\" showing the amount as foreign exchange remittances from some non-resident exchange (NRE) accounts, CBI said. The bogus certificates were issued by a bank official to help Goel and others to claim income tax exemption under the Foreign Exchange and Investment in Foreign Banks (Immunities and Exemptions) Act 1991, the CBI further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12034015", "title": "Review: Sony PlayStation Vita", "text": "Mobile phones and tablets see updates and upgrades every year; consoles do not. However when they do, the difference is game-changing (pun intended). Case in point is Sony's latest portable console, the PlayStation Vita, which has been launched in India on February 22 after its much-publicised debut in Japan on December 17. Read on to find out if the hype is justified...Build quality The Vita seems to be a console that's built to last. It's as sturdy as the first-generation PlayStation Portable. In addition, it is light but not so much as to feel cheap. In fact, it has a rather premium feel to it; unlike the fragile PSP 2000 or PSP 3000, or even the newly-released and tacky E-1000 series. This is one classy piece of gadgetry, complete with a metallic trim to boot.The analog sticks provide for tactile feedback and its buttons reciprocate with a satisfying click when used. Our only grouse: Slots for the memory card and games feel like they've been blindly taken from an economy-class camera - they're made of plastic, prone to breaking and feel out of place with the rest of the device.User interface Unlike the PS3 and the PSP, the Vita sports a UI quite similar to what you'd expect on an Android smartphone or an iOS gadget like the iPad or iPhone. Dubbed Live Area, there are icons for each function , such as settings, friends lists, camera and the games you have installed. Navigating through it is quite simple and, again, similar to how most touchscreen devices operate: Just tap on whatever you want to access. You can't use any of the buttons, analog sticks or directional pad when browsing through the UI.Gameplay I managed to play through Uncharted: Golden Abyss, a portable production of the PS3 series starring Sony titular treasure hunter, Nathan Drake (think of it as Tomb Raider, except with better writing and even better gameplay). And I'm happy to report that U:GA looks like a PS3 game in terms of graphical prowess. Slick water effects as well as gorgeous lighting and shadows make this title an absolute stunner and a sign of what is capable on this handheld in terms of presentation.And rather than using buttons, I preferred to use the touchscreen whenever necessary; be it for jumping across a cliff or simply tracing a path to navigate across the screen; it just felt a lot more intuitive ...Instead of using the analog sticks to aim, I ended up using the rear touchpad as it felt a lot more accurate. Both the touchscreen and touchpad felt extremely responsive, making the whole experience sublime - quite promising in terms of the innovations that developers can hope to bring to newer games in terms of control options.Battery life is just above average with the Vita copping out after 5 hours of gaming , movies and music.Videos, music and content Speaking of music and movies, uploading such content to the console is pretty simple thanks to its Content Manager Assistant. You don't even need to touch your PC after installing it; and transfers happen with a few taps after you connect it to your PC via USB.Videos and photos look amazingly crisp on its 5-inch display with vibrant colours and great contrast, though sound is best experienced with headphones as the speakers don't quite do the job. exclusives are available too, including Escape Plan - a monochrome puzzle game with oodles of humour and Little Deviants - a collection of mini-games sporting a kitschy art; both of which are refreshingly different from the usual menagerie of sports, action and fighting games.In the near future, users can also expect social networking apps such as Facebook, Skype , Twitter and Foursquare that will be available for download from the PlayStation Store.The downside is that you'll be paying a steep price, between 1,999 and 2,799, for new game titles.In conclusion So, there's a great line-up of games and even more to come, good hardware and more than adequate media playback, but there's a catch. The cost plays spoilsport. Not only would you need to shell out at least Rs 19,990 for the Vita (Rs 24,990 if you want a 3G-enabled version), but you'll also need to buy Sony's proprietary memory cards for it. Reason? Some games such as Uncharted won't even start without them. With memory cards ranging from Rs 1,625 for 4GB all the way up to Rs 3,999 for 16GB, the Vita seems to be a rather expensive proposition.What to expect in near future Unlike most launch line-ups that are filled with games featuring prettier graphics there's some merit in Vita's games. While Uncharted, FIFA and Marvel Vs Capcom are franchises that already exist on home consoles, they all make fantastic use of the variety of controls - including the touchscreen and rear touchpad - available on this handheld. If this wasn't enough, some fresh Vita", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12041686", "title": "Upcoming budget may bring some good news for ailing Air India", "text": "NEW DELHI: There could be some good news for ailing Air India in the upcoming budget with the government considering a support package of about Rs 10,000 crore for it, including Rs 6,600 crore worth of equity infusion.The Union Cabinet is expected to consider this package shortly to enable inclusion of the provision in the general budget, official sources said, adding that a Cabinet note has already been circulated for comments from various ministries.The cash-strapped airline is likely to get a Rs 10,000 crore package in the next financial year, including additional equity of Rs 6,600 crore and other support, the sources said.The move comes two weeks after a Group of Ministers, headed by Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee, cleared the financial restructuring plan for the cash-starved national carrier, allowing it to raise Rs 7,400 crore by issuing government-guaranteed bonds or other means.The bond is likely to carry a coupon rate of 8.5-9 per cent and financial institutions, who have lent money to Air India, may subscribe to these bonds, the sources said.The entire package was suggested by the GoM as part of the airline's financial restructuring and turnaround plan. The government has invested Rs 1,200 crore this year, taking Air India's equity base to Rs 3,345 crore.The infusion of funds would come in time for Air India to induct the much-delayed Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft, the first of which is likely to join the fleet in April.Full Coverage on Budget 2012: Budget 2012 \u00bb Rail Budget 2012 \u00bb Pre Budget 2012 \u00bb Budget News 2012 \u00bb", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12037810", "title": "Crow deaths mystery continues", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Mystery continues to shroud the series of deaths of crows in Maulana Azad garden. So far no report has been received against the samples of crows forwarded to High Security Animal Disease Laboratory (HSADL), Bhopal. Perplexed Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC) has extended the closure of the garden by 10 more days following suggestion of animal husbandry department.Continuous deaths of crows in Azad garden had alarmed the CMC authorities earlier this month. Flock of crows infected by the mysterious diseases were regularly being found dead in the garden. After the authorities of district veterinary polyclinic were summoned for inspection, they had suggested for closure of Azad garden for two weeks. Accordingly the garden was closed for the public till February 25. Intense fogging was carried out in the garden and entire premise was dusted with lime powder as a preventive measure to curb spread of any virus outside.While speculation was rife about the spread of some deadly avian disease among crows, vets from polyclinic had collected samples of crows and forwarded it to HSADL, Bhopal. Even as period of closure came to an end on Saturday, no report was received from the Bhopal-based lab. Meanwhile, the deaths of crows in garden premises have continued and over 85 deaths have been reported so far. But intensity of deaths of crow has reportedly diminished since last few days.Assistant commissioner, district veterinary polyclinic, AN Somnathe said, \"We have not received any report from the Bhopal lab. This indicates that tests over crow samples have proved negative to any avian disease threatening human being.\"\"As per procedure, if tests turn out positive to some deadly disease, HSADL, Bhopal forwards its report to central government, which in turn intimates state government. In such case of emergency, district veterinary polyclinic is warned urgently through animal husbandry department. But, it's been over 15 days since sample was sent to Bhopal. It is likely that the tests turned negative,\" Somnathe explained.He said that the crow deaths in garden have continued, but their intensity has decreased considerably. \"Last death of single crow was reported on Thursday. I have suggested CMC authorities to extend the closure of Azad garden, until deaths of crows comes to an end,\" he said.Administrator of CMC NB Wati said, \"Unless the veterinary polyclinic gives a green signal we will continue to keep the garden closed for public. Accordingly the garden has been closed till March 5.\"Bor deaths on the riseWhile the mystery over crow deaths remains unresolved, authorities are also in dark over series of deaths of domestic boars in the town. More than 80 boars have died this month. After the issue was brought into the notice of veterinary authorities, they carried out post mortem on the carcasses and had forwarded the samples to veterinary college in Nagpur. Reports of these samples too have not been received so far. Assistant commissioner, district veterinary polyclinic, AN Somnathe said that the report over swine deaths is expected by Tuesday. Earlier he had maintained that deaths of crows and swine in town have no connection with each other and these swine deaths pose no threat to humans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040114", "title": "Autorickshaw drivers fleece commuters during token strike", "text": "PUNE: The token strike in protest against compulsory electronic meters in autorickshaws was used by some to over-charge helpless commuters.The Rickshaw Panchayat had announced the strike from noon till 5 pm on Saturday to protest the state government's diktat to switch to electronic meters till May 1. Besides, the unions used the occasion to highlight their long-standing demand of pension for drivers and unorganized workers in the city.The strike caused inconvenience to many. Pragya Jain, a student at Sinhgad Institute of Management, said, \"I commute to college every day by a rickshaw. I had to go back home because the rickshaw drivers were charging a steep price.\"Sandhya Achrekar, a resident of Aundh, recounts her difficulty. \"It took me almost an hour to get an autorickshaw because the drivers were unwilling to go anywhere. In the end, I had to relent to their demand and pay an exhorbitant sum to get to work,\" she said. Achrekar had to cough up Rs 150 for a distance which would normally cost her less than Rs 90.One Varun Mishra had to pay more than three times the normal amount to reach Koregaon Park. \"I would have paid Rs 80 on normal days but today I ended up paying Rs 250 because the autorickshaw driver would not budge,\" he said. 72-year-old S K Tamhane said the strike 'handicapped' him. \"I wanted to go to Deccan Gymkhana but there were no rickshaws on the road. The government's decision to introduce electronic meters is a good initiative as it would eliminate meter-tampering and subsequent overcharging,\" he said.Despite the strike, a few autorickshaws could be seen on the road. Manesh, an autorickshaw driver, said, \"My monthly income would be affected if I don't ply the vehicle every day. This is a source of livelihood. I attended the protest but decided to take a chance and start playing.\"Another autorickshaw driver, who refused to be named, said that they were demanding more money because the safety of their vehicles was at stake. \"My autorickshaw could be vandalised if I am found plying today. So, I am charging more from commuters because I am risking my autorickshaw and my own safety.\"Asked if going on strike was the right option to express their protest, the autorickshaw driver said, \"Strike is a way of protesting. We've been demanding a pension scheme for a long time. Also, the government should give us subsidies to install electronic meter, which are very costly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12037945", "title": "Congress ups ante against health minister over hooch deaths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Stepping up its attack on health minister Prasanna Acharya, Congress reiterated its demand on Saturday for the minister's immediate ouster over the recent toxic alcohol deaths and also arrest of senior officers responsible for the tragedy.Leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh, who on Friday sought Acharya's removal on grounds that the government had attributed the deaths to consumption of medicines containing alcohol, continued to press for the minister's resignation and also sought a statement from chief minister Naveen Patnaik in this regard.\"The House has a right to know why the health minister and health department officers should not be held responsible for the death of 40 people. The chief minister should make a statement on this,\" Singh said.Congress members pointed out that senior government officers, including twin city police commissioner, had on record said the tragedy was because of spurious drugs and questioned the government's 'partisan' approach in heaping blame on the excise department while sparing the health department. \"When the deaths were due to consumption of spurious drugs, how is it that the excise department is responsible, but not the health department?\" wondered Singh, demanding that Acharya should quit like excise minister A U Singhdeo did in the wake of the tragedy.Demanding a debate on the role of the health department in the deaths in Cuttack and Khurda districts, Singh said Pradeep Maharathy and A U Singhdeo were forced to step down from the Naveen Patnaik ministry over the alleged Pipili gang rape and alcohol tragedy episodes respectively because panchayat polls were round the corner. But the CM was protecting Acharya, he alleged.Singh's party mate S S Saluja also flayed the health department and sought the arrest of the health minister, health secretary, drugs controller and drugs inspector under section 302 (murder) of IPC on grounds that they were responsible for the 40 lives that were lost in the tragedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039302", "title": "Burail jail inspected", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana high court Justice Alok Singh on Saturday inspected Model Jail Burail and interacted with the prisoners along with jail officials. District and session Judge S K Goel, Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) J S Sidhu and IG (prisons) Alok Kumar accompanying Justice Singh during the visit.Life convict Raj Pal appeared before Justice Alok Singh. He said the orders regarding his pre-mature release have been passed, but he is unable to furnish surety.Justice Singh issued directions to the jail authorities for sending his case to the district and sessions judge for the consideration.Apart from interacting with prisoners, Justice Singh and other officials also checked ongoing workshops and kitchen of Model Burail Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12039352", "title": "Stray leopard has retreated to forest area, claim officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: The stray leopard, which left half a dozen people injured in a village in Gorakhpur, on Friday, has retreated back to the forest. The big cat was not spotted on Saturday, and forest officers, said it could have gone back to the forest, from where it had ventured out.\"There are very little chances that it could still be present in the village,\" said AP Tripathi, DFO, Gorakhpur. It was on Friday morning, that an adult leopard was spotted in human settlements, in Jungledumri village, of Gorakhpur, under Gulariha police station. Villagers panicked to see a leopard, inside the village. And, it was the panic, and the effort to drive the big cat out of the village, which left about six of them injured. The forest department had put up enclosures at the place, and was trying to allow the stray big cat to return to the forest area on its own.The village, Jungledumri, has forest, about 2 kilometres away. The forest officers believe it to be a stray leopard from Sohagibarwa sanctuary, as the forest in the vicinity of the village, does not have a leopard population. The forest officers, however, are still manning the village. \"We will keep a watch for three days, to make it sure, that the big cat has left the village,\" said the DFO.Leopards, otherwise also, are known to exist in the periphery of forest and keep straying into villages, outside forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12038898", "title": "Avalanches damage fencing along LoC", "text": "SRINAGAR: Avalanches in Kashmir have caused \"extensive\" damage to the fencing along the LoC in the Valley, posing a fresh challenge to the anti-infiltration grid, the Army said on Saturday.The Army was also reviewing the feasibility of abandoning some posts near the Line of Control in wake of the looming threat of fresh avalanches.\"There has been extensive damage to the fence in many areas, especially along the Shamsabari (mountain) range,\" General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of Northern Command Lt Gen K T Parnaik said.The fence along the LoC was erected in 2004 as part of the counter-infiltration measures and has been vital in checking infiltration. Lt Gen Parnaik said there was so much snow in the area that it has even buried the fence. \"This is a yearly phenomenon but this year the snow has been rather heavy... the fence has got damaged.In fact, there is so much of snow that it has got over the fence,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039880", "title": "'Match-fixing' in Porvorim?", "text": "PANAJI: With a week left to go for polling day, March 3, Porvorim is abuzz with talks of \"match-fixing\" to help the BJP win the seat in this new constituency.Porvorim constituency comprises the villages of Socorro, Salvador do Mundo and Penha da Franca including the semi-urban plateau which has a large number of voters, predominantly new settlers. The areas now under the Porvorim constituency used to be in the jurisdiction of the Aldona constituency in the last assembly election of 2007, and the current Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar still fancies his chances of changing political equations in the new constituency although he has decided to contest the Aldona seat.NCP candidate Fermeena Khaunte contested the 2007 assembly election where she won 5,298 votes. A large percentage of these votes were gained on the anti-IT Park stance that she had adopted. Narvekar was the IT minister and had proposed building an IT Park in Socorro, which drew strong opposition from locals. Both Khaunte and the BJP, represented by its candidate Kunda Chodankar also adopted an anti-IT Park stance which saw them gain a significant number of votes from the native people living in the valley areas of Socorro and Salvador do Mundo. The case is now in the high court as villagers say it is being built in private forest area. Ironically, both Fermeena Khaunte and the BJP's candidate Govind Parvatkar have given an indication of a U-turn on the issue now, citing that \"some areas are not in private forest\".Initially, Parvatkar was termed as a \"weak candidate\". This conclusion was drawn as political analysts were aware that Rohan Khaunte was receiving proxy support from the BJP. Having undertaken various projects including free eye camps, farmers' clubs, and health clinics for women and children in the constituency over the last two years, Khaunte had emerged a strong candidate and his name had also figured as a contender for the BJP-MGP alliance ticket as his close proximity to opposition leader Manohar Parrikar is well known in political and social circles.\"In the beginning, he (Rohan Khaunte) started telling people that he was supported by the BJP. But now his bubble has burst,\" said Parvatkar, who claims that the BJP's 5,000-odd voter base will hold him in good stead at the hustings.Parrikar's silence over his support to Parvatkar's candidature was a big question mark over the last few weeks. On Saturday, that silence was broken as the opposition leader made his presence felt in different areas of the constituency. At a public meeting on Saturday, Parrikar surprised many as he went all out against Rohan Khaunte.The Porvorim constituency has a mixed demography with almost 6,000 minority votes. Parvatkar claims that he also has the support of the NCP as its voter base has been broken with the entry of Venkatesh Prabhu Moni to the BJP. \"Under the banner of United Porvorkars, I have the support of Congress and NCP workers as well,\" he said.Political analysts point out to match-fixing by Narvekar and the BJP. Sources say that a deal has been worked out that Narvekar's supporters will work for the BJP in Porvorim and Tivim constituencies in return the BJP works for him in Aldona. \"I am certainly not supporting Rohan Khaunte, while nobody from the NCP has asked me to support its candidate. My workers are free to support whom they want,\" said Narvekar.Both Parrikar and Narvekar have also pointed out to Rohan Khaunte's background in real estate, while speaking to voters in the constituency. Rohan Khaunte held a press conference earlier this week, dismissing the threat by United Porvorkars and claimed that he had the support of most of the panchayat members of Socorro, Salvador do Mundo and Penha da Franca.On the other hand, Fermeena Khaunte claims that although Prabhu Moni is no longer with the NCP, she continues to have the support of the party workers as well as Congress workers in Porvorim.The constituency also has a slum vote bank of around 2,500 persons with one settlement at the 20-point programme colony near the Socorro panchayat and the other in Penha da Franca. Largely said to be Narvekar's supporters, Rohan Khaunte is said to have made inroads into this segment of voters of late.While the above three candidates are said to be strong contenders for the seat, others in the election fray are Raju D'Souza, contesting on a Samajvadi Janata Party ticket and Umesh Narvekar, an independent.Over the years, Porvorim Residents Welfare Association secretary Juino de Souza has been raising issues that the urban area on the plateau needed its own municipality as its present geography is spread over six panchayats. \"There is no one to address the basis issues facing Porvorim such as garbage, water, electricity,\" he said.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12040081", "title": "Congress, BJP demand probe into \u2018bogus\u2019 voter ID cards", "text": "NASHIK: Local Congress and BJP leaders met district collector P Velrasu and demanded an inquiry into allegations of bogus voter identity cards in circulation. The collector said that he would take action if anything was found to be amiss.One Kanhaiyya Pardeshi told some television broadcast stations in Mumbai that he was working as a data entry operator in 'Aathish Infotech' in Nashik and alleged that they were preparing bogus election identity cards and the monogram was being affixed.Based on Nashik-based Pardeshi's comments, the police rushed to the premises of contractor Vijay Kasbe, who claimed that he was authorized to print and prepare the identity cards and that there was no illegal work done at his workshop.Velrasu told former minister and MLA Shobha Bachchhav (from Congress), Gopal Patil, Satish Shukla (both BJP) and a number of others who met him demanding cancellation of elections and action against those who have connived with the crooks in designing and distributing bogus election identity cards, that action if required will be taken against the offenders.\"We have not received any complaint. Neither has police arrested anybody so far. Our officials who rushed to the spot say the things are there as they should be. We have no base to act against anybody. The person is the legal vendor of the state election commission (SEC). Unless we find anything, we will not be able to act,\" Velrasu said. Deputy police commissioner Sahebrao Patil said that the police action was based only on the reports that were telecast.\"We visited the house of Kasbe to only inquire about the issue. But we have nothing against them. Even the revenue officials said things are genuine,\" he said.A caller told some TV broadcast stations in Mumbai that a firm he was working at as a data entry operator was preparing bogus election identity cards and that fake monograms were being affixed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037835", "title": "A group of youngsters to celebrate Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: A group of youngsters wanted to celebrate the beauty and culture of Kerala and its people. And they worked towards realizing it by roping in the Kerala Tourism department. Finally they succeeded when the department agreed to jointly organize 'Celebrate Keralam', a week-long festival which will be held in Kochi in mid-April. The festival will provide a platform for some of talented faces including popular pop music brands, artists, photographers, documentary film makers, et al.\"We did extensive research on Kerala before jumping into the concept blindly. Our idea was to make the youngsters and the tourists aware of the culture here,\" said Rajashekaran V Das, an advertising professional and one of the main concept heads of this team of youngsters.It took about four years to realize the dream of 'Celebrate Keralam', they said. \"Photographers in this group travelled extensively all these years to come out with the photos for the exhibition,\" says Ajay Menon, managing director of a media design company and the lead contributor of photographs for the photo exhibition of the festival.The entire project is guided by Malayalam film director Lal Jose. Many international teams from India and Dubai work in tandem with the project.\"Kerala's beauty, people, history, etc, are unparalleled. So is its musical culture. Our band will create new songs for this upcoming festival,\" said Rex Vijayan of Avial, a popular Malayalee rock band.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038132", "title": "Helpline for board got 10,000 calls last year", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has launched a toll-free helpline 1800 233 5500 for students of SSC and HSC science and general stream. They can seek answers to their queries regarding the exams and alleviate their anxiety. Officials said that analysis of over 9,000 calls received in 2011 revealed that 70% callers were students who cleared their doubts regarding the paper style, preparation for exams and tips on how to score better marks.Thirty per cent calls are from students who are stressed about the exams and seek help with regards to enhancing their memory, tackling anxiety and pressure from the parents and teachers about their performance in the exams.Officials said that of the 9,946 calls received by the helpline, 840 were from students who were intelligent and had scored between 80% and 90% in the prelim exams but were in doubt of performing well in the board exams.\"Maximum anxiety is seen among brilliant students who scored very good marks in the prelim exams. The students are under immense pressure not only from parents, teachers but also themselves. They want to perform the best. So, they feel anxious. Many want to seek a drop\", said officials.Most of the calls (2,138) were from Ahmedabad, while 912 from Rajkot, 783 from Bhavnagar, 205 from Panchmahal and 95 from Dahod.SSC students who were appearing for board exams for the first time made maximum 6,043 calls. Their main queries included how to write the exam to score better, whether the questions would come from guides or supplementary books or should they stick to only textbooks.HSC (science) students made 1,450 calls. Their queries related to mainly four main subjects - maths, physics, chemistry and biology.Students also asked for how many hours they should read and got special tips about writing the paper in a better manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "12039044", "title": "14-year-old girl killed during robbery bid", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A 14-year-old girl, Shivani Sutar, succumbed to serious head injuries after a gang of unidentified robbers barged into her house near Mahad in Raigad and assaulted the victim and her family members.The robbers attacked the family members with wooden sticks at their residence on the outskirts of Birwadi village. While the victim's father and two sisters sustained injuries, Shivani later died due to excessive bleeding and other complications.Angry villagers staged a demonstration on the Mumbai-Goa highway at Mahad. The Raigad police dispersed the protesters after 90 minutes. Raigad superintendent of police R D Shinde told TOI, \"We have formed seven teams to detect the case of robbery and murder.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037568", "title": "AMRI chargesheet on February 29", "text": "KOLKATA: The city police are busy firming up the charges against the accused in the AMRI fire case. It is likely to submit the chargesheet to the Alipore chief judicial magistrate on February 29. Investigators are going through the details of the chargesheet that is expected nearly 80 days after the police arrested seven AMRI directors.According to sources in the state secretariat, police commissioner R K Pachnanda and city detective chief Damayanti Sen called on chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the Writer's on Saturday to update the CM on the investigation.Initial probe revealed that the hospital authorities neglected all the fire safety measures, denied access of fire brigade and wasted crucial time leading to the huge tragedy. The police also confirmed the criminal neglect of the authority in turning the basement of the hospital building into office and diagnostic centre.During probe, the detective department rounded up 13 top officials and directors and booked them for culpable homicide. Three among the nine arrested directors - Pranob Dasgupta, Mani Chhetri and R S Agarwal - were released on bail. Rest six directors and four management staffers are still in judicial custody.Police sources hinted that 16 people have been nailed for having a hand in the tragedy. Apart from 13 persons who were arrested, three other directors will have to face the charge. All three directors - Aditya Agarwal, Rahul Todi and Preeti Surekha - will be shown absconding in the charge sheet, hinted the investigators.Senior police officers huddled into a meeting after their discussion with the CM and fixed February 29 as the tentative date for filing the chargesheet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12037277", "title": "Decomposed body found in Versova, 1 detained", "text": "MUMBAI: The decomposed body of an unidentified woman was found in Versova on Saturday and a Lokhandwala resident has been detained for questioning in the case. Cops say the man had requested an ambulance driver to help him dispose the body but later denied the request.The Versova police had found the body dumped behind a container cabin near the Siddharth Nagar slum. They managed to trace an ambulance driver, who told them that a man had called him on Friday night, asking for help to transport a body. The driver said he had asked the man for a death certificate, which he said he did not have. The driver then refused to transport the body. Cops traced the man to his Andheri flat based on the phone number the driver gave them.The woman who opened the door said her husband had gone to the police station with his advocate, but cops broke into the house and found the suspect inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038957", "title": "BJP kickstarts campaign today", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the matter related to reservation of seats is still pending before the Delhi high court, the BJP has decided to kickstart its campaign for the upcoming municipal elections from Sunday. The party has organized a special meet of party workers at Ramlila Grounds on Sunday. Sources say that close to one lakh party workers will participate in Vijay Sankalp Diwas celebration.\"We are officially going to start the campaigning for municipal polls from Sunday. In the special meet, party workers will be informed about the party's plan for the municipal elections. We have to start the work early so that we can return with full majority in all the three corporations,'' said Vijender Gupta, president, Delhi BJP, who spearheaded the 15-day long Jan Sangharsh Yatra in the capital. \"We have assessed the general mood in the city during our Jan Sangharsh Yatra. People are fed up with the government both at the Centre and in Delhi,\" he further added.With nearly a month left for municipal polls, the BJP is planning to expedite the process of finalizing the candidates. The party has already conducted a survey to identify suitable candidates from each ward. \"We had formed 14 teams of observers who had visited 272 wards and identified BJP workers at ward and district level who can be ideal candidates. Nearly 2000 BJP workers have been shortlisted by the teams of observers. The final process will begin soon,'' said a senior BJP leader.Senior party leaders like LK Advani , Sushma Swaraj , Arun Jaitley , Venkaiah Naidu among others will be present on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12040092", "title": "Three burglaries, Rs 2.2L stolen", "text": "NASHIK: Articles worth Rs 60,000 including silver coins were reported stolen in an incident of house break-in, in Mahatmanagar. A complaint has been lodged at the Gangapur police station. Nimish Bhandari, a resident of Mahatmanagar said that on February 23 between 8am and 4pm, some unidentified persons broke open the lock of his flat and decamped with valuables worth Rs 60,000, including silver coins.In a similar case, also registered at the Gangapur police station by one Ravindra Devdhar, burglars allegedly stole Rs 46,000 from another locked flat in Mahatmanagar sometime between February 21 and 22. In the third incident which took place at Indira Nagar, unidentified persons broke into a flat belonging to Santosh Bhong of Chetna Nagar and made away with jewellery worth Rs 1.14 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037936", "title": "Akola Digest", "text": "Minors booked for sodomyAkola : Two juveniles conflict with the law were booked under section 377 of Indian Penal Code for committing unnatural sex ( sodomy) on a Std IV student at Zilla Parishad Urdu school near Lokhandi bridge three days ago. Though the heinous crime took place three days ago, the complaint was filed at Old City police station on Friday. The age of two juveniles are stated to be 16 and 18. Old City police are further investigating.Villagers blacken MSEDCL official's faceAkola: MSEDCL's decision to disconnect power supply to agriculture pumps without prior notice didn't go down well with the villagers at Undri in Chikhli taluka of Buldhana district, who blackened the face of the officer in protest on Thursday. Similarly, despite the farmers of Vairagad Harni paid the bill, issued in March April last year, in Dec 2011, they were asked to pay the bills again. MSEDCL official clarified that they have just acted upon order issued by seniors.Later, the sarpanch of village Vairgad discussed the issue with MSEDCL's senior officials.NCP leader arrested, hospitalized laterAkola: District chief of NCP youth wing Shivraj Mohod, who was arrested for obstructing election work on February 16, was hospitalized due to indisposition on Friday night. Police said that Shivraj, who had unsuccessfully contested the election, had forcibly entered the polling booth. He was booked under section 353 of IPC (obstructing government work) and section 132 of Peoples Representation Act. He succeeded in getting anticipatory bail from the court. Police, however, arrested him under section 110 of CrPC as preventive measure on Friday evening. He was produced before the magistrate who directed to send him to jail late last night. However, after that he was hospitalized due to sudden deterioration in health.Rajendra Tayde passes awayAkola: Popular Communist leader and senior member of Akola Bar Association advocate Rajendra Tayde (58) passed away late last night due to ill health. He leaves behind wife, son and daughter to mourn his loss. He was cremated on Saturday afternoon noon in the presence of hundreds of mourners from all walks of life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038260", "title": "Making cultural history and heritage of city a child's affair", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a first of its kind effort to link the new generation kids with Ahmedabad's rich past, heritage conservation organizations have come forward with a fresh concept of educational heritage walk for kids.The concept of walk, which is developed by Raheel Patel of Vaarso Foundation, has been considered \"a significant development\" by World Unesco , Cultural Unit in New Delhi. The three types of routes have been developed targeting various age groups and the common starting point for these three educational walks Jethabhai Sheth ni haveli, about 350 year old structure in Dhobi ni pol.Raheel Patel, brain behind these walks, says, \"We have designed the kid's heritage walk to educate our next generation. We aim to create opportunity for the new generation to revisit our age old monumental heritage and get an experience of fabric of pols and its community culture.\"Three special routes covering one to one and half km distance in surroundings of Dhobi ni pol are designed for various age groups, route A is for age 6 to 12, route B for age13 to 17, route C for 18 and above. All walks will start after showcasing a film. \"With sponsorship of Foundation of Public Interest, we have designed a 14-minute animation educational film talking about the city's history. Beginning with \"jab kutte pe sassa aya\"-a myth associated with city's inception, the storyline of contains the rich and fading culture of the pols, its unique architecture and lifestyle. The 14-minute film with the mascot Chel - a popular character from Chel-Chabo series of short stories from Gujarati literature, and uses the bhavai form to portrays the city's history.\"The children will also see vintage wooden toys and craft collection, museum of miniature kites along with the old havelis and pols. The walk will be routinely conducted during morning hours.\"The walks would be given free of cost for municipal school kids; while the students of private schools can avail it with nominal token chargesHowever, we are in talks with various organisations as well as governmental authorities for support so that these walks can be given free of cost for all students,\" said PatelBoxStart: Jethabhai ni haveli, Dhobi ni polLength: One and a half kmDate: Starting from March", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037374", "title": "Twitter, twitter, big stars", "text": "They are not actors with the paparazzi at their heels. They're not politicians with their sound-bytes dominating television news. Neither are they rock stars with a new hit single on the way. They are just regular people with day jobs. Some, even students. But they have thousands of dedicated followers lapping up every character they post on Twitter - be it as mundane as what they had for lunch and web links to things they like, or as relevant as a comment on the day's political developments. Social anthropologist Shiv Visvanathan says that with this phenomenon, \"everydayness has found its heroes.\"In India, while people like Shashi Tharoor and Priyanka Chopra command an online following for being the offline personalities that they are, Tweeple like Ramesh Srivats, Priyanka Sachar, Abhishek Asthana, Kiran Manral and Surekha Pillai, or Krish Ashok attract a following purely on the basis of content they tweet. They are homegrown Twitter celebrities. Their followers may not run into millions but tweeting has earned them online acclaim.While most win for the general wit and topicality of their microblogs, there are others who stick to a broad area of interest. Like chef @madmanweb for food and cooking, @sunnychl for gadgets and technology, @pranesh_prakash for cyber law and Internet advocacy or @acorn for international policy and governance. And if your sphere of influence is large enough, it's easy to get noticed as a writer, get into the stand-up circuit, or even be picked up by savvy marketers to plug their products.25-year-old Abhishek Asthana, whose Twitter identity is \"@GabbbarSingh\" (with three Bs) says online popularity came to him by chance. Back in 2010 he wanted to write a humorous blog post about the cast of Sholay tweeting at each other. The only option he saw was to create those accounts, tweet, and use screenshots. \"I just created the Gabbar account and posted a couple of tweets. When I checked back after some time I already had some 50 followers - and it was 1,000 in the first couple of months,\" says Asthana, whose Twitter bio reads \"Leaves you with two limbs less\". He now tweets as himself rather than the terror of Ramgarh. He has over 17,500 followers now.He's not the only one who started out thinking an online alter ego would be fun. Mumbai-based freelance writer Utsav Chakraborty, better known as @SatanBhagat on Twitter, started out lampooning writer Chetan Bhagat. The other option he considered was \"@arundhatidroid\", a parody account of writer-activist Arundhati Roy . \"She stopped being in the news suddenly. So I thought I'd stick with Chetan Bhagat,\" says the 21-year-old, who today has a following of over 13,000 on Twitter. But there was only so much milking the proverbial cow. \"I ran out of Chetan Bhagat jokes in three months. Now I tweet about pop culture, politics - anything,\" says Chakraborty, who uses his photoshop skills to create mock covers of Chetan Bhagat books (Ovulation 2020, anyone?) and indeed, Chetan Bhagat display pictures.Though the numbers are small, getting recognized by strangers in the offline world is not a rarity. Advertising professional and author Kiran Manral has experienced another kind of popularity. Her son, frequently mentioned as \"the brat\" in her tweets gets recognized at airport lounges and malls. Photographer Priyanka Sachar, or \"@twilightfairy\" is says she is often surprised to find that people recognise her. \"I never put up my own pictures online. I don't know how they know it's me,\" says Sachar, though she adds that it could be because of her presence on Wordpress and Flickr , and the fact that she has organized various bloggers' meets and tweetups in the past.Savvy marketers see this as a great opportunity to plug their products. Asthana has received offers in the past for promotional tweeting from corporates - something he avoids now. \"I didn't want to sell out,\" explains the B-school student. Chakraborty, also did similar \"random promotions for freebies\". He finally appeared on the stand up scene last year. \"The remuneration was better. A lot of jokes at these events end up being Twitter-based,\" he says.Writer and stand-up comic Gursimran Khamba, who enjoys a wild popularity both on his blog and Twitter with nearly 20,000 followers, loathes the \"Twitter celebrity\" tag and feels its just a concept coming from journalists new to and awed by Twitter. \"Any one with a basic sense of mathematics should be able to figure out that a few thousand followers out of the Indian population of 1.2 billion is nothing,\" says Khamba, 25, who is a post-grad student in Mumbai.Visvanathan says it's about finding like-minded people. \"It's the power of conversation and enjoying each others' company and an exchange of ideas like in the old times. They are not celebrities in the strictest sense of the term. Celebrities are people who are not themselves. Their image is bigger than their person. Here, substance is bigger than the image,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12038201", "title": "Dream on, Ludhiana", "text": "Flowing through the heart of the city, the Sidhwan Canal should have been an asset for Ludhiana. However, lack of sincerity or interest of various departments has turned the reservoir into a garbage dump, a site for traffic jams and accidents and a den for anti-socials. Despite several announcements the authorities have not paid attention towards its beautification or development.GARBAGE | Lined with heaps of polythene bags, the dry canal looks like a garbage dump. People also throw coconuts and the remains from religious ceremonies into it. The Punjab and Haryana high court has imposed a ban on throwing anything in the canal but the authorities have only put up some sign boards warning people about the court ruling. No action has been taken against offenders.The buck stops here: District administration and MCSECURITY | There is no security near the canal. Making the most of it, anti-socials sit under the bridges and have their way.The buck stops here: PoliceACCIDENT PRONE | With the rise in number of residential colonies along the canal, vehicular movement has gone up too. The canal has no boundary walls because of which many vehicles fall into the canal, causing accidents.Streetlights installed along the canal also don't function most of the time.The buck stops here: PWD (bridges and roads) and MC's light branchSOUTHERN BYPASS | PWD (bridges and roads) department had started a Rs 425 crore-project in 2009 for decongesting traffic on Dugri, Malerkotla, Dhuri Railway Line, Pakhowal Road and Ferozepur railway line. But residents have been left in the lurch with work carrying on at snail's pace. The project was supposed to be completed by the end of February but there are no signs of its completion.The buck stops here: Railways and PWDTRAFFIC WOES | A drive along the canal is always tough for residents even though many have to take the route to travel to Chandigarh or Delhi. Bridges constructed over the canal are very congested and at a time only one vehicle can pass.The buck stops here: PWD and MCDUST AND STINK | The road beside the canal has washed away at certain points and it is difficult to drive through because of the dust. The garbage heap in the canal also makes the place stink.The buck stops here: Irrigation department", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037773", "title": "Partha seeks SEZ extension papers", "text": "KOLKATA: Amidst controversy over recommending extension of the special economic zone status (in principle) to the Srei Infrastructure Development (SIDL) auto component park, state commerce and industries minister Partha Chatterjee has asked for the papers relating to the extension.The state government, though it is opposed to SEZs, had recommended the extension of the time frame for the auto component SEZ of Srei Infrastructure Development in November 2011. Chatterjee told TOI that he was not aware of the extension. He made it clear that if required, the government would write to the Board of Approval (BOA) of the Union ministry of commerce to reverse the decision. BOA is the final authority for approval and extension of SEZ.\"We are reiterating that the state government is in principle opposed to SEZs. We do not know how the SEZ has got state recommendation for extension. But if required, we shall write to the concerned authority. I shall go through all the papers,\" he added.Interestingly, the then industry secretary Dipankar Mukhopadhay, whose view was sought by BOA while considering the extension request of Srei, sang a different tune. Mukhopadhyay, who is in a different department now, feels that Infosys and Srei are two different cases altogether. \"You cannot mix up Srei's case with Infosys. Srei Infrastructure is not a private company. It is a joint venture between WBIIDC of the state government and the Srei Group. So it is a different case. Besides, it was a case of renewal and not a fresh application,\" he added. However, Mukhopadhyay could not recall who gave the recommendation. \"I cannot remember that,\" he added.The SEZ controversy hogged the limelight earlier this month when the state government refused to recommend a project of IT heavyweight Infosys in Rajarhat for SEZ status. A developer gets in-principle approval if it does not have the entire stretch of land sought for the proposed SEZ. The formal approval is granted once it gets the entire stretch of land. In both cases, government recommendation is a must.Srei had proposed to set up an auto component SEZ over 200 hectares (500 acres) in Kharagpur. Till November 2011, it acquired 103.19 acres. The documents available with TOI reveal that Srei had requested BOA to consider an extension for the SEZ in September 2011. The request was considered in the BOA meeting held on September 19, 2011 and was deferred. Subsequently, BOA sought a report from the principal secretary (industry) of the state (then Dipankar Mukhopadhyay) about the justification for the request. BOA got the recommendation from the state government (industry department) on November 14, 2011, for granting further extension to the Srei SEZ. Incidentally, there are six functional SEZs in Bengal. These are the Falta SEZ, the Bantala SEZ, the DLF IT SEZ, the Unitech IT SEZ, the Wipro IT SEZ and the Manikanchan gems SEZ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038480", "title": "HUDA to charge liquor vends with unlawful extensions", "text": "GURGAON: The liquor shops in the city having illegal extensions will soon have to pay extra rent to the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA). \"We have carried out a survey. The liquor shop owners will have to pay rent as soon as the rate is decided,\" said Praveen Kumar , HUDA administrator. Last month, the authority had demolished several makeshift structures that were being used as liquor shops.The survey has revealed that in some places the shopowners had illegally occupied HUDA land measuring up to 1,000 yards.\"The rent will be calculated as per the market rates and the shopowners will have to pay in advance. If a shopowner refuses to pay, the illegal extension of the liquor shop will be demolished and the owner will have to pay the demolition charges,\" added Kumar.Know your limitThe new excise policy puts a restriction on the quantity of liquor that one can possess at a time. In %the case of country liquor, the limit would be 4,500ml. Similarly, one %can carry six bottles of IMFL %(750ml each), 12 bottles of beer (650ml each), six bottles of rum (750ml each), 12 bottles of wine (750ml each) and six bottles of vodka/gin bottles (750ml each)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039348", "title": "Power shutdown tomorrow", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be disrupted in the following areas on Monday from 9am to 5pm due to maintenance works.SK Nagar: GT Court, Mookar Nallamuthu St, 2nd Line Beach, Moore St, Rajaji Salai, Mannady St, Doss Colour Lab, Indian Bank, Thambu Chetty St, Angappan Naickan Linghi Chetty St, Moor St, Rajaji Salai 2nd Lane, Beach Rd, Post Office St, Errabalu St, Adiappan St, Reddy Ram St, Strotten Muthiah St, Ramanujar Iyer St, Ayya Mudalai St, Chandrappa St, Palliappan St, Perumal Mudalai Narayana Mudalai St, Mint St, Vinayaga Mudalai St, Elephant Gate, Vaniar St, Singanna Naickan St, Periyanna MaiStry St, Armenian St, Sembu Doss St, Sathya Nagar, Island Ground (TTDC), Naval Officers Quarters and Mess, Coast Guard, Marshalling Yard, Reserve Bank, Army Quarters, Navy Nagar.Adyar: Taramani, Tanthai Periyar Nagar, part of Kandhanchavadi, MGR Nagar, Kanagam, CSIR road, VV Koil St, KPK Nagar, part of Nehru Nagar.West Mylapore: Dr Radhakrishnan Salai, Royapettah High Rd, VM St, Lloyds Rd 1st &amp; 2nd lanes, TTK Rd, Sripuram 1 &amp; 2, Sri Krishna Puram, Chandra Baugh Avenue, Dr Natesan Rd, Sivasamy Salai, Deiva Sigamani, Lakshmi Puram, Appakannu St, CIT Colony, Judge Jambulingam StSt Thomas Mount: Butt Lane &amp; Rd, Military Quarters, Magazine Rd, St Thomas Mount Hospital, Ramar Koil St, Meenambakkam, Mount Poonamallee Rd, Nandambakkam Main Rd, Wood Creek County, Burma Colony, Nasarathapuram, Sripuram Colony, Alandur, Police Officer Rd, Achuthan Nagar.Villivakkam: MTH Rd, Moorthy Nagar, north &amp; south Tirumalai Nagar, Seeyalam St, Narayana Maistry St, Rajiv Gandhi Nagar, south &amp; east Mada St, Chennai Battai Rd, CTH Rd, Red Hills Rd, Reddy St, Mounasamy Madam St, Devar St, PE Koil south &amp; north Mada St, Mettu St &amp; Lane, Station Rd.Ayanavaram: PE Koil Main St, PE Koil west &amp; north Mada St, Vellala St, Chakkaravarthy Nagar, Thiru Vi Ka St, Muthamman Koil St, Muthamman Nagar, KH Rd, Market St, Link St, Veerasamy St, KK Nagar, Pachakkal Housing Colony &amp; Nagar, Thirumalai Raja St, Palayakara St, Mylappa St, Munusamy St, Appa Durai St, Madurai St, Vasantha Garden, Ganambal Garden, Ganambal Garden, AV Koil St, Ponnusamy St, Pillalinton Rd, Anderson St &amp; Rd, Bangaru St, Srinivasa St.Ambattur Industrial Estate: Koramandal Town, Mangalapuram, Pattaravakkam, Kannan Koil St, Sidco north phase, Bajanai Koil St, Brahmin St, Yadava St, Kulakkarai St, Katchanag Kuppam", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038240", "title": "PMCH to be developed as centre of excellence: Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Bihar CM Nitish Kumar has said the Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) would be converted into a centre of excellence. Inaugurating the 87th foundation day of PMCH and alumni reunion meet on the college premises here on Saturday, the CM also said for second time in as many years that PMCH should be granted functional autonomy.The CM admitted, \"There are some hitches in granting PMCH an autonomous status. The government is looking into the issue.\" In fact, the CM had in 2010 asked the doctors to decide on what form it would take. He had even asked the alumni to constitute an advisory committee of eight to ten members and hand over the proposal to the health ministry. Also, while seeking suggestions of NRI alumni, they were told to send their suggestions through internet in case they fail to be present physically.\"The government will provide all necessary help in strengthening the basic infrastructure of the college,\" the CM said adding the state government will provide the requisite funds to upgrade the college. He also announced sanction of funds for two long-pending demands of doctors and the alumni association - construction of a guest house at a cost of Rs 93 lakh and a hostel worth Rs 13.50 crore - on the college premises. Nitish, had in 2010 agreed to provide fund for construction of guest house and had wished the same should be constructed close to the Ganga to give visitors an opportunity of sight-seeing. The upcoming guest house will be built between the administrative building and department of physiology where the Boys' Common Room is located.Similarly, in 2010 itself, a 1,000-seat convention centre was mooted to be built at the PMCH. On Saturday, the CM reiterated the need for construction of an auditorium and, in no uncertain terms, told PMCH principal, \"You are part of the government and it is your duty to do the ground work for the promises made by the government.\"The CM also had piece of advice to the junior doctors, when he said: \"Those who possess knowledge must not react -- as not reacting to violence is a sign of wisdom.\" At the same time, he expressed concern over the behaviour of attendants of patients who treat doctors in all the three forms - god, human being and wicked.Health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said the government was committed to restore the glory of PMCH. He said, \"I spent a long time here during the 1974 JP stir so I am aware of the problems existing at the grassroots level.\" Doctors from the US, UK, Australia and the Philippines were present on the occasion as well as those from states like Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh and New Delhi. While Dr Ashok Chopra, Dr K M Bhatt and Dr Vinod Kumar Sinha came from US, Dr Chandrahas Rai and Dr Arun Jha from UK and Dr Binod Sinha from the Philippines attended the function.State BJP president and former Union health minister Dr C P Thakur besides principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha were prominent among those attending the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12039776", "title": "Don't vote for corrupt Congress: AIMF", "text": "MARGAO: Appealing to voters not to vote for the \"corrupt Congress government\", All India Minorities' Front (AIMF) president S M Asif alleged that chief minister Digambar Kamat was responsible for illegal mining and asked the electorate to vote for the Trinamool Congress candidate from Margao, Savio Coutinho, instead.While addressing mediapersons on Friday, Asif alleged that Kamat was responsible for the illegal mining of gold and uranium ore from the state to China and that he ought to be imprisoned for the same. Asif sought to know how the central government had not taken any action against illegal mining in Goa yet and added that if looting of the state's resources was not curtailed, its environment and ecology would be destroyed.AIMF representatives said that their slogan is-vote for a corruption-free Goa-and added that they would support honest candidates besides the four candidates they have fielded-Hamza Khan (Vasco), Anwar Sayeed (Fatorda), Manoj Anand (Saligao) and Ilyas Saikh (Navelim).Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038263", "title": "Serial with Upanishad teachings from March 11", "text": "RANCHI: Chandrapakash Dwivedi, who is remembered for his role as 'Chanakya' in the early '90s, visited Ranchi to promote his upcoming venture Upanishad Ganga, a serial produced by Chinmaya Mission that will bring out the essence of the Upanishad teachings.Dwivedi was also accompanied by lead star of Upnishad Ganga, Abhimanyu Singh, who has played many roles like Bukka Reddy in Rakta Charitra. The serial will be telecast on national television from March 11. \"Upanishad Ganga is not merely a television serial, it is a window that offers a glimpse of the ancient culture and value system of India. India is not just a geographical entity, it signifies an entire vision of life which is an art as well as a science of living,\" said Chinmaya Mission representative Swami Atharwan.Abhimanyu said, \"This serial has a sentence for every person in the world. This is made for all. A person can see himself in its characters.\"The serial starts with the story of present and goes back to past. \"We have chosen characters from past as the main characters of the serial because people will remember those names for ages to come but if we used a common man, people would have forgotten him in a few days,\" said the director.\"It is not a commercial but an educational project. Our motto is not the story but the concept behind it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038152", "title": "Cinepolis in red tapism tangle", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Cinepolis multiplex issue may get mired in the slush of red tapism with the latest missive from secretary for information and broadcasting K Kailashnathan asking the Ahmedabad collector to review the procedures involved in issuing of license to the cinema multiplex.The Vastrapur Residents' Association members had been raising objections to the procedural lapses involved in issuing of license to Cinepolis. The members contended that three sides of the multiplex including the area of AlphaOne mall have road widths less than 18 metres which do not permit commercial establishments to be constructed as per general development control regulations. tnnKailashnathan has also taken note that the mall was fined Rs 2 lakh by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation for allegedly dumping sewage water in Vastrapur lake. The management of the mall has denied these charges claiming that the facility has a sewerage treatment plant that treats waste water and that there was no need to dump water illegally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039946", "title": "Gujarat edge out Baroda by two runs", "text": "MUMBAI: The West Zone leg of the Vijay Hazare Trophy is turning out to be a thrilling one indeed. While Mumbai pipped Saurashtra by one wicket at the Wankhede, Gujarat, after looking down and out at one stage, edged out Baroda by two runs in an absolute humdinger at the BKC to stay alive in the race for making it to the knockouts.Baroda required three runs off the last over, with last-wicket pair of Gagandeep Singh and Bhargav Bhatt at the crease. Gujarat chose to go with 18-year-old left-arm spinner Akshar Patel Singh for the final six balls, and went away celebrating as Singh went for a wild swipe off the very first ball only to be caught at deep square-leg.Chasing 197, Baroda's chase stopped at 194.This is one victory Gujarat will rejoice for a while, for they looked dead and buried at one stage, having been reduced to 133/8 by the 36th over after being put in on a ground which had seen scores in excess of 300 in the past two one-day games there.Skipper Niraj Patel's 56 (77b, 7x4) had been the only knock of substance in the innings till then, as Gujarat struggled with early movement and then a couple of run-outs.Medium-pacers Mehul Patel and Amit Singh then rallied their team with a 53-run stand that gave Gujarat a platform to fight on. They eventually finished at 196-9. Interestingly, Yusuf Pathan dropped Ishwar Chaudhary at long-on, and allowed the ball to go for a six in the final over. Had Pathan held on to that fairly easy chance, who knows, Baroda could have won too!\"I told the boys to ensure that we play out the 50 overs. Once that was done, we always had a chance,\" said Niraj Patel.Mehul picked up two crucial wickets later too. An understandably disappointed Baroda skipper Pinal Shah refused to accept the fact that his team took it easy from there, but he did admit that his bowlers \"bowled badly from that stage\". Both the skippers felt Pathan's dropping the catch in the final over proved to be the game-changer.What unfolded during Baroda's chase may have put Shah off even more. Baroda were given a steady 66-run start by openers Kedar Deodhar and Aditya Waghmode. Deodhar then needlessly holed out at long-on off Mohnish Parmar, who has returned to mainstream cricket after re-modelling his action.There was a steady fall of wickets after that, with Ambati Rayudu too contributing to his downfall with a poor shot. Rakesh Solanki held one end up with a sensible 52 (88b, 5x4), but Baroda were much hampered after Yusuf Pathan (3), looking rusty after returning from injury, left early. Swapnil Singh seemed set to take Baroda home, but he too perished to a poor stroke with just five runs left to achieve the target.\"We played some bad shots,\" fumed Shah, singling out \"Deodhar, Rayudu and Swapnil\" as cases in point.\"We have a few youngsters who are new to the experience of this level of cricket,\" he defended his team, before admonishing the seniors.\"On this wicket, experienced batsmen like Rayudu and Pathan need to score.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12039344", "title": "2 employees of UP minority finance corporation held", "text": "LUCKNOW: Economic Offence Wing sleuths along with Hazratganj police nabbed two employees of UP Minority Finance and Development Corporation including an administrative officer in a case of corruption dating back to 2004. The two arrested employees were identified as Sams Menai, who is an administration officer with the corporation and a resident of Rahim Nagar under Mahanagar police station area and Shyam Kumar, a resident of Thakurganj area.According to reports, GM finance and accounts Mansood Akhtar had lodged an FIR of corruption against several employees of the corporation. The matter was being investigated by EOW. Following investigation, names of the two employees also cropped up. It was after this that EOW with the help of Hazratganj police raided the houses of the two employees one by one and nabbed them. The arrests were made between on Friday night, the police said and added that from EOW side, the matter is being investigated by investigating officer SM Manjar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037589", "title": "Campus violence rocks Scottish Church College", "text": "KOLKATA: Days after Calcutta high court stated that college election has become a \"burning\" issue across the state, the spate of union polls violence on Saturday penetrated into the Scottish Church College campus with groups of students owing allegiance to the Students Federation of India (SFI) and Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) clashed with each other.Trouble broke out when TMCP supporters complained that their SFI counterparts were restricting them from collecting nomination forms. They also alleged SFI students intentionally created a clutter and delayed the process of collecting nominations. SFI had won the election last year and is in control of the college union at present.\"The scuffle took place inside the campus between two groups of students. They had no reason to create the ruckus since I had made it clear that nomination forms could be collected from the campus on Monday and Wednesday between 10am and 1pm. We have issued 176 nomination forms. I see no reason why one should stress on collecting nominations on Saturday itself,\" said college principal J Abraham.While TMCP chairman Baishwanar Chattopadhyay blamed SFI for the \"minor\" scuffle, SFI Kolkata district secretary Sagnik Sengupta refused the allegation. He countered, \"Nomination forms collection started at 10.30am. Around 11.30am, TMCP students tore our forms. They also snatched a bag full of nomination forms. Outsiders scaled the campus walls and thrashed our supporters. Four of our students have been injured in the incident.\"\"Teachers were present when the fight broke out. They resisted the two groups and tried to reason with them. Finally, they succeeded in controlling the situation. By the time the police had arrived, tension died down. Both the groups have submitted a complaint of delaying the process of collecting nominations. We have also lodged a general complaint with Burtolla police station,\" Abraham added.Vishal Garg, DC (North), confirmed that the college had lodged a complaint with Burtolla police station. \"TMCP also complained in Amherst Street police station about a brawl in front of the Scottish Church College,\" he said.The principal also insisted that no outsiders were involved in the brawl since the college has strict instructions of allowing students inside the campus only after they produce ID cards at the gates. \"Those who were involved in the clash were college students as no outsiders could have come inside,\" Abraham claimed.Ruckus broke out inside Scottish Church College campus on Saturday when two groups of students owing alligience to Students Federation of India (SFI) and Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) clashed with each other.Trouble broke out when students associated with TMCP complained that SFI students were restricting them from collecting nomination forms. SFI is in control of the students union which they had won last year. They also alleged that SFI students intentionally created a clutter and delayed the process of collecting nominations.\"The scuffle took place inside the campus between two groups of students. They had no reason to create the ruckus since I have already stated that nomination forms can be collected on Monday and Wednesday between 10:am and 1pm from the campus. I see no reason why one should stress to collect nominations on Saturday itself,\" said principle of the college, J.Abraham.He added, \"we have already issued 176 nomination forms. when the fight broke out, teachers were present. They resisted the two groups and also tried to reason out with them. Finally, after a few minutes the situation was brought under control. Both the groups have submitted a complaint of delaying the process of collecting nominations. We have also lodged a general complaint with Burtolla police station. By the time the police had arrived, situation was under control.\"The college already has strict instructions of allowing only college students inside the campus on production of ID cards. \"The college students were only involved in the fight as no outsiders could have come inside,\" Abraham said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040090", "title": "Runaway theft suspect held", "text": "PUNE: The Deccan Gymkhana police have arrested absconding suspect Velu Nayar (28) of Fort, Mumbai, for allegedly stealing from a readymade garments showroom on J M Road in May 2011.The police had earlier arrested Nayar's accomplices Ali Asgar Alif Khan alias Guddu (25) of Andheri and Stephan Das Swami alias Paiyya (33) of Navi Mumbai on June 11, 2011.The suspects had decamped with Rs 1.5 lakh and garments worth Rs 4.5 lakh. The police have recovered garments worth Rs 1.49 lakh.Nayar was arrested on February 21. A magisterial court has sent Nayar to police custody remand till February 27.Assistant manager of the shop, Mandar Laxmikant Dev (30), had registered a complaint with the police.The suspects had broken into the showroom at night and had stolen 80 shirts, 85 trousers, t-shirts and eight pairs of suits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12037660", "title": "Case against Port Trust official", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) Visakhapatnam branch registered a case against the assistant traffic manager of Visakhapatnam Port Trust on Thursday on the allegation that the officer, in his service of seven years, acquired assets worth Rs one crore. The property accumulated by the officer was in his name as well as in the names of his family members. However, the CBI did not reveal the officer's name.The CBI conducted raids at some of the residences of the officer at Seetammadhara and also on his office premises at Visakha Port Trust. Searches were also conducted at his parent's residence at MVP Colony recently.During the searches, CBI has unearthed both movable and immovable assets worth more than Rs one crore.The immovable assets include one palatial building worth more than Rs 72 lakh in Seetammadhara, two plots at Ashok Nagar layout in the city and one at Kottavalasa in Viziangaram district. The movable assets include LIC policies, expensive household gadgets and gold jewellery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12039092", "title": "CBI books BRO officials in corruption case", "text": "SHIMLA: With the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sniffing a scam in purchase of supplies for Border Roads Organization (BRO), the premier investigating agency has registered a case and booked a former chief engineer as well as the current chief engineer based here.When contacted, SP with CBI, R Upasak disclosed that cases against BRO chief engineer IR Mathur and former chief engineer Brig JK Narang were registered on Thursday and searches at the office and residence of Mathur and the residence of Naranag at Delhi were conducted on Friday. Other than the two, searches were also conducted at the premises of some supplier firms based in Delhi, said Upasak.In the two FIRs registered under Prevention of Corruption Act, CBI has made out a case of causing a loss of Rs 2.74 crore to the national exchequer. Lt Col Chandhal Jhamb has also been booked in the case along with three Delhi-based firms Om Enterprises, Krishna Trader and Agency and Aggarwal Enterprises, an official CBI communique stated.The investigating agency is allegedly holding the BRO officials, along with the supplier firms, liable for criminal conspiracy, for procuring variable messaging systems at exorbitant rates by manipulating the tendering processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12038438", "title": "Legal aid clinic on Steel City campus", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jamshedpur Women's College (JWC) on Saturday has opened a legal aid clinic on the campus that aims to educate the students about the existing laws particularly about women fraternity.The clinic, which will function from the psychology laboratory of BEd department, will hold its regular sessions for the college students. The clinic will also act as a platform to help resolve the legal problems of the women. The volunteers of the clinic will also visit the rural periphery and spearhead legal awareness campaign among the women fraternity.Justice D N Upadhayay of the Jharkhand high court, who inaugurated the clinic, urged the female fraternity to be aware of the laws especially those related to women. \"In the changing time, women should be aware of the laws concerning the women in particular,\" he said. He was delivering the speech on \"protection of women and girl children from sexual harassment, women's rights and violence against women\".\"Duties and rights are correlated, hence I urge upon the young girls and women to remain committed to both equally,\" said Justice Upadhayay.Justice R K Merathia also addressed the gathering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038435", "title": "Missing children return home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sarthik Patel and Rohan Patel - the two students of class IX of Mangaldeep High School in Ranip, who had gone missing since Wednesday - returned to their homes on Saturday morning. The two classmates had gone to Mumbai to take admission in an acting school in Andheri. But they returned when the director of the acting class smelling something fishy, refused them admission and made them board the next train to home in Ahmedabad instead!Parents of the school kids heaved a sigh of relief when two returned home and even took them to offer prayers to their family deity. Naranpura police said that the two children landed on the Ahmedabad railway station early on Saturday morning. While Sarthik went home straight, Rohan was scared as this was his second flight from home. He had earlier also fled to Mumbai with his friend and was traced and brought home. His parents, who got a call from Sarthik's parents informing about their son's return, went to the station and brought him home.Naranpura police said that the two boys had planned to flee to Mumbai after seeing an advertisement of an acting school in Lokhandwala Complex in Andheri, Mumbai. Rohan stole a mobile from his home, sold it for Rs 1,000 and the two friends then bought train tickets to Mumbai.\"They reached the acting school following the address early morning where they met with one supervisor of the acting school - Isha Shah, who suspected that the two had fled from their homes and asked them there whereabouts.\"The boys did some thinking on their feet and cooked up a story saying that they were orphans staying on the station of Mumbai Central. They wanted to become something in life and had decided to join the acting school and become actors. In the meantime, the director of the school - one Iqbalbhai came to the office. Shah told him that something was amiss with the two teenagers,\" police officials said.Iqbal tackled the boys intelligently and said that the norms of the school required that children under 18 years of age have to come with parents. He also quoted a hefty fee of Rs 75,000 for admission. Iqbal also told them to take him to the station and make him meet with a known person who will be their guarantor for admission.\"These tall norms quoted by Iqbal broke the confidence of the boys who confessed that they had run off from home in Ahmedabad. Iqbal made Sarthik and Rohan understand their folly and told them they should be in school and not in an acting school. He also told them that their parents would be worried. He got them on to the train from Mumbai to Ahmedabad,\" said police officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037456", "title": "Woman duped at ATM", "text": "The Bhadrakali police have registered a case of theft based on a complaint filed by one Sunita Bodke resident of Ramshej, Ashewadi of Dindori tehsil. According to the complaint, Bodke had had visited the ATM of the main branch at State Bank of India on February 20 to withdraw cash, at about 9.30am. There were some other miscreants at in the ATM kiosk, who confused the victim because of which she left her leaving her transaction incomplete.After Bodke left the kiosk, the group moved out the miscreants allegedly withdrew Rs 25,000 from her account. TNNA complaint in this regard was lodged on February 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044443", "title": "Blender\u2019s pride", "text": "The perfect blend is a lot more than a spoonfull of coffee, hot water and dash of cream. Here's how to make your beans the best part of your morning.While some can be deeply religious about their brew, most people get by with the help of a little instant magic. Purists may scoff, but each has its own merits. Here to help you distinguish the exotic from the regular, are coffee connoisseurs and purists from Di Bella Coffee India, Sachin Sabharwal and Rahul Leekha. The duo lists blends and techniques jazz up your daily mug. For a sweet ending, Chef Paul Kinny from Intercontinental Marine Drive presents coffee-infused desserts .Bean origins Broadly speaking, the most common species of coffee used in the world are Arabica and Robusta. While Arabica beans are considered to have the best flavour profiles and a higher caffeine content, Robusta is grown for its hardiness. Most blends come from countries such as Brazil, Mexico and Peru or others that have a non-overbearing flavour. To add body, acidity and flavour, smaller amount of beans from Colombia , Costa Rica , Guatemala and Venezuela are added. Beans from Ethiopian Harrar, Kenyan, Yemen Mocha, Zimbabwe , and Zambian add complexity and brightness.Fresh roasts - Experiment with flavours by roasting your own green beans. All you need is a skillet or heavy bottomed pan and some patience.- Spread beans out evenly and start roasting over a medium flame.- After the first few minutes, they will start to steam as the internal water dissipates. This will be followed by an audible 'crack'. This is where sugars begin caramelising and they start to roast.- The taste of coffee is affected by the strength of the roast. Darkly roasted coffee contains less caffeine and is bitter. Lightly roasted coffee is higher in caffeine and more acidic. Cease the process depending on your taste.- Once done, cool the beans and grind as per specification. Try this easy brewing technique:- In a French press or plunger, put two tablespoons of coffee, plus an extra spoon for every additional serving. Fill it with hot water, a cup measure for each serve. Stir and leave till it saturates and forms a crust. Let the crust steep for around four minutes (less for a weaker brew, more for a stronger brews), to allow the coffee oils to dissolve. Gently plunge the filter down. If it's difficult to press, you may have used too much coffee or too fine a grind.Coffee tiramisu (serves 8) Ingredients For the cheese mixture Sugar-150 grams, Water-30 ml, Egg yolks-6, Coffee powder- 10 grams, Double cream-50 ml, Gelatine sheets-3 nos, Mascarpone cheese-250 grams, Double cream-400 mlSoaking syrup Coffee powder-15 grams, Water-250 ml, Sugar-60grams, Sponge cake-1 no, Coffee powder for dustingMethod Soak gelatine sheets in ice-cold water. Bring sugar and water to a boil until stringy. Mix coffee powder and heavy cream separately. Pour the sugar syrup into the egg yolk while beating it. Warm the gelatin and beat it for a few seconds. Add in mascaporne cheese to the whipped cream. Mix all the ingredients for the soaking mixture. Slice a sponge cake and let it soak the mixture in a cake tin. Scoop in the cheese mixture and layer well. Layer and garnish with coffee powder and chocolate curls. Refrigerate for an hour. Slice and serve chilled.Chocolate espresso mudpie (serves 4) Ingredients For the mousse Milk-100 ml, Sugar-20 grams, Whipped cream-100 grams, Dark chocolate-200 grams, Gelatine-10 grams,Rice crispies-50 gramsFor the brownie Maida-50 grams, Cocoa powder-5 grams, Butter- 30 grams, Eggs-2 nos, Sugar- 25 grams ,Walnut-10 grams, Espresso-30 mlFor the base Choco chip cookies-150, Grams Butter-50 grams, Roasted almonds-15 grams, Dark chocolate shaving 60 gramsMethod - For the base Crush the cookies, add melted butter and set aside in a pan.- Brownies Whisk eggs and sugar together till it dissolves. Add melted chocolate and the melted butter. Mix well and add flour and roasted walnuts. Bake at 170 degrees centigrade for 30 minutes- Chocolate mousse Boil milk and add sugar and chocolate. Mix well and set aside to cool. Add whipped cream and melted gelatin to make a smooth mousse. Add espressso and rice crispies and set aside. Pour this mixture in the pan lined with the cookie base, add brownie cubes, roasted nuts and finally the chocolate shaving . Repeat this step once more and finally coat with melted chocolate. Garnish as shown with cocoa powder and chocolate curls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037322", "title": "E-com\u2019s biz bang moment", "text": "It's deja vu again, especially for those who have been tracking the internet business in India. As e-commerce becomes the new buzzword, many would be wondering why it feels like the old days. The huge venture capital investments, the hefty growth projections, the acquisitions &amp; mergers. And, the niggling doubts of what will really work with buyers. Rewind to 1999-2001 - when the Indian online space saw an explosion, triggered by Satyam Infoway's takeover of Rajesh Jain's IndiaWorld for Rs 499 crore. A plethora of start-ups blew up venture capital funds in the race to create a brand identity and ramp up valuations. Within a couple of months, though, they were history.While the scenario doesn't seem as drastic as that now, most analysts feel the sector is definitely headed towards consolidation. And those who will survive would be those with staying power. Prashant Agarwal, senior principal at the Boston Consulting Group, says consolidation will happen as many of the companies are flush with venture-capital cash and those that aren't will look for exits. \"Even strong companies will try and form alliances. The US example is telling. For the last 15 years, people have been in two minds about Amazon. Yet, today its market cap is almost as much as Costco and Target, America's no. 2 and no. 3 retailer combined.\"Pretty projectionsA look at the numbers reveals what is at stake in India. The country's e-commerce market - that includes travel sites as well as online retailers - is estimated to be worth Rs 50,000 crore currently and expected to grow to almost Rs 120,000 crore by 2015. The main factors fueling this growth are better internet connectivity (3G &amp; 4G are touted as the game-changers) and the increasing number of people slowly getting comfortable with the idea of purchasing on the web. According to a report by financial services firm, Avendus Capital, about 11 % of the total online population in India, which would be 8 to 10 million people, uses the internet for e-commerce. Their number is expected to grow to 39 million by 2015. On this premise, investments in the sector have been ramping up over the past one year. From $ 110 million dollars in 2010, funding has zoomed to upwards of $ 800 million. This, according to Sandeep Krishnamurthy, director, business program, University of Washington Bothell, is because India is the last big untapped market when it comes to e-commerce. \"For a long time, the financial and supply chain infrastructure were big detractors. Now, there is hope that there has been more-than-adequate progress on these fronts.\"Can I trust you?But a number of nagging bottlenecks remain. Most of the people transacting online are doing so on travel sites - where delivery of physical merchandise is not required - while the percentage of sales on non-travel e-commerce portals is still comparatively low. This reflects the Indian shopper's reluctance to take to shopping for physical products which can't be \"touched and felt\". Although e-tailers are compensating for this by offering more discounts, the major categories selling online are still books, gifts and electronics.Sachin Bansal, founder of Flipkart, which recently acquired its competitor Letsbuy for almost Rs 125 crore, says that in the future customers would shed their inhibitions towards other products, too. \"We ourselves are looking to add more categories and are considering different options. Everything, except for groceries and automobiles, is fair game for us. Soon, one would be able to purchase almost anything under the sun on the internet.\"If and when that happens, would the payment and delivery mechanism be robust enough to support it? Indians are still not comfortable with the idea of using credit cards to pay online. E-tailers have countered this by introducing options like cash on delivery and payment through cheque. In order to address the issue of reliable delivery, quite a few online shops are following the Amazon model of controlling the supply chain - from the warehouse to the last-mile delivery. This has ramped up costs, although many feel it will pay off in the long run. \"Pretty much all the internet retailers in the US are companies with a strong offline presence. The winners are few but they win big,\" says Agarwal.Bharat beckonsMost companies are also betting that a large chunk of the online retail growth would come from small town India. Muralikrishnan B, country manager of virtual marketplace eBay India, says that customers in cities where modern retail has not yet penetrated are a huge opportunity. \"India has 3,311 e-commerce hubs from where consumers buy and sell. Out of this, 1,267 are rural hubs,\" he says. \"Non-metro consumers increasingly aspire to consume brands and lifestyle products. They have the spending power, but no access. We see these aspiring consumers latching onto online shopping like never before.\"Padding up for battle", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044267", "title": "Playing a simple person the toughest job: Aari", "text": "This actor is candid enough to admit the challenges he faced playing the character of Ajay in the soon-to-be-released film, Narayana Nagendra Rao's \"Maalai Pozhuthin Mayakathile\".\"I play a simple guy who faces a lot of problems in his life in the film, and the people he meets, who only seem to compound his problems in the end,\" Aari says.\"While it is easier to play an extra-ordinary guy who stands out in the crowd, it is really challenging to play an ordinary guy, and I had to consciously keep my emotions to a minimum at all times,\" he adds.Aari also admits that doing live sound recording throughout the film was a huge challenge. \"While former stars like MGR and Sivaji Ganesan used live sound in all their films back in the 40s and 50s, it was very difficult doing it in this day and age. Even small noises or disturbances in the background would mean we had to redo the entire dialogue all over again,\" he points out.Aari also had words of praise for his co-star Shubha Phutela, who makes her debut in this film.\"Though she is a newcomer, Shubha has put in a really good performance in the film, and the audiences will identify with her girl-next-door image. This could well be a path-breaking performance for her,\" he says admiringly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038137", "title": "Boy held for uploading obscene video to internet", "text": "PATNA: Patna police on Saturday arrested a youth for allegedly uploading an obscene video of two teens, describing them as students of two prestigious schools of the city, to YouTube .The youth, Anshul Akhauri, is a BBA student of Admerit Institute, Patna and a resident of Syndicate Professor Colony at Buxar.An FIR was lodged in this connection in the Patliputra Colony police station on November 27 last year by the management of one of the schools mentioned in the title of the video given by 'Patna Hero' who uploaded it. The FIR was lodged under Section 66 (C)/67 (theft of identity and publishing obscene content on internet) of the Information Technology (amendment) Act, 2008.A special police team comprising DSP (law &amp; order) L M Sharma and officials of the CCIU (cyber crime investigation unit) and Patliputra police station was constituted to crack the case. During investigation, police found the video was uploaded on July 10, 2011. Sources said the teens in the frame were not wearing uniforms and the video was apparently shot in a cybercafe.Police requested the Google Inc to block the video and also asked for the IP (internet protocol) address from which the video was uploaded.On the basis of the details provided by Google, police tracked Anshul, said Patna SSP Alok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037863", "title": "Cartoonist camp to conclude today", "text": "KOCHI: Cartoonists across the state called for an institute to learn and teach cartooning at the cartoonist camp 2012 held by the Kerala Lalitha Kala Akademi on Friday.The idea was the outcome of an interactive session of some 50-odd professional cartoonists who shared the opinion that amateur and aspiring cartoonists should go through professional training.\"What we see in our country is a dearth of young political cartoonists, and it's definitely a medium of expression that is important to the visual and print media,\" said Jayanto Banerjee, cartoonist of Hindustan Times in Delhi. Cartoonist Yesudasan inaugurated the camp at Ashir Bhavan by drawing three major faces of Kerala politics - EMS Namboodiripad, E K Nayanar and K Karunakaran- in 30 seconds. \"Politics is not a nasty thing at all. All it needs is an observant eye and a dash of sarcasm,\" noted Yesudasan.He remembered some light moments in his career when former chief minister E K Nayanar's wife told him to tone down the sarcasm doled out at him.\"And he corrected his wife and said let Yesudasan do his work, good or bad news it is anyway publicity!\" chortled the 74 year-old.Sajjive Balakrishnan, secretary, Kerala Cartoon Academy, believes that if this idea of a cartoon academy gets a green signal from the state government, it could as well be a premier exclusive institute for cartooning in India. The camp will conclude on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12040158", "title": "India wants its waters delisted", "text": "KOCHI: India will soon move the maritime safety committee of the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) with a plea to delist its peninsular waters from the list of high risk zones.India will cite the noteable dip in piracy attacks in its neighbourhood while arguing the case before the IMO. \"There had been no incident of piracy during the last three quarters in our waters. So there is no justification for continuing to categorise it as high risk zone,'' said S B Agnihotri, director general of shipping.Agnihotri, talking to TOI on Saturday, also pointed out that the Indian Navy had sanitised this area through its persistent and vigilant patrolling in the last couple of months. India is hugely worried about the heavy insurance premium that shipping companies have to pay while operating in these waters. In addition to the insurance burden, companies have to contract private security guards to protect the vessels and freight while traversing a high risk zone. All these lead to escalation of cargo shipping costs which eventually will be passed on to the consumers. \"We are keen to reduce such avoidable expenditure,\" he said.The cost of piracy across the globe was estimated to be $10 billion last year and this includes the ransom paid to the pirates as well the costs involved in anti-piracy patrolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039333", "title": "Delhi for kids: Getting away from reality never this easy, or fun", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reclined on a comfortable seat, you munch caramel popcorn while watching larger-than-life characters on the big screen. As you sneak a look at your five-year-old you realize that he's not bored or whining. That's probably because he's more engrossed in watching the panda lock horns with the evil peacock in Kung Fu Panda 2. You breathe a sigh of relief and get back to the next two hours of unadulterated entertainment. This sums up the present-day cinematic experience where multiplexes have replaced singlescreen theatres and dress circles and stalls have given way to Gold and Premium Classes . And marketing experts are creating more room for children by introducing promotional activities at theatres.Gone are the days when booking tickets meant standing in excruciatingly long queues and family outings could be enjoyed by spending just about Rs 500. Preeti Chandra, mother of a four-year-old , says, \"Watching a movie has transformed into an entirely different and a more fulfilling experience\" .For instance, Satyam Cinemas has opened a book store in one of its multiplexes\" . That's not all. Food menus have much to offer from caramel popcorn and finger chips to pizzas and nachos. And most of these items are very popular with children.Vice-president , retail, Ambience Mall says that cinemas have now become an integral part of the entertainment package. \"Going out for movies has become synonymous with shopping and dining out,\" she says.\"With the kind of exposure children have these days, they have become the main driving force in the family. They decide where to go or what to eat,\" says Anant Verma, spokesperson, DT Cinemas. Cashing in on the trend, film-makers are coming up with more movies for kids.\"Nowadays, a lot of the movies are meant specially for kids, with many available in the 3D format. Since a huge chunk of the moviegoing crowd comprises children, promotional activities at theatres are targeted at kids,\" Verma says.Says a PVR official, \"The film industry has woken up to the need for making child-centric movies. Other sources of family entertainment like picnics, amusement parks and fairs are dependent upon factors like weather and availability but one can go to a movie theatre anytime\" .More and more movies are being made in the 3D format to enhance the overall cinemagoing experience. \"In fact, these movies pull larger crowds because the experience can not be replicated at home,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037871", "title": "4 bank officials booked for providing Rs 3.75 crore loan to criminal", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday booked four senior officers of the Punjab National Bank (PNB) for issuing a loan of Rs 3.75 crore to an alleged criminal on fraudulent documents for setting up a milk dairy plant.CBI said the land which was mortgaged against the loan was worth only Rs 50 lakh, but a loan of Rs 3.75 crore was sanctioned by the bank officials. Cracking down on the bank officials, the agency carried out raids at six locations in Malivya nagar, Vaishali Nagar and Jhotwara in Jaipur and Dausa. The raids have yielded properties excessively disproportionate to their income. The four bank officers are being interrogated in this connection.According to G Bairwa, the CBI spokesperson in Jaipur, the accused officers have been identified as PNB Malviya Nagar's senior manager R S Marda, deputy manager L L Meena, PNB Jhotwara's chief manager Kanharam Kumhar and PNB Dausa manager (agriculture) B S Meena.Bairwa said the PNB had sectioned the loan to one Mandata Singh in August 2010. Sources said Mandata Singh is a known criminal. \"A loan of Rs 1.75 crore was sanctioned by PNB's Malviya Nagar branch and another Rs 2 crore by Jhotwara branch to Mandata Singh, his wife Durga Kanwar and mother Sidhha Kanwar,\" Bairwa said. The loan had been sanctioned for setting up a dairy plant at Roopvarsha Farm House on Kalwar Road.\"After the loan was sanctioned, Mandata stopped paying the installments and disappeared. When the bank started the process of attaching the land mortgaged against the loan, it came up that the documents were largely bogus and the actual price of the land was much lower than mentioned in the documents,\" the officer said.He further said the total fraud amounts to Rs 4.30 crore, including interest and other charges.After reaching a conclusion that the four bank officers were hand-in-glove with Mandata Singh, CBI lodged four cases of forgery and raided Marda and L L Meena's Malviya Nagar residences, Kumhar's Vaishali Nagar house and B L Meena's residence in Dausa. Raids were also carried out at Mandata Singh's residence in Satya Nagar colony of Jhotwara.\"Singh and his family members were found missing. During the raids, we have seized cash, jewellery, property and investment documents that show that the four bank officers had amassed wealth excessively disproportionate to their income. The assessment of their wealth was going on till late Saturday night,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12037586", "title": "Supreme Court upholds death for killer of five", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has upheld death penalty to a young man Sonu Sardar, who along with his brother and accomplices, killed five persons of a family, including a woman and two children, in cold blood during a dacoity bid in Chhattisgarh's Cher village in November, 2004.A bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swataner Kumar rejected the plea for leniency advanced by the convict on the grounds that he was a young man and that his role in the crime committed by five persons was not revealed by the prosecution.Justice Patnaik, writing the judgment for the bench, said: \"Five members of a family, including two minor children and the driver, were ruthlessly killed by the use of a knife, an axe and an iron rod and with the help of four others. The crime was obviously committed for money after pre-meditation with absolutely no consideration for human lives.\"The bench upheld concurrent views of the trial court as well as the Chhattisgarh high court that the convict deserved capital punishment and said, \"Even though the appellant was young, his criminal propensities are beyond reform and he is a menace to the society.\"When the gang of five struck at the house of scrap-dealer Shamim Akhtar on November 26, 2004, and demanded money by placing a knife on his neck, his daughter Shabana (10) tried to come to Shamim's rescue. The accused attempted to assault her too but she managed to give them a slip and ran away to the house of her father's acquaintance.She came back to the house with help to find the bodies of her father, mother and two siblings along with their driver. The trial court had convicted the accused mainly on the basis of Shabana's evidence, and the apex court felt that there was no infirmity in the process of conviction recorded by the trial court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12040056", "title": "\u2018Country\u2019s energy policy has to evolve with time\u2019", "text": "NASHIK: Talking about the ongoing energy crisis the world over, Padma Shri Dr Vijay Bhatkar said that the situation is only set to get worse and all the talks and seminars that have been organized regarding the issue will prove short.\"As far as India is concerned, it is important that our energy policy is focused on strengthening non-conventional sources of energy and for that, the government must take the help of non-governmental organizations (NGO) working in the field. The policy has to evolve,\" Bhatkar, who is also the president of Vijnana Bharati, said.The internationally acclaimed scientist and philosopher was in Nashik for the inauguration of the two-day Maharashtra Vijnana Sammelan organized at CHMES's Bhonsala Military College, Nashik, and co-organized by KK Wagh Education Society.Speaking to the press after the inauguration, Bhatkar said that given the fact that India's power requirement is set to grow five times of its size at present by the year 2050, and it would be very hard to imagine what sources of power could be used to fulfill the demand, since fossil fuel stocks all over the planet are fast depleting.\"There has to be a shift from fossil fuels to hydrogen and this will not happen in a day. Current experiments in non-conventional power sources are to be watched keenly. There are great things being developed all around. We need to harness them for a better tomorrow. But this will require government support, and that can happen only with policy decisions,\" Bhatkar said.When asked why solar energy was still not that popular in the country, Bhatkar said, \"There is no doubt that various lobbies are acting very strongly against the popularization of the solar power cell. This will continue to happen unless there is a demand from citizens. This is why energy literacy is required. For the same reason, Vijnana Bharati has been taking the message of optimal power usage to children across schools in Maharashtra and other states, starting with 1,500 students from some schools.\"Bhatkar said that Vijnana Bharati is working on a model of a self-reliant village in Madhya Pradesh. \"The Urjagram (set-up) will exhibit the use of science for common man and it will be a picture of an energy self-reliant village,\" Bhatkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038512", "title": "Two killed as dumper rams bike", "text": "GURGAON: Two bikers were killed in an accident on Saturday morning when a dumper rammed into their bike. After the accident, the dumper driver, who had fled from the spot, was booked by police for negligent driving.Police said the accident took place on Bilaspur-Pataudi road around 10am on Saturday. The victims were Jasbeer Chauhan, resident of Bhoda Kalan village and owner of a tyre-tube shop on Bilaspur chowk, and his friend Naveen. The accident happened when Jasbeer was going to his shop on his bike with Naveen %riding pillion.Within five minutes of their being on the road, a dumper rammed the bike, injuring the two critically.Passers-by rushed them to a private hospital, where they were declared as brought dead. \"We have lodged an FIR against the dumper driver,\" said Babu Lal, SHO, Bilapur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038876", "title": "Cast your vote: Poll panel to say it with cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: Be prepared to receive an unusual invitation card from the government before the Municipal elections begin in April. This one is going to come from the Delhi State Election Commission (DSEC) and will officially invite you to come forward and cast your vote. The invitation will carry the date of election, information about your polling station and your voter ID details to ensure that this time around you exercise your franchise.With Delhi's past record in the Municipal polls marred by a dismal voter turnout, DSEC proposes to give a personal touch to its campaign to inspire Delhiites to come out and vote. In the 1997 Municipal polls the voter turnout was a poor 41%, 52% in 2002 and dismal 42% in 2007.While the Delhi high court is expected to give the final verdict on the reservation formula for the MCD polls sometime next week, Delhi State Election Commissioner Rakesh Mehta has in the meantime started preparing a roadmap for a advocacy campaign to encourage voters to visit a polling booth.A personalized invitation card, says Mehta is a step in that direction. A draft of the invitation leads with an announcement that it is time for MCD elections. The date of the election follows. After this the invitation gives details of the voter including the serial number on the voter list and information about the polling station. The invite goes on to urge voters to exercise their right and ends with best compliments from the DSEC. According to Mehta these invitations will be issued by the Commission through the booth level officers across Delhi also carry photographs of the voters. The invitations are proposed to be released after mid-March so that people start receiving them closer to polling days.A media campaign through newspapers, radio jingles, TV film spots and blogs is also being planned closer to the election to encourage people to vote. \"People often are not aware about the role of a councillor and how they can ensure that public funds are spent correctly. Councillors should be held accountable for issues ranging from maintenance of roads, drainage to development of parks, community centres and collection of property tax. In this campaign we will tell people about the Municipal Corporation, the role of the councillor and explain why they must go out and vote,\" Mehta, a former MCD Commissioner, said.Meanwhile, Reena Ray, chief electoral officer of Delhi in consultation with the Delhi Election Commissioner will soon upload information on the Delhi CEO's official website enabling people to access information about their councillors, wards, voting centres and voter ID details .With Delhi's past record in the municipal polls marred by a dismal voter turnout, state election commission proposes to give a personal touch to its campaign to inspire Delhiites to come out and vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039705", "title": "Silveira refutes allegations by Vishnu Wagh", "text": "Congress candidate Francis Silveira on Saturday refuted the allegations leveled against him by BJP candidate Vishnu Wagh.Flanked by sarpanchs of all seven villages comprising the constituency of St Andre, Silveira said that Wagh was making allegations as he was feeling frustrated with the response of the people to his antics.Silveira said that bogus complains were being lodged against him with the police as well as with the election authorities.\"I have been the MLA for 13 years and I have the trust of the people of the constituency because I have done lot of developmental works\", he said listing his achievements.Silveira who was accompanied by his brother and Zilla paanchayat member Antonio Silveira said that BJP is trying to tarnish his image and create a rift in the village with their divisive policies.He said the Congress party stands for the welfare of the people and is not based on any religious ideology.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12039686", "title": "NAAC team to visit AU on Feb 27", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A team of National assessment and accreditation council ( NAAC) would visit academic staff college of Allahabad University. The inspection would start from February 27. The director of academic staff college said that the team would review the performance of college interact with vice-chancellor AK Singh, members of academic advisory committee, officers and professor of the University. On the first day of inspection, the team will have interaction with the director, course coordinators and resource persons and also witness various facilities.On February 28, the team will interact with the teachers and also visit the commerce, education and philosophy departments, where the refresher courses are going on. Besides the team members would also meet the principals of the colleges who have deputed the faculty members to the academic staff college for various courses. On the same day, documents and feedback would also be analyzed. On the third day of the visit, the team would again meet the V-C, members of academic advisory committee and officers of the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12037770", "title": "Man dies on 'duty', kin demand compensation", "text": "GONDIA: Kin of a 30-year-old man who died in an accident while on 'duty' created ruckus in front of the employer's house to get compensation.Manoj Ukanker from Murmadi village died in an accident on Wednesday near Deori when he was going to deliver illicit liquor produced by Deoraj Gunerwar.Parsodi resident Gyani Sunar (20), who accompanied Manoj, too got injured.Ukanker sustained serious injuries and was admitted to KTS hospital where he succumbed to the injuries on Thursday.Manoj's kin took his body to Gunerwar's house in Deori and demanded compensation. They refused to take Manoj's body, but the matter was settled amicably later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12043187", "title": "Four medical students booked for ragging", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police have registered cases against four MBBS third year students for their alleged involvement in a case of ragging at a private medical college here.The students, including one Nitin, were booked under the state anti-ragging act on a complaint filed by the victim Atshay Yadav, a second year student of Santosh Medical College, who accused them of physically torturing him in the hostel on February 22 and 23, police said.Medical examination of the victim is being conducted and and further probe into the matter is on, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "zikarpur/kansera/jahangarh (aligarh)", "code": "12038959", "title": "Land acquisition may nag BSP", "text": "ZIKARPUR/KANSERA/JAHANGARH (ALIGARH): It was in August 2010 when hundreds of farmers of Zikarpur village rose against the Mayawati government protesting its high-handedness in acquiring their fertile land. Eighteen months later, the mention of the uprising still leaves them angry. Any outsider enquiring about the August agitation or land acquisition is looked upon with suspicion.\"Are you from the government,\" villagers ask. \"We fear seeing an outsider here, what if the person has come from the JP Group (construction company) to coax us into signing the contract,\" says Raj Kumari of Zikarpur village. Raj Kumari and her husband Lakhpat Singh haven't signed the contract to give away their land. \"I will rather fall to the bullet than letting them snatch my land,\" she says.The moot question is will the farmers' anger reflect in electoral results. Interestingly, farmers, who were waging a war against the government till a month back, now talk in a different tone. Most of them say caste is the dominant factor in the election. \"Jats are confused. The rich folks might go with BSP, others with RLD,\" says Ravinder Baliyan.The Brahmins in the area don't want BSP to return to power. \"They have pledged support to the BJP,\" he adds. The violence-ravaged villages in Khair constituency of Aligarh are Jat dominated. During the farmers agitation, Jats were most vocal. Jats had planned to hold a meeting and decide their strategy. But, now, when voting is just few days away they are still undecided which party to vote for.\"No meeting happened. The acquisition issue is still relevant but farmers are not united,\" says Ramgopal Sharma, a farmer. Besides Jats, Zikarpur also has a good presence of Khatiks, Muslims and Jatavs. There are no brahmins here. The vast mustard fields, pucca roads, double-storey houses, swanky SUVs and thriving dairy business, show the village's prosperity. With its 1,100 voters, it can't be called a small village. Farmers from Kansera, Tappal, Jahangarh, Kirpalpur and Udaipur had congregated at Zikarpur on August 14, 2010, when the protest turned ugly.In Zikarpur alone, more than 550 hectare land has been acquired. Farmers like Kailashi Devi are still tilling their land, defying the government. Devi brands the BSP government as \"the biggest cheat\". In Zikarpur, about 400 farmers haven't accepted government compensation while 57 farmers have approached the court.\"We want a higher compensation, at par with Noida,\" says Zikarpur pradhan Mukesh Kumar. The government offered Zikarpur farmers Rs 517 per sq mt as compensation. On the contrary, Noida has three rates of compensation -- between Rs 880 per sq mt to Rs 1,400 per sq mt. Though Kumar says farmers have yet not decided which political party to support, he denies it will be BSP. Villagers say their land was forcibly acquired.\"One day, government officers accompanied by police came to our village and told us about the deal,\" recalled Bhagwati Prasad, whose 7 bigha land was acquired in Kansera village, which is adjacent to Zikarpur. Kansera lost one of its men, Rafiq, in August 2010 clashes. Kansera, too, has some 20-odd farmers who lost their land. The village is dominated by Jats, Jatavs and Muslims. There are very few Brahmins, only 58 out of 1,000 voters. Surprsingly, Brahmins like Bhagwati Prasad and Jatavs like Kalua are not very vocal about their resentment against land acquisition. Though they are not happy with the compensation, they do not want to fight against the government like Jats. Subhash Sharma, pradhan of Kansera, evades questions on violence or the farmers' agitation. \"I did not lose my land, so I can't say much on the issue,\" he says.Sharma, a Brahmin, won pradhan election by getting the support from classes.\"I didn't know I was going to contest the election. My name was proposed by them (villagers)\", he says sitting outside one of his palatial granitefurnished houses at Kansera. In Kansera, most of the villagers have accepted the compensation. What has hurt farmers the most is the acquisition of fertile land on the pretext that it was `banjar' and unfit for agriculture. \"We grow everything on this land, from potatoes to pulses to mustard to wheat and rice. Whatever you grow, you get good harvest,\" says Tulsi Ram, a small farmer in Jahangarh, another Jat and Jatav dominated village.Farmers allege the government resorted to coercion and arm-twisting to make them sign the contracts. Jahangarh has some 50-odd farmers who have lost their land. The family of village pradhan Gyan Chand lost maximum, 64 bigha. \"We haven't taken the compensation amount yet. Some of us have taken, others haven't,\" says Gyan's younger brother Prem Chand. Jahangarh has some 1,350 voters. The villagers allege that government officers accompanied by policemen came to their houses and forced them to sign the contract.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038999", "title": "NCERT holds meet on maths", "text": "NEW DELHI: Educationists, mathematicians and National Council for Education Research and Training (NCERT) officials on Saturday met to create a roadmap for a national-level initiative to celebrate 2012 as the National Year of Mathematics. NCERT will be doing a series of activities focused on popularizing mathematics in the country. The objective is to spread awareness about mathematics education and research, an NCERT official said.He said some of the activities being envisaged by the council, as part of this popularization initiative, are workshops for teachers and students for understanding abstract concepts in mathematics through experimentation, quiz, poetry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037928", "title": "CM too was not invited properly at coach factory foundation laying ceremony", "text": "KOCHI: Chief minister Oommen Chandy revealed here on Saturday that the invitation extended to him by the Railways for the foundation stone laying ceremony of the coach factory at Kanjikkode was lukewarm in nature.Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan had sparked off a controversy by boycotting the ceremony. He had alleged that the Railways had not shown him the respect due to an Opposition leader while extending the invitation. Speaking to media, Oommen Chandy said he had attended the programme despite the indifferent attitude of the Railways as it was a matter of interest to the state and its people. The chief minister said the Railway PRO, who had come to invite him, just left the invitation letter at his office as he was not there at that time.\"When I saw the letter on my table, I thought it had come from Chennai. But the envelope had not been pasted, so I realized it had been hand-delivered,\" Chandy said. The CM also revealed that a decision on whether the Kanjikkode project was to be implemented in the public sector or private sector had not been taken so far.\"Only if it is not feasible to implement the project in the public sector, will the cooperation of the private sector be sought,\" he said. On cutting short the total investment for the project to Rs 550 crore from Rs 5,000 crore, the chief minister said it was a policy decision of the Railways.\"According to earlier plans, the project comprised a coach factory and a township. But in the wake of protests against land acquisition, Railways decided to do away with the township. That's why the allocation has come down,\" he said.The capacity of the factory will be 400 coaches initially. It will be extended to 600 coaches in the second phase.Cops on trains: The government will deploy 218 state cops in various trains plying through the state.But the Railways is yet to issue them passes. \"So, we have asked our police personnel to buy tickets at government expense and travel on trains to ensure safety of commuters,\" the chief minister said.He also said the government would look into the reports that Railway police were harassing passengers in the name of \"action against travelling after consuming alcohol\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12039838", "title": "Despite rebels, it's BJP vs Congress in Siolim", "text": "MAPUSA: Rebel-riddled Congress is looking for a win for the first time in the Siolim constituency. The party has never been victorious in Siolim in the history of liberated Goa. Siolim is perhaps the only seat in the state which has note yet been represented by the Congress. Although there are five candidates in the fray the fight is essentially between the BJP and Congress.Siolim had been the stronghold of the MGP till 1994 and was taken over by the BJP in the 1999 elections. BJP candidate Dayanand Mandrekar is seeking victory for the fourth time while Vishwajit Rane-backed Congress candidate Uday Palyekar is looking to raise the 'hand' flag in Siolim for the fist time.Siolim is one constituency which has remained unaffected by the delimitation exercise, and its current voter strength is 26,335. Congress stands to lose most due to the rebellion factor. Siolim was a cynosure of political activity as the Congress has been given to contest from the constituency dashing the aspirations of any NCP candidates. Siolim was the NCP's seat in the Congress-NCP alliance till 2007.NCP aspirants who have been denied party tickets raised a banner of revolt and are now contesting under other political parties. NCP aspirants allege that due to pressure from Vishwajit Rane the ticket has been allotted to Congress. The division within the party may prove advantageous to three-time BJP MLA Dayanand Mandrekar even though Rane-backed Uday Palyekar is putting up a tough fight.The Siolim NCP block youth president Abhijit Dhargalkar who resigned from the party on being denied a ticket is now contesting on the Jai Maha Bharat Party. \"I have the support of the youth. We are getting tremendous response during campaigning. Being denied a ticket, I am getting sympathy,\" Dhargalkar said.Another ticket aspirant Rajan Ghate has expressed his anguish over what he calls 'family politics' as Congress nominee has the backing of Rane. Being in the NCP for the past 13 years he was denied the ticket. Ghate is now contesting on the Rashtriya Samajwadi Janata Party ticket. \"Congress has no base in Siolim. Uday Palyekar joined the party in 2010,\" Ghate said.Another aspirant from Siolim is Francis Fernandes, who has been a sarpanch of Siolim-Sodiem panchayat. After working for the Congress for 22 years and being denied the ticket, Fernandes filed his nomination as an independent, but later withdrew on request from Congress leaders. He is tight-lipped about his support to the Congress but a lot will depend on what role Fernandes plays.Contesting as an independent, Palyekar had given BJP's Mandrekar a tough fight in 2007 and the NCP had been pushed to the third spot in the constituency. Palyekar polled 5,400 votes in 2007. Both Palyekar and Mandrekar are confident of their victories, the advantage for BJP here is that the Congress-NCP alliance is a divided house and most of its ticket aspirants are contesting as independents which may eat into the Congress' votes.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12040142", "title": "Italian naval guards' killer weapons identified", "text": "KOCHI: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Saturday combed the Enrica Lexie for guns allegedly used by Italian naval marines to kill the two Indian fishermen.Police officials said they have identified the Italian-made weapons used by the marines. (TOI had reported that Italian-made Berata ARX of 5.56mm Nato bore was used to shoot down Valentine Jelestine and Ajeesh Pinku.) The search operation, held in the presence of Italian defence experts, continued late into the night as security agencies found \"considerable quantity of arms and ammo\" on board.\"We have zeroed in on the guns used by them. They will be offloaded and sent for forensic examination,'' said M R Ajith Kumar, city police commissioner, who coordinated the search operation. \"We have just completed 25% of the search operation in the vessel,\" he said. \"The search is a time-consuming procedure and it would continue for many more hours. A team of officials from the Coast Guard, Indian Navy and Customs also joined the SIT for carrying out the search.\"We are looking for arms and ammunition. There are other parts of the vessel that need to be thoroughly checked. We'll offload the weapons which we require after the search,\" he said.Earlier in the day, a team of Italian officials, led by consul general Giampaolo Cutillo, boarded the vessel. The two Italian defence experts - Major Flebus Luca and Major Fratini Paolo - who were specially flown in from Italy to witness the search operation, accompanied the consul general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039321", "title": "Delhi for kids: Weekend escape now means a mall crawl", "text": "Parents are tired, children restless, and all they want are a few funfilled hours on the family holiday. Malls offer just that with shopping, food, movies and moreScores of shops with colourful window displays and stylish mannequins line the marbled flooring; restaurants , cafes, and bars scream the latest deals; festive decorations and upscale architecture elevate the entire look; and added features like spas, salons, entertainment centres and film theatres almost give the feel of a mini city - it's no wonder that for many, a mall is now the first, and often the last, stop for entertainment.Fuelling this growing mall culture in the city are children and adolescents . Displacing humble street markets and standalone spots, more youngsters now flock to malls instead. Recognizing the potential of this market , the malls have also been actively catering to children through various avenues. Arjun Sharma, director, Select Citywalk, says that when they first opened in 2007, the priority was to make the mall child-friendly . \"Children between ages three and 18 comprise about 10-15 % of the total footfall , and they also bring in parents with them. So we try to provide as many activities for them as we can,\" he says.\"Today's time-deprived parents find their solace in the malls as these allow them to spend time with their children. So it's important to have brands and formats that cater to children's whims because they are a big part of our target market,\" says Deepti Goel, head of mall strategy, Ambience Malls, at Vasant Kunj and Gurgaon . Both have a bowling alley and an entertainment centre with games and rides. Recently, they also introduced ice skating at Gurgaon.Anuj Mata, who introduced the concept of a dedicated kids' zone at malls by opening Funky Orbit at Ansal Plaza over a decade ago, says this sector has grown a lot. \"Several new malls are coming up now, and customers have a lot of options, so crowd gets divided. Children are a bigger part of the market now,\" he says. Funky Orbit closed down last year, but he runs 12 other entertainment zones for kids, Buddies Planet, at malls across the national capital region. \"When you come to a mall, there is a place where parents can leave their children without hesitation ,\" he says.Today's adoloscents also prefer to head to malls even for family outings. \"Whenever my friends and I go out, we prefer a mall because there's so much to do there - whether it's watching a movie, eating or even bowling at some of them. When we all want to do different things, we can easily divide for a couple of hours, and meet later for a quick bite, or hookah,\" says 19-year-old Kanav. He even encourages his family to take him to malls. \"You can easily spend a full day at a mall without getting bored.\"Malls are, however, also blamed for promoting mindless consumerism . \"Malls are the nerve centres of consumerism,\" says Dr Jitendra Nagpal, senior psychiatrist, Moolchand Medcity. \"Advertisements in magazines and television create demand, and malls give an easy access to fulfill them. Shops pay a lot to buy space in a mall, and so they sell their brand aggressively through mannequins and decoration. Children are vulnerable and want to identify with the rich and famous lifestyle that malls promote,\" he adds.Those in the industry, however, believe this reputation is unjustified. \"Where else will you find a good crowd, parking facilities, options for shopping, and so many other things to do in such comfort?\" asks Mata. \"People will buy even if there are no malls. A mall provides entertainment in a safer and more controlled environment with ample facilities . Parents also feel more comfortable sending their children to malls,\" says Sharma. Comparing malls to street markets, he says: \"A visit to an open market depends on weather, and people may find it difficult to walk on wobbly streets.\"Sharma of Select Citywalk claims they don't encourage consumerism for children, but aim to provide a more holistic experience. Although the mall has a children's shoppingzone and play area, it has also organized acting classes , an anti-tobacco campaign, exhibition of dolls belonging to the Shankar's International Dolls Museum , summer camps, green initiatives like planting saplings,and workshops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12038853", "title": "Activists to move court to get kilometre system for autos", "text": "Consumer activists plan to file a PIL in the high court, demanding that every e-meter that will be fitted to auto rickshaws in the city should be re-calibrated from the mile to kilometre system. If the demand is met, the minimum fare for the first km will become Rs 8 and it will go up by 50p-Re 1 for every subsequent 100m.The government has, however, decided to continue with the mile system to calculate the fare.\"The state has recently issued a notification, making e-meters compulsory for new autos from March 1 and in the existing 1.05 lakh autos from April 1. But it has failed to mention that the meters should be re-calibrated so that fares can be calculated on a km scale,\" said consumer rights activist Shirish Deshpande.Even last year, activists' groups urged the transport department to change the fare-calculation system, which is based on an \"archaic 1973 formula\". \"Our mechanical meters have not been re-calibrated for the past four decades. We still pay the minimum fare after covering the first mile, which comes to Rs 11 for 1.6km. This is ridiculous and should change,\" he said. He added that a delegation of civic and consumer activists will meet state transport commissioner V N More next week. \"We will give him an ultimatum before filing a case,\" he said. Besides cutting down on the first distance covered from 1.6km to 1km, Deshpande said the minimum fare should also be brought down to Rs 8 and the subsequent rise in rates should be after every 100m and not the current system of 200m.\"Under the provisions of the Consumer Act, passengers should pay for every fraction distance covered. Why should I pay more if I travel 800-900m? The minimum fare should be for 1 km and not more than Rs 8,\" he said.Deshpande has also prepared a roadmap for installing e-meters in autos, and his petition will also insist that all meters be installed in the existing autos within three months. \"The government has decided that existing autos will be fitted with e-meters when they come for the annual fitness tests at RTO from April 1. It will take one year to cover all the 67,000 autos in the western and 38,000 in the eastern suburbs. We cannot wait till March 2013 for all the autos to switch over,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040016", "title": "Experts call for review of research institutes by international panels", "text": "PUNE: Developing a good postdoctoral system for research, assessment of leading public and private research institutes by international panels, and assessment of various disciplines of science and social studies, were some of the key issues that dominated the discussions on the concluding day of the National Policy Dialogue, 2012, here on Saturday.\"There is a need to focus on the postdoctoral activity by research scholars,\" said K N Ganesh, director of the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER), while speaking at the event, which has been jointly organised by the British Council and the Planning Commission.\"We just do not have access to a good postdoctoral system in India,\" he said, adding,\" The problem is not as much with the fellowships and money as it is with the dearth of people in the Indian system. Most research fellows tend to move to institutes abroad, which is understandable from the viewpoint of their career, but we need to have a good system of our own,\" he said.Rajiv Saxena, vice-president of the South Asia University, New Delhi, said, \"The fountainhead of good research work remains in the west, but policymakers in India also need to be sensitised about the various infrastructural and cultural issues that keep a researcher away from engaging in postdoctoral activity in India. It's not just about funding research projects.\"Spenta Wadia, director, International Centre for Theoretical Sciences, suggested that international committees need to assess the capital input going into leading public and private research institutions in India, and the corresponding output generated by them. \"There has to be a correlation between funding and accountability,\" he said.Jawaharlal Nehru University vice-chancellor S K Sopory suggested that each research institute should have an international advisory committee for such assessment. Focus also needs to be given on the recruitment policy for research institutes, by bringing in greater flexibility to let foreign researchers and faculty work in India for an extended time, he said.H A Ranganath, director of the National Assessment and Accreditation Council, said that apart from assessing institutions and individual researchers, disciplines also need to be assessed to find out the state of chemistry, physics and other disciplines of science, as well as social studies.Mathew Davidson from the University of Bath, UK, listed 11 broad areas for the academic and research community in India, to seek appropriate action from policy makers in higher education and research. This included issues related to translating assessment and ideas into policy and action, research environment and culture, collaboration with industry, building network and alliances, metrics vs expert review approach, availability of research information, importance of teaching in research institutes, large multi-partner projects and diversity of institutions, among others.Advisor to Planning Commission on higher education matters, Pawan Agarwal, said, \"Much of these issues are already incorporated in various plan documents, but what is needed is proper articulation of these views at multiple levels to help shape public policy.\"He said, \"Various working groups formed at the NPD 2012 will now submit papers on definite topics outlined by Davidson and the same will be forwarded to all vice-chancellors and heads of research institutions for a wider discussion and eventual reflection in the plan panel's 12th Five-Year Plan report.\"Earlier, National Chemical Laboratory's former director S Sivaram delivered the keynote address on 'vision and performance of the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039700", "title": "Traffic signals turning into bane for commuters", "text": "BHOPAL: Meant to smoothen flow of traffic, they are proving a major hurdle at some city squares instead. Those who have to use squares, Board office square or some other on a daily basis swear that crossing half a dozen squares gives them creeps.Board office square and the one opposite DB Malls are two major cases in point. The two signals are apart from each other by a distance of some 200 metres. The traffic signals opposite the Mall add to commuters' confusion. And the rotary is causing traffic jams, says a commuter.More than 5,000 vehicles cross this road junction every day, said an officer from BMC entrusted with the work to look after traffic work. Ever since signals are installed, traffic jams have become more frequent, says Vijay Awasthi, an employee of an office at MP Nagar. The traffic indicators compound the problem when you cross the road from MP Nagar to Jail Pahadi.Next to it is another rotary with signals. People tend to go to wrong side to avoid the rotary as they cross the square. Experts say rotaries are self-governing. If any civic body wishes to install signals at rotaries, these should be first demolished.\"If signals are required at rotaries, these should be razed,\" Siddharth Rokade, transport and construction civil engineer, Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) said.As rotaries are self-governing, they do not need any signals. Currently, what the city requires is synchronization of signals that are at short distance, he added.Posing danger to commuters in the city, civic bodies have installed a traffic signal pole right in the middle of the road at Pragati petrol pump on the Hoshangabad Road. The signal pole here is supported only by cement bags and is tilted in one direction.Similarly, the signal near control room on a road leading from the Police Control Room to Jail pahadi has no right indicator. When signal to go straight turns green, vehicles leading right also mend their ways, in a haphazard manner.There are some 20 traffic signal junctions and over 100 signal poles in the city. The BMC and traffic police jointly govern these. Lack of co-ordination among the district administration, the BMC and traffic police and the tendency among the agency concerned to pass the buck make things difficult for the commuters.When asked about it, Subhod Jain, in-charge electricity department, BMC, said, \"We are not in a position to answer this question. The traffic police is accountable for the same\" Interestingly, when the traffic police was approached, Additional Superintendent of police (traffic) Monika Shukla said, \"The BMC looks after this and not the traffic police.\"\"We understand that there is a lack of co-ordination among various government bodies in the city. We are calling a meeting on the issue on Saturday to solve problems,\" Bhopal commissioner Praveen Garg said.Ever since signals are installed, traffic jams have become more frequent. The traffic indicators compound the problem when you cross the road from MP Nagar to Jail Pahadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038339", "title": "Patna varsity senate okays Rs 334-crore deficit budget", "text": "PATNA: Amid noisy scenes created by the volunteers of Chhatra Janata Dal (U) and Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) outside the historic Wheeler Senate House, the Patna University (PU) senate on Saturday passed a Rs 334.36-crore deficit budget for the financial year 2012-13.Even before the annual meeting of the senate could start, a section of agitating students owing allegiance to Chhatra JD (U) reached the venue and tried to ransack the Wheeler Senate House. They broke furniture and shouted slogans against the PU vice-chancellor. They were protesting against the Press Council of India chairman's remarks against the Nitish government and demanding immediate elections to the university students' union. Later, the volunteers of ABVP also joined the agitating students.The meeting of the senate started at least two hours behind the schedule as VC Shambhu Nath Singh was not being allowed to enter the hall by the agitating students. For some time pro-VC J P Singh presided over the meeting in the absence of the VC. Presenting the budget, pro-VC J P Singh pointed out that the budget estimates envisage an expenditure of Rs 357.03 crore against an income of Rs 22.67 crore from all sources.The expenditure is likely to be met with grants from the education department (Rs 342.83 crore), self-financing courses (Rs 7.33 crore), science and technology department (Rs 4.20 crore) and directorate of distance education (Rs 2.67 crore). He pointed out that due to non-receipt of statutory grants from the state government to the tune of Rs 11.27 crore for the last seven years, the university was facing difficulties in clearing its outstanding liabilities, including payment of electricity charges, municipal taxes, and judicial expenses.Further more, only about 400 teachers were working in the university against total 888 sanctioned posts causing an adverse impact on academic activities. Earlier, PU VC Shambhu Nath Singh, in his address, said that a postgraduate diploma course in bioinformatics (of three semesters) would be started at PU Computer Centre from the next academic session. A new faculty of computer science and information technology comprising the new department of computer science would also be started.He said networking of the university has already been started under National Mission on Education through Information and Communication Technology and the university has already got a connectivity of 1 GBPS. The BSNL has provided 400 nodes to different colleges and departments and the university is trying to acquire computer systems for these nodes. The university is likely to introduce IP surveillance system to maintain discipline on the campus. It has also written to the Union HRD ministry to provide 17,000 Akash tablet PCs for its faculty members and students, the VC added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039816", "title": "Discom in a soup over delayed replies", "text": "INDORE: Controversies over the proposed hike in power tariff refuse to die down. Facing stiff opposition from consumers for the proposed 25% hike in power tariff, MP Western Region Power Distribution Company (discom) is in a soup over sending replies to objections from the consumers in backdate.Hearing over the proposed power tariff hike was held on February 22 at Indore by Madhya Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (MPERC), wherein the discom was pulled up by state's power regulator for not sending replies to objections as it used to do before. MPERC directed the discom to send replies immediately. Consumers were given a week's time to put forth their views on replies.Some of the consumers, who raised objections over the proposed tariff hike, received replies from the discom on Friday and the letter was dated February 18, four days before the hearing in the city, wherein the discom was directed to send replies.Consumers believe that it is another attempt to muzzle the voice of the people while depriving them of fair chance to raise objections against the proposed move by the discom to increase the tariff.Kishor Kodwani of Vikas Mitra Dhristi 2050 said that this exposed the intentions of the discom that it did not want to listen to objections on the part of the consumers.Earlier, they allegedly tried to flout the norms on objections with the intentions of discouraging the people raised their voices against the proposed power tariff hike.\"Now they are trying to deprive people of a chance to put forth their views on the issues by sending the replies in backdated letter,\" he said. They intentionally issued the replies in backdated so that people did not get a chance to reply, he alleged.On contacting the discom, the officials denied to have issued the letters in backdate. They said that the letter was issued on February 18 only then it might have come to people by now. People are free to express their views on the replies and they can do it on a given platform, they claim.President of Pithampur Industrial Organisation, Gautam Kothari, said that every year they used to get replies to the objections well before the hearing day. Through replies, they come to know about the views of the company and at hearing they use to counter the replies of company, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12044382", "title": "Hectic campaign for 6th phase of UP polls ends", "text": "LUCKNOW: Campaign for the sixth and penultimate phase of Uttar Pradesh assembly polls in 68 seats spread over 13 districts, including Ghaziabad and Gautam Buddha Nagar (Noida), came to an end today.The electioneering saw leaders of all political parties including Congress, SP, BSP, BJP and RLD working hard to woo voters in the area popularly known as 'Jat land'.\"The polling will be be held on February 28,\" joint chief electoral officer Anita Meshram said.She said the districts where polling would be held on Tuesday are Saharanpur, Prabuddha Nagar, Meerut, Baghpath, Ghaziabad, Panchsheel Nagar, Gautam Buddha Nagar, Bulandshahr, Aligarh, Muzaffarnagar, Mathura, Mahamayanagar and Agra.\"More than 2.17 crore voters are expected to cast their votes at 22,137 polling centres,\" she said.A total 1,103 candidates, including 1,017 male and 86 female, are in the fray in this phase.The JCEO said that to ensure free and fair elections adequate force, including central forces, would be deployed.This phase would decide the popularity of Congress' alliance with Ajit Singh's Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) which has its stronghold in the western parts of the state.It would also decide the fate of youth face of RLD Jayant Chaudhary , Energy Minister Ramveer Upadhyaya, deputy leader of BJP Legislative Party Hukkum Singh and former minister Rajveer Singh, who is also son of former Chief Minister Kalyan Singh .Popularity of Rashid Masood, who left SP and joined Congress, would also be put to test in this phase as his nephew Imran Masood is in fray from Nakud seat in Saharanpur district.The February 28 polls would also test the impact of an appeal made by Shahi Imam of Delhi's Jama Masjid Maulana Ahmad Bukahri in favour of SP as his son-in-law Umar Ali is in the fray for Behat seat in Saharanpur disrict.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12037684", "title": "Three killed in Howrah accident", "text": "HOWRAH: Three persons were killed and the driver seriously injured when a vehicle lost control and rammed into a roadside culvert on NH-6 near Uluberia in Howrah on Saturday.The Maruti car was being driven at a very high speed. When near Khanisani, one of the front tyres burst accidentally. The driver could not control the vehicle and it hit straight into a culvert, said eyewitneses. They rushed to the spot after noticing the accident and retrieved the victims out of the car.The deceased were close friends who had gone on a trip to Digha. They met with the accident while on the way back home. All three - Tapas Biswas (55), Samir Mukherjee (65) and Shyamal Das (58) - were residents of Belgharia's Ariadaha area in North 24-Parganas. three of them friends who are residents of Belgharia's Ariadaha area in North 24 Parganas -Tapas Biswas (55), Samir Mukherjee (65) and Shyamal Das (58) were returning from a tour of Digha on Saturday.The driver Samir Bag, 40, has been admitted to the hospital. He was reported to be criticaldriving the vehicle.After coming to Khanisani area, eye witnesses said that the maruti car was rushing in high speed and one of the front side tyres bursted accidentally. The driver could not control the vehicle and it hit straight into a road side culvert.The three friends were rushed to Uluberia hospital where they were declared brought dead. The driver Samir Bag, 40, is undergoing treatment at the hospital. He was reported to be critical. The car was totally smashed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039130", "title": "HP moves to remove Russians from Roerich trust", "text": "Times news networkSHIMLA: Around 19 years after renowned actress Devika Rani Roerich set up the International Roerich Memorial Trust (IRMT), having 12 members including two Russians as its members, the Himachal Pradesh government has described the membership of Russian ambassador and thedirector of International Roerich Centre, Moscow, in the trust as invalid.The state government started the process in the wake of August 9, 2011 ruling of the Supreme Court upholding a Karnataka high court judgment on the issue of membership of foreign nationals in the trust that was managing Tatguni Estate and Bangalore properties of the Roerichs as invalid.Based on this judgment, the state government is now pursuing the issue of removing Russians from the IMRT at Kullu. In a letter to Union foreign secretary, Himachal Pradesh chief secretary Rajwant Sandhu has stated, \"Clearly, therefore, the membership of Russian ambassador and thedirector of International Roerich Centre, Moscow, in the IRMT, Kullu is invalid.\"She further wrote that action needs to be taken to advise Russian ambassador to India, Alexander Kadakin, who is a member of the trust, accordingly. \"Since the matter is a sensitive one and could have diplomatic connotations, it is requested that Kadakin may be advised through ministry of external affairs that keeping in view the provisions of Indian Trust Act, 1982, the Constitution of India and the ruling of the apex court, he should withdraw himself from the membership of IRMT,\" she added.The decision of the state government to oust Russians from the trust has already evoked sharp reaction from people working at IRMT based at Naggar, who are now questioning the intention of the government itself. Sources said that ever since the trust was formed, it was the Russians who have constantly helped the IRMT improve while the state government has done nothing.A senior official from the state government again raised the issue with foreign secretary on February 3 as, after the Karnataka high court judgment of 2002 and the apex court ruling of August 9, 2011, Russians cannot be the members of Roerich trust in Kullu.Considering the sensitivity of the matter, the Union government has now formed a sub-group comprising members from ministry of law, culture and external affairs to discuss the issue. \"This sub-group will now take a final decision. We hope the group will also include a member from the state government,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038410", "title": "NHRC team to probe Chennai killings", "text": "PATNA: The National Human Rights Commission would soon send a team to Chennai to find out the truth of the alleged encounter in which four persons from Bihar were shot dead by the police, the commission chairman K G Balakrishnan said here on Saturday.\"We have come across the reports. We will send a team to find out the truth,\" Balakrishnan, who was here to attend a two-day seminar at Magadh Mahila College, told reporters.\"The team will go through post-mortem and forensic reports and try to unravel the truth,\" he said. The NHRC chairman inaugurated the two-day national seminar on 'State: Protector or Violator of Human Rights' at the Magadh Mahila College. The seminar has been organized by the department of political science of the college.B D Sharma, former commissioner of SC/ST commission, was also present on the occasion. The programme started with lighting of the traditional lamp by Balakrishnan and welcome address delivered by the college principal, Prof Dolly Sinha. The seminar aimed to protect human rights act, promote a culture of educating citizens on human rights and putting pressure on government machinery to ensure respect for human rights.The NHRC chief said the commission was doing a commendable job by providing justice to the aggrieved. Being an autonomous body, its credibility has increased among the people, he added. The students of the college performed a skit on violation of human rights while a souvenir was also released along with a bulletin named 'Self-Expression'. The inaugural session was presided by chairman, Bihar Human Rights Commission, Justice S N Jha while introductory speech was delivered by Prof Shashi Sharma, organizing secretary of the seminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12039882", "title": "BrahMos test flight for Sukhoi-30 by year end", "text": "TRICHY: The BrahMos missile for the Indian Air Force which can be launched from a Sukhoi-30 is being developed and a test flight will probably be held by the end of this year, said Dr A Sivathanu Pillai, chief controller, R&D;, DRDO and chief executive officer and managing director of BrahMos Aerospace. The BrahMos missile used an air breathing scramjet propulsion technology and hence was more fuel efficient than a traditional rocket-powered missile, he said.Pillai was in Trichy on Saturday to deliver a lecture in the ongoing Pragyan 2012 of the National Institute of Technology, Trichy (NITT). According to him, the paradigm of India's progress must be in the course of a leap frog in technology. \"When the world had a cruise missile, India went forward to make a supersonic cruise missile,\" he said.He also touched upon the predictions for the future in technology in all spheres of life. \"The future belongs to self-driven cars (which have been tested by DRDO in an ongoing project), flying cars, stem cell surgery, morphing airframes, solar power satellite and a space lift,\" he explained.On the future of energy, he stressed that nuclear and solar power are the sources. Pillai also mentioned about the latest research into nano-solar cells that claim efficiency of 50% at low costs.Turing his attention on BrahMos, Pillai stressed on the versatility and elite characteristics of the world's only supersonic cruise missile. Capable of being launched from land or sea to any target on land or sea, with a speed of Mach 2.8 (2.8 times faster than the speed of sound, which is three times faster than the USA's contemporary Tomahawk cruise missile). The BrahMos is the brainchild of Pillai's team comprising the DRDO, India and NPO Mashinostroyenia (NPOM) of Russia .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12037732", "title": "Woman 'raped' at gunpoint by constable", "text": "Malda: A 37-year-old woman of Malda was allegedly raped at gunpoint by her neighour, a police constable, in October last year. Despite repeated appeals, the police reportedly took no action against the accused. The victim was forced to approach the court which directed police to initiate a case. But the cops chose to violate the court order as well, alleged the victim.Rape at the gunpoint and police taking no action despite complaint in three moths. Such an allegation against a policeman has rocked the district administration today. Worse, police were accused of violating court directive on this issue.The woman has been running from pillar to post for over three months hoping that some day she would get justice. With a series of rape cases being reported of late, the woman mustered courage to go public with her ordeal on Saturday.The victim, a resident of a locality near English Bazaar police station, a resident of Chandan Park near English Bazaar police station, Malda, mentioned in her complaint that she was raped by her neighbour Krishna Kamal Das. Das is a police constable posted at Simlipal police station in Bankura. According to the complaint, on October 23, 2011, the victim was alone in her house while her husband, a BSNL employee, had gone for work. In the afternoon, Das, who was on leave, reportedly entered and raped her at gunpoint.\"He even threatened me with dire consequences if I informed about the incident to anyone,\" said the victim. When the couple reported the incident to their neighbours, they did not get any help. On November 16, hence, the woman filed a complaint at English Bazaar police station through registered post. But, the police did not take any action.Narrating her ordeal, she said, \"I even met the SP. But instead of helping me, he humiliated me and threatened to make my case public.\" With no assistance from the cops, she finally appealed to court on December 3 last year to get justice.The victim's lawyer, Humayun Mia said, \"We filed a case under 156 (3) CrPC at the to the court of Malda district CJM court. Considering the allegation and the papers we had submitted, the judge directed the police station to start a case in this regard (Memo No 947 dt 08.12.2011). But still the accused policeman was not arrested.\" The victim said that she would approach the chief minister if she failed to get justice.Denying the allegations of police inaction, SP Jayanta Pal said that a case was started on this issue, following the court order.Narayan Chandra Das, father of the accused, and a retired home guard said, \"The allegation was totally false. We had a good relation with the lady's family. But now we don't have any contact with them. Now the woman is trying to blackmail us with this false allegation.\"On Friday, a woman had made similar allegations against a forest official and had accused the police of sitting on her complaint despite court order.It may be recalled that similar allegation against a Forest Official yesterday had embarrassed the district administration where the rape victim accused police of sitting idle on the allegation and not arresting the accused despite court order.37, Rina Kansabanik (original name), a housewife of Chandan Park under English Bazaar Police Station, alleged that one Krishna Kamal Das, her neighbor raped her. Das is a police constable posted at Simlipal Police Station in Bankura. Rina in her complaint claimed that she was raped on 23rd October 2011. On that she was alone at her house at noon as her husband Bapi, a casual worker at BSNL office, was away at his working place. It is alleged that Das, being at home on the leave entered her room and forced her at the gunpoint. \"He even threatened me with a dire consequence if I informed of this anyone\", Rina said. The couple did not get any justice from their neighbours when they reported of the incident.On 16th November she filed a complaint to English Bazaar Police Station through registered post. However, police did not take any action. Rina said today, \"I even met the Police Super but instead of helping me he also threatened me of my humiliation in case of publicizing this event.\" Finally, she appealed to court on 3rd December last year for justice.Lawyer Humayun Mia said, \"We filed a case under 156 (3) CRPC to the court of. Considering the allegation and the papers we had submitted Judge directed the police station to start a case in this regard (Memo No 947 dt 08.12.2011). But still the accused policeman was not arrested.\" The victim claimed, that she would approach the Chief Minister if the justice was not done with her.However, Police Super Jayanta Pal claimed that case started on this issue following the court order.On the other hand, Narayan Chandra Das, father of accused and himself a retired Home Guard said, \"The allegation was totally false. We had a good relation with the family of that lady. But now we don't have any truck with them. Now the woman is trying to blackmail us with this false allegation.\"It may be recalled that similar allegation against a Forest Official yesterday had embarrassed the district administration where the rape victim accused police of sitting idle on the allegation and not arresting the accused despite court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12039857", "title": "In Ponda, it's the Bhandaris' battle", "text": "PONDA: An absolute calmness has descended on the sea of voters in Ponda ahead of the 2012 assembly polls. It's the lull before the storm.While means of persuasion are at work to change the mindset of the politically-conscious Fondekars by candidates, the aam aadmi is keeping his/her fingers crossed knowing well that post-delimitation, it's a Herculean task to arrive at any conclusion on the poll outcome. Nobody wants to draw the ire of any political outfit, even when they are confronted with the worst trials and tribulations, as experiences have shown them that revenge raises its ugly head post-elections.Learned men are maintaining a safe distance from monetary inducement, but are effectively participating in the democratic process. Those in the fray are dinning words of wisdom into the ears of voters in their door-to-door campaigns.Ponda was hitherto the citadel of the MGP. The switching of affiliation by Ravi Naik besides the lack of a vibrant, foresighted and charismatic leader to lead the party, it fared badly in the subsequent years. And with the advent of coalition politics, the party somewhat lost its aura and failed to keep the existing flock of sympathizers together, with most inclining towards the BJP.No doubt, the BJP-MGP combine is a major force to reckon with today in Ponda, but it won't be a cakewalk for the coalition. Clashes of ideas, values and interests mar the vote-catching potential of the parties, yet a consensus out of conflicts through compromises and accommodations is in full swing.In Ponda, it's battle royal among the Bhandaris. The MGP-BJP candidate Lavu Mamledar and Congress candidate Naik are at loggerheads with independent candidates Mohan Naik, John Mascarenhas, Imtiyaz Sayad (TC), Vaibhav Marathe (SP) and Gitesh Naik (UGDP) also eyeing making big inroads into the political arena.During the 2007 election, it was a straight fight between Mamlekar and Naik, with the former losing the contest by a margin of just 600 votes, followed by BJP candidate Sandeep Khandeparker who polled around 5,500 votes.The situation is different today. BJP and MGP have joined hands and are likely to put up a brave front this time to dislodge Naik. The support of Venkatesh Naik, a die-hard critic of Naik and who withdrew from the fray as an independent candidate, has further strengthened their belief in victory. If the BJP-MGP combine is banking on a united fight, Congress is fully banking on the support of Catholic and Muslim communities, besides migrants, party loyalists and the Bhandari populace. Though there are ideological differences, MGP will leave no stone unturned to woo these voters too. It will focus on retaining its 2007 voters' base, besides the 5500-odd votes which BJP garnered. The vital factor that may prove punters wrong on the poll outcome will be the delimitation exercise, which severed Usgao area-considered to be the BJP stronghold-from Ponda constituency.Punters opine that the 'Baba and Dhavlikar' factor will also play a decisive role in deciding the fate of the sitting MLA. The tacit support of these two political heavyweights may somewhat disturb the dreams of the sitting MLA. The vote banks of independent candidates and those contesting on behalf of mainstream parties too will be a decisive factor as it may imbalance the power equation.With the poll date nearing, candidates in fray are on their toes and passing sleepless nights, while it's merriment time for booze lovers as an \"invisible hand\" and a \"roaring lion\" sheltering in the shade of a lotus assure them the 'Elixir of life'. With heightened political consciousness, the electorate of Ponda will \"symbolically\" assume the power of a dictator till the sun goes into oblivion on polling day.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044397", "title": "Your daily doze", "text": "A good mattress will ensure that you always wake up on the right side of the bed.If you've been feeling exhausted, irritable or low, your mattress could be to blame. Despite the amount of time we spend in bed, many of us don't give enough consideration for the kind of mattress we are purchasing. A good bed can make you feel relaxed and increase your productivity for the following day. It is important that you keep these factors in mind before you purchase a new mattress.It is understandable that you want a soft and fluffy mattress. But that isn't the best choice. Poor support can lead to muscle stiffness as well as neck and back pain. Make sure your mattress doesn't contain bumps or depressions. But don't go for a mattress that is too stiff either. It puts pressure on the shoulders and hips. The ideal mattress should mold to your body while supporting it.The average life of a mattress is 10 years, and you should replace them as soon as it develops lumps or sags.Mattresses come in two major types; polyurethane foam mattresses and innerspring mattresses. The former comes in different degrees of firmness but often make people hot while sleeping while the latter consists of rows of tempered steel coils layered between insulation and padding. The higher the coil count, the firmer the mattress.Along with deciding what kind of mattress you want, you need to figure out what size. A healthy sleeper moves around 15 to 30 times during the night, and cramped conditions can make sleeping awkward and uncomfortable. So, big is always better.Tips on how to take care of mattresses - A mattress must always be laid on a plain surface- Dimension of the mattress should be selected precisely0 Mattresses should have exclusive fabrics with zipper, which can be easily removed, dry cleaned and put back for useHow to have a good night's sleep - Follow a regular schedule - go to sleep and get up at the same time- Exercise at regular times each day- Be careful about what you eat. Don't drink coffee or tea late in the day- If you like a snack before bed, milk and fruits are best choices- Don't drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes to help you sleep- Create a safe and comfortable place to sleep. The room should be dark, well ventilated, and as quiet as possible- Listening to soothing music, reading a book, or a warm bath act as sleep inducers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mathura", "code": "12038287", "title": "Rahul can become PM tonight if he wants: Jaiswal", "text": "MATHURA: After his controversial comments about imposition of President's rule in Uttar Pradesh, Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal today created a flutter when he said Rahul Gandhi could become Prime Minister \"even at midnight if he so desires\".\"Rahul Gandhi can become Prime Minister at 12 tonight, he can the administer the oath of office and no one can stop that. But neither does he want to become the Prime Minister nor the chief minister,\" he said addressing a public rally at Mathura.Jaiswal, who has expressed readiness to become the chief minister if the high command so wanted, today also assured people of the area that he will give them the \"the best ministry Mathura ever had\" if they ensured the win of the party candidate.Jaiswal had triggered a controversy a couple of days by his remarks that Gandhi would be the remote control, whoever becomes chief minister of Congress in UP.Only yesterday, the Election Commission had held prima facie his comments on imposition of President's Rule in Uttar Pradesh a threat to voters and violation of Model Code of Conduct and slapped a show cause notice on him.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "navargaon/chandrapur", "code": "12037411", "title": "Theatre of the hinterland", "text": "NAVARGAON/CHANDRAPUR: To the outside world, Vidarbha is synonymous with agrarian crisis and farmers' suicides. But the region, its eastern part to be specific, boasts of something that seems to be the antithesis of the agrarian gloom and despondency.A 150-year-old theatre form which lasts about five months a year is not just a source of entertainment and social awakening, it is also a way for the villagers to earn some additional income. Known as Zadipatti Rangbhoomi (literally translated as theatre of the jungle), it is Vidarbha's best kept cultural secret.Every year, hundreds of villages in Gadchiroli, Chandrapur, Bhandara and Gondia host the shows in the season starting immediately after Diwali and ending late March or April.Although targeted for villagers, most of whom live in poverty, Zadipatti involves a whopping business of around Rs 25-30 crore. Importantly, not a single penny comes from the government's funds or sponsorships. Renowned artists from Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur and other cities make a point to perform in Zadipatti dramas, where the audience is more lively and responsive as compared to cities. A non-descript town of Wadsa in Naxal-infested Gadchiroli district is the epicenter of this jungle-based theatre.But most interesting part is that dramas begin after 10 pm and end during the wee hours. Braving cold weather, villagers, from kids to elders, throng the venue in large numbers. On some days, as many as 10 plays are performed in a cluster of villages. Surprisingly, all of them draw packed houses.Nearly 350 groups - primarily local but some from outside - stage at least 3,000 shows collectively, providing direct or indirect employment to thousands of poor people including artists, transporters, sound operators and those setting up temporary food stalls.While commercial theatre faces a crisis, especially in Vidarbha, this theatre has not weakened, despite the onslaught from satellite television. It thrives on the money coming through ticket sales, largely by poor agrarian masses from villages. \"It survives entirely on its own without any professional help,\" says Sadanand Borkar, who looks after 125-year-old Vyankatesh Natya Mandal started by his grandfather in Navargaon in Chandrapur district.The drama groups charges Rs 50,000 onwards for a single play in a village. Sounds hard to believe, but the village mandals which invite them actually rake in up to Rs 3 lakh on ticket sales. And no, there are no complimentary passes or VIP seats. \"Even my wife and kids have to purchase a ticket,\" Borkar says, before performing a play titled Karasthan (Conspiracy), written, edited, and directed by him. \"We generally use all profits into our organisation and also grant short-term loans to members of our team in adverse circumstances,\" says Borkar, who was nominated for Maharashtrian of the year award for his popular plays like 'Maze Kunku Mich Pusle' and 'Atmahatya' that dealt with simmering issue of farmers' suicides. This play has also been staged during SAARC festival. He left his plum job to work with his family theatre and gave it a more professional look. He erected a permanent cement stage for staging plays in Navargaon and practices with his team before performing in front of people. He has even built a revolving stage at Navargaon.Interestingly, the scripts of these dramas are handwritten and largely based on burning social and family problems, including farmers' suicides. For established actors, the potential to earn is immense and he/she can earn up to Rs 5 lakh in these five months. The remuneration starts from Rs 500 and goes to Rs 10,000 per actor depending on his reputation. Right from Prabhakar Panshikar of 'To Mi Navahech' to Marathi actors like Ashok Saraf, Ramesh Bhatkar and Dr Girish Oak have performed in this form of theatre. \"We explore fresh faces before the season begins in Diwali and even rope them in from Mumbai and Pune, where theatre culture is prevalent,\" says Devendra Lute, another writer, actor and director.He, in fact, has completed a movie based on his extremely popular play last year 'Soon Sambhala Patlinbai.' \"It is entirely shot in this area and has the original Zadipatti flavour and is submitted to the Censor Board of Film Certification,\" he says.Like Borkar and Lute, who have become household names in these four districts, other have also made their fortunes. Hiralal Painter, a comedian, used to steal grains from his home and sell it in the market to watch the dramas played in Zadipatti during his childhood. He has come a long way since and now works in joint collaboration with Lute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "12037831", "title": "Congress to seek NCP support in Chandrapur Zilla Parishad", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Congress leaders have decided to seek support of its allied party NCP to gain power in zilla parishad (ZP). Congress will however keep the president's post with it. Notably none of the party has secured clean majority in the elections held for 57-member ZP.Addressing a press conference, senior leader and former MP Naresh Puglia informed that Congress with its allied party NCP would try to come to power in Chandrapur ZP. The power in ZP will be shared on the same formula - party having more seats would have its president in alliance rule - as already decided by high command of both the parties.Congress with 21 seats emerged as single largest party, but failed short of clean majority in ZP having total 57 members. BJP tails closely behind with 18 seats in ZP, but Congress leaders are optimistic that with NCP's support (7 seats) they could gain power.Puglia claimed that as per party's policy, a committee of senior leaders would interact with allied parties over the issue. Committee would comprise of district president Vinayak Bangde, guardian minister Sanjay Deotale, MLA Subhash Dhote, MLA Vijay Wadettiwar and former MLA Prabhakar Mamulkar. Negotiation with the NCP leaders would be held on Monday, he said. The post of president in ZP here is reserved for nomadic tribe and Puglia claimed that they have three candidates for the post.Replying to query over failure of Congress to gain clean majority in election, Puglia claimed that party candidates have lost by less than 100 votes in nine seats, while four other candidates have defeat margin of 100-200 votes. Defeat by short margin had refrained the party from assuming power on its own in ZP, he explained.Puglia hoped that Congress and allied parties would gain power in at least seven out of 15 panchayat samitis in the district.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039575", "title": "'Land acquisition undemocratic'", "text": "Farmers in the Pithampur- Betma industrial cluster area, who are against the government's move to acquire their land for construction of the proposed Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) called on Indore MP Sumitra Mahajan in the city on Saturday to express their reservation over the issue.The Kisan Sangharsh Samiti is up in arms against the government's move as they feel that the people living in the area are opposed to acquisition of their land for the ongoing DMIC project. Later, a memorandum to this effect was submitted by members of the samiti, including Rajendra Sharma, Tapan Bhattacharya and SK Dube. They have termed the acquisition process as undemocratic one. They alleged that their land was openly being offered by the government for sale or purchase to the corporate sector. tnnThe farmers feel barren forest land measuring 657 hectare in the area could have been used for the corridor in place of their multi-crop land measuring 804 hectare being acquired. Also, the farmers want the already untilized industrial land under Pithampur, Sagore, Bagdun and Ghata Billod could be well utilized for the purpose. They contend that vast land was lying vacant in Indore city due to the non-functioning of sick industrial units, which again could be utilized.Interestingly, Mahajan is heading a parliamentary panel which is looking into the amendment required in the Land Acquisition", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12042722", "title": "Fishermen's killing: Italian naval guards to be prosecuted under Indian law, says Antony", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Holding that the two Italian naval guards accused of killing two Indian fishermen off Kerala coast would be prosecuted under the Indian law, Defence Minister A K Antony today said the investigation into the case was progressing in the right direction.\"The case will be proceeded under the Indian law. Judiciary in the country is independent,\" Antony told reporters here.\"The incident of shooting down of two hapless fishermen off the coast of Kollam on February 15 was unfortunate and equally condemnable,\" he said.\"The investigation in the case was progressing on the right direction and the Kerala government was handling it very strongly and powerfully. The Centre had extended full support to the state's initiative,\" he said.The arrested Italian naval guards -- Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone -- have been charged with murder under Section 302 of IPC.A special investigation team led by Kochi commissioner, MR Ajith Kumar is probing the case.The victims -- Valentine Jalastine and Ajeesh Binki -- set out to sea in a boat along with nine fishermen from Neendakara fishing harbour.The two fishermen were allegedly killed by the marines of Italian ship 'Enrica Lexie' when they fired at their boat on February 15.The Italian authorities have contended that the fishing boat was fired, mistaking it to be a pirate vessel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12038939", "title": "Anti-nuclear plant NGO threatens to sue PM", "text": "CHENNAI: Denying charges that their campaign against the Russian-aided Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project was being funded by United States-based groups, the People's Movement against Nuclear Energy convener S P Udayakumar on Saturday threatened legal action against Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy.The Union minister told TOI on Friday that the licences of three NGOs backing the anti-nuclear protests have been cancelled.He accused the NGOs, which yet remain unnamed, of diverting funds to fuel the anti-nuclear campaign. Narayanasamy said that foreign funds which should have been used for helping disabled and infirm communities were misused.The commissioning of the Rs 14,500 crore, 4,780MW Kudankulam project has been delayed due to the seven-month-old protests by fisherfolk and residents of several coastal hamlets in the Tirunelveli district.In a recent interview to the American journal 'Science', the PM said the atomic energy programme was being derailed by US-based NGOs whipping up a campaign against the Kudankulam project.Taking strong objection to the PM's remarks, the PMANE leader threatened to drag him to court. He said he would sue former TNCC president E V K S Elangovan for his allegations that he (Udayakumar) had received foreign funds and was convicted in a drug-peddling case abroad.Udayakumar denied he had any hand in the financial transactions of IDEA-India, a Tamil Nadu-based NGO. \"The Union minister has responded to the legal notice sent by me earlier disapproving of foreign funds to the stir. He alleged that I have received funds from a Sweden-based organization called IDEA. I am only a member of their Reconciliation Resource Network. This is a group of experts who talk about reconciliation,\" the PMANE leader said.In his reply to the notice on Friday, a copy of which is available with TOI, Narayanasamy alleged that IDEA-India, with FCRA (Foreign Contribution Regulation Act) registration has received payment from the IDEA headquarters and international IDEA affiliates to the tune of Rs 30.1 lakh between 2006 and 2011.Similarly, IDEA-India received from non-IDEA sources (overseas countries) in the same period a sum of Rs 5.54 crore.\"Udayakumar and his wife Meena Udayakumar are trustees of SACCER, a registered NGO, which is registered with IDEA's Reconciliation Resource Network as its organization,\" said Narayanasamy in his reply to Udayakumar's notice.On Russian diplomat Alexander M Kadakin's comments on the Kudankulam stir and about foreign funding of NGOs associated with it, Udayakumar said it was unbecoming of a foreign ambassador to interfere in the country's internal affairs.\"It is hurting that the PM and other leaders have not objected to the ambassador's interference,\" he said.US envoy to India Peter Burleigh said he would ask for a probe into the role of US-based NGOs aiding the stir. \"I am not well aware of the matter and so do not feel confident to comment on it. We will have to find out the facts,\" he told reporters in Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "12037914", "title": "Where courts function for only two weeks a month", "text": "GADCHIROLI: Crowded courts and high pendency of cases is common in courts across India. But, at Armori and Kurkheda talukas in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli, few cases come to the court and, as a result, they function for only two weeks in a month.People's apathy to file cases and their poor economic condition means less work for courts. The presence of 'tanta-mukti' committees - which settle disputes without legal or police intervention in villages - is another reason. \"Long-drawn legal tussles also discourage people from approaching courts,\" said a district resident.According to a court employee, the absence of development in the region and lack of infrastructure also contribute to fewer cases being filed in the courts. Sometimes, the tribal population approaches Naxals for instant justice. The Naxals often take suo moto cognisance in many cases and settle these at gunpoint.A dearth of minimum number of cases saw the Bombay high court directing the taluka-level courts in Armori and Khurkheda, where the Naxals wield considerable influence, to function only for a fortnight every month.There are around 300 criminal and 55 civil cases before the Armori court and 440 criminal and 48 civil cases are being heard before the Kurkheda court. According to a local legal expert, the number of pending cases before Armori and Kurkheda courts do not fulfil the provision of minimum cases for a taluka-level court to function as per judicial guidelines.The high court has ordered that the presiding officer of the court of civil judge junior division (CJJD) and judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) in Gadchiroli to function during the second fortnight of every month at Armori. Similarly, it has directed the CJJD and JMFC of Wadsa Desaiganj court to work for two weeks at Kurkheda court. Apart from the home taluka, the Kurkheda court has a jurisdiction over Korchi.It is also being said that one of the two courts in Chamorshi taluka has been closed down due to few cases being filed. However, this could not be confirmed.\"The tanta-mukti committees are intervening in disputes without any legal awareness. They are passing judgments in non-compoundable cases which are not supposed to be amicably settled and also handling issues of domestic violence and sexual abuse which needs court's permission,\" said Shyam Joshi, an advocate who practices at Armori court.Chandrakant Darekar, another advocate from Armori, said that the court's administrative staff is present and hence there are expenses. \"Yet, the court doesn't function throughout the month,\" he said. \"The litigants, mostly impoverished population of the tribal district, are forced to travel 30 kms for court-related work or to appear as witness.\"\"The police too are inconvenienced as they have to take the accused to others courts when the taluka courts are closed. It is also dangerous as the police have to travel through Naxal heartland along with the accused,\" said another lawyer.Damodar Nimje, who had come for a hearing, said that with fewer working days, he is less likely to get justice in a short time. \"I will have to wait for a long time for justice,\" he said.Another elderly person, talking to TOI outside Kurkheda court, said that poor people avoid approaching courts for fear of having to bear hefty legal expenses. \"Forcing a litigant to travel to another taluka means additional expense and mental torture,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037636", "title": "Facility flurry in five model wards", "text": "KOLKATA: Five wards from five districts of the state will be developed as model wards, the state environment minister said. Besides a ward in Kolkata Municipal Corporation's Behala area, one ward each in Siliguri Municipal Corporation, Madhyamgram, Mahishadal and Raghunathpur municipalities as well as one of the wards in Kolkata Municipal Corporation's Behala will become civic models to be replicated across the state.Model wards are on the anvil in five municipal bodies in as many districts of the state. One ward each in Siliguri Municipal Corporation, Madhyamgram, Mahishadal and Raghunathpur municipalities as well as one of the wards in Kolkata Municipal Corporation's Behala will become civic models to be replicated across the state.Plenty of goodies await residents of the five model wards to develop them as examples to emulate, which include setting up of parks and rainwater harvesting projects.Among plans for them are exemplary parks and rain water harvesting projects.\"The five wards identified are KMC's ward 133, ward 11 of Madhyamgram Municipality, Satish Samanta gram panchayat in Mahisadal Municipality and a ward each in Purulia's Raghunathpur Municipality and Siliguri Municipal Corporation,\" said environment minister Sudarshan Ghosh Dastidar.\"If the pilot project is successful, then we will replicate the model across the state. The budget is being calculated to convert each ward into an eco-friendly model stands at a cost of Rs 20 lakh to Rs 25 lakh each,\" the minister said.A host of projects has been lined up to develop these areas. These include setting up of parks, repair of underdeveloped drainage systems, renovation of libraries and setting up of television corners inside clubs. The host of plans lined up for these areas include developing parks, repairing under developed drainage systems, renovating libraries and setting up television corners inside clubs.\"We shall also arrange for drinking water in parks by installing water tanks. Moreover, there will be proper rest rooms for senior citizens,\" the minister said. He further stated that NGOs will be asked to conduct weekly check-ups for senior citizens living alone and take them for blood tests regularly. also regularly take them for blood tests.All the eco-friendly model wards will be no-plastic zones.The eco-friendly wards will be declared no-plastic zones and use of small plastic cups and plates will be prohibited. Use of small plastic cups and plates will be prohibited.Instead, only biochemical products would be used. in them.\"Statues installed in these wards will be cleaned, painted and decorated. Trees will be planted in the areas. We also plan to replace electric streetlights with solar ones. Once a ward becomes a model, all construction in it will have to be with eco-friendly material and should in no way cause environment pollution. Another important aspect of the project is to start rain water harvesting in these wards,\" Ghosh Dastidar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038257", "title": "'Tortured' hubbies bond to battle better halves", "text": "RANCHI: When the world was celebrating Valentine's Day on February 14, a group of men formed an organisation called Save Family Initiative to address the problems of those men who get harassed and framed in legal cases by their better halves.\"SFI will provide legal and moral support to such husbands. There can be frequent quarrels between husbands and wives but that does not mean one drags the other to the police or court. When a wife takes her in-laws and husband to court by fabricating a case of dowry and torture against them, life can be hell for these people,\" said secretary Rajesh Kumar.He added that he has also been a victim of dowry but because of timely intervention of friends and family, his marriage was saved.At present, there are 50 permanent members, who regularly meet and give every possible help to men who have been allegedly implicated in cases of dowry and torture. The organization does not take any fees.\"We don't say that all cases filed by women are false and fabricated but a number of them definitely take advantage of the law,\" said Kumar, adding that he personally knows many families which were forced to pay huge sums to settle cases out of court.One of the members claimed a family had to pay over Rs 1 crore to their daughter-in-law. \"We want this practice to come to an end. There should be equal protection for men and women. We have moved the petition before the committee of Parliament that is looking after possible amendments to the law,\" he said.Another member, Ajay Bharatia, said most of the men who approach them are highly qualified professionals. \"Most of the victims are doctors, engineers, lawyers and accountants, who are afraid to face criminal cases,\" said Bharatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12040132", "title": "Cops must attune to changing time: Patil", "text": "NASHIK: Police personnel need to keep up with the changing time as criminals and criminal activities have also changed, home minister R R Patil said here on Saturday. He said under these circumstances, events like the All India Police Duty Meet help the policemen to learn best practices in the investigation of crime, from each other.Patil, who was the chief guest at the valedictory function of the 55th meet that concluded here on Saturday, gave the overall best team trophy to Andhra Pradesh and was collected by Tejdeep Kaur Menon, additional director general (training and sports ) of Andhra Pradesh.Andhra Pradesh police team also took the winner's trophies for scientific aid to investigation and anti-sabotage check, while it took home the runner's trophy for computer awareness.From Maharashtra, IGP (CID) M K Karve won the police photography contest, while Special IG (CID) D Kanakaratnam came runners up in the videography competition. Patil also gave away the Prime Minister's Police Medal for Life Saving to 18 police personnel from across the country.Andhra Pradesh police topped the event with five gold medals and a total medal tally of 10, followed by Border Security Force (three gold and three bronze), Tamil Nadu (two gold, five silver, four bronze), Punjab (two gold and one bronze) and Maharashtra (one gold, five silver and one bronze).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044273", "title": "India\u2019s most desirable: Going back to an empty home", "text": "With India standing among three of the world's fastest-growing populations of single people, one-person households are catching on. The Internet, fat salaries and a new differentiation between being alone and lonely, are making privacy the most-desired commodity, says Anuradha Varma.Cynics will have to look beyond bachelors 'desperate' for company and 'cranky' spinsters to go tch tch at. Singletons living alone are not just pretending to be happy, they really are. In fact, today, living alone may actually be the most desired state, believes American professor of sociology and author of Going Solo: The Extraordinary Rise and Surprising Appeal of Living Alone, Eric Klinenberg.More people live alone today than at any other point in history, he says, and it's the rise of economic independence that's making it easier to buy the most coveted commodity of modern living - privacy.According to market research firm Euromonitor, India stands among three of the world's fastest-growing populations of single people (together with China and Brazil). In the decade-long research he has conducted among 300 people who live alone, an interesting revelation has been one surrounding loneliness. \"Living alone doesn't mean a less-social life. In fact, married couples with domestic responsibilities tend to get pulled out of the public realm. Singletons end up spending more time with friends, enjoying evenings at bars, and are even more likely to volunteer. They have control over their time and space,\" he says in an email interview from New York .Bindu Sharma, an entrepreneur who lives alone in an apartment in Delhi's Lajpat Nagar, could prove Klinenberg right. The single life suits her better, she admits. \"When you live alone, you are free. If you crave a Chinese meal one night, you don't have to check if your housemate is in the mood. Friends make up my support system, and my soulmate is my New York-based sister, who I speak with daily. I'm on Skype for several hours a day, keeping in touch with friends.\"That's probably what Klinenberg means when he says the Internet opens single-person households to information, ideas and relationships.Thirty-year-old author of Can Love Happen Twice?, Ravinder Singh shuttles between Hyderabad, Delhi and Chandigarh (where his mother lives), and spends several hours each day chatting with his readers online, and checking his personal profile. \"There's always an interesting post to read. Otherwise, I'm checking up on old friends.\" Staying connected makes living alone a social experience. And being virtually social may put you out there in the real world. \"According to the best study from The Pew Research Center's Internet &amp; American Life Project, heavy users of the Internet and smartphones are more likely to spend time with friends and strangers, face-to-face. Today, the Internet is enhancing people's social lives, connecting them to scenes that were out of reach a while ago. It's giving people more control over their lives, not less,\" explains Klinenberg.Delhi-based counsellor Gauri Dange, who often counsels young men in their 30s, says, \"Parents eager to see them married, hope a counsellor can 'brainwash' them. Some of the men have witnessed their friends struggling in new marriages, or with a child, and want to break away from the family. It's a perfectly legitimate choice. They seem quite happy too, pointing out that their lives are complete and actualised on other fronts.\"While experts say the trend is likely to catch on further among India's young professional classes that enjoy high-salaried jobs, cultural values could prevent it from becoming a norm. With only three per cent of all Indian households having one resident, compared to 28 per cent in the US and 47 per cent in Sweden , we are nowhere close to the West. Sarah Lamb, professor of anthropology at Boston's Brandeis University and author of Aging and the Indian Diaspora: Cosmopolitan Families in India and Abroad, quotes one of her Bengali graduate students from Kolkata, to offer an example: \"If living by oneself was that easy and acceptable hereabouts, then other things we take for granted - like the imperative on getting married, or on looking after our parents when they are older - would fall apart quite soon. Voluntarily living by oneself outside one's family home, when it's not required professionally, indicates to my mother (and to me, now that I think about it) an adoption of a lifestyle different from what we think of as the Indian or Bengali way of life.\"The successful home-alone tip Nobody likes to walk into an empty home. Build a support structure, take up classes, don't slip into a workaholic lifestyle, make time for exercise, and mental relation by catching a play or film. - Anjali Chhabria, psychiatristHeavy users of the Internet and smartphones, like single-household member and Delhi-based writer Ravinder Singh, are more likely to spend time with friends and strangers, face-to-face, reveals research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037657", "title": "'We need a constitutional culture'", "text": "NAGPUR: Addressing the tenth guest lecture during the Justa Causa National Law Festival, Supreme Court judge Justice GS Singhvi said that he has great hopes from the youngsters of the country that they will realize their role as the servants of the people.Justice Singhvi said that though the country had wavered a lot from its path and destiny as seen by the nationalist leaders during the freedom struggle, and though there was a lot of negativity in the society, there was still hope in the youngsters. \"Sixty years is a lot of time in an individual's life. But in a country's lifespan it is very small. Hence, though many have forgotten that in a democracy, the authorities are servants of people, if youngsters realize that, we will be on the path of progress,\" he said.Justice VS Sirpurkar, former judge, Supreme Court and Dr Ved Prakash Mishra, pro-chancellor, Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences along with Vibha Mahajani, principal, Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar College of Law (DBACL) and Anjali Hastak, dean, faculty of law, Nagpur University were present during the guest lecture, a part of Justa Causa which is organized by DBACL.Dr Mishra, terming the legal system as holy, said that today the country is standing on a threshold where it has to choose either a constitution of culture or the culture of constitution. \"And what we need today is constitutional culture,\" he said. Justice Singhvi while speaking on constitutionalism said that the concept reiterated the wish for the rule of law. \"Constitutionalism in India means that people's sovereignty is supreme and unlimited and the constituents of the state have limited powers,\" he said.Speaking about Justice Singhvi in his speech, Justice Sirpurkar said that Justice Singhvi was the epitome of justice. \"Whenever it is required, he rightfully uses the whip of justice without any kind of fear. And that makes everyone look at him with awe and respect,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "12039221", "title": "Boy enters Kurukshetra University girls hostel, students seek action", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Girl students staying in the hostels of the Kurukshetra University came out in the open on Saturday and protested against the lack of security on the premises. A boy had allegedly entered a hostel late on Friday night but fled when the hostellers shouted for help.Hundreds of girls assembled outside the office of the vice-chancellor and the registrar, under the banner of Student Federation of India (SFI), and shouted slogans against the administration. This is the second time in four months when the students demanded a check over the activities of miscreants.In their complaint to the authorities, the girls mentioned that a boy knocked at the door of a room in Kalpana Chawla hostel and then walked towards hostel no 9 and 10.\"We shouted for help and called the hostel security. The boy ran away. This clearly shows that the security guards were not doing their duty well,\" stated the students' complaint. On the other hand, security staff said they did not come across anyone entering the hostel illegally.SFI general secretary Nirmala, who led the agitation, asked, \"How can the students feel safe if anyone can enter the hostel easily? The authorities must explain what the security guards were up to when the boy arrived.\"SFI district president Aman said, \"We have sought an inquiry and the report must be made available within a week.\"Tough StandAs the vice-chancellor of Kurukshetra University D D S Sandhu is not in town, it was registrar Surinder Deswal who faced wrath of girl students. When the students were taking to the registrar, a youth in an open jeep went pass the office, driving rashly. The girls immediately reacted and told the registrar: \"See how bad the things are Mr Registrar. Troublemakers are never caught even in broad daylight.\" Then the registrar quickly asked the security guards to catch the youth who created nusicance, and assured the girls of an inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "rameswaram", "code": "12041752", "title": "22 TN fishermen held by Lankan navy", "text": "RAMESWARAM: Twenty-two Tamil fishermen and their five boats were taken into custody by Sri Lankan naval personnel when they were fishing near the International Maritime Boundary Line (IMBL) off Arichalmunai in this island early today, police said.The Lankan naval men alleged that the fishermen had crossed the IMBL while fishing, official sources said. Though two more boats were missing , it was not immediately known whether these had also had been commandeered by the Sri Lanakan naval men, official sources said here. Police said according to information they received, the fishermen were produced before a court in Talimannar in Sri Lanka .Before taking the fishermen into custody, the naval men allegedly attacked them by pelting stones and bottles and damaged their boats, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037552", "title": "Evergreen voices cast a spell", "text": "KOLKATA: They radiated energy and exuberance, much like their evergreen numbers that have made millions sway through the decades. While one charmed with her booming baritone, the other impressed with her earthy, melodious tunes. As one had the audience jiving to her rhythm, the other tugged at heartstrings with her rooted innocence. Usha Uthup and Runa Laila are like chalk and cheese, divergent in every musical way. Yet, they symbolise and represent several genres of music from either side of the India-Bangladesh border like very few artists do. Their music thrills people like nothing else in this part of the Subcontinent.The Maitree Bandhan Festival presented by The Times of India and Prothom Alo had the taste of a mish-mash of all kinds of music and a fusion of genres - modern, palligeeti, bhangra, pop and Bollywood numbers, courtesy the two extraordinary performers. It was a heady cocktail that thrilled a 3000-strong crowd at the picturesque Prinsep Ghat on a pleasant Saturday evening. It was the veteran Uthup who flagged off the evening with \"I believe in music, I believe in love\". She followed it up with rollicking RD Burman number 'Tumi koto je dure'. \"I am proud to be a part of Maitree Bandhan and to be singing together with as eminent a singer as Runa Laila. I feel proud to represent India in this collaboration and friendship initiative,\" she announced.The response was unprecedented response with crowd streaming in hours before the scheduled start of the programme. You couldn't fault them. After all, two of the most popular and charismatic divas from India and Bangladesh were to sing from the same stage with the historic Prinsep Ghat and the glowing Vidyasagar Setu piers as the backdrop.Usha soon had the audience in raptures with 'Dum maro dum', a song which she said is loved by the Bangladeshis. Close on its heels came 'Doston se pyar kiya' - the eternal favourite from 'Shaan' which made her rich tenor reverberating far and wide. Uthup improvised the lyrics to sing 'Bangladesh se pyar kiya' and the audience cheered her on.All that, however, was made to sound slow and sober by the echo of 'Ramba Ho', another evergreen Uthup hit. This time the audience was on its feet, clapping and cheering wildly. Uthup responded by asking the audience if it liked her saree as much as her singing. \"Yes,\" came the reply and she thanked them profusely. \"You have made my day,\" she said.Several more rollicking numbers followed one after another. Often, she broke into a medley, only to switch back to numbers. The youth in the crowd went wild as she sang 'Kolaveri di', following it up with 'E maiyya' from Don 2. She ended the evening with 'Old Lang Syne', interspersing it with 'Purano shei diner katha'. She invited the audience to light up their torches and mobile phones which were swayed in the darkness creating an ethereal effect.It was then Runa's turn to thrill. Her lilting voice seemed to have lost nothing of the charm from her 'Haiahoo' days. She was equally brilliant and at ease singing the palligeetis as well as the more fast-paced bhangra and pop numbers for which she is better known on this side of the border. She started off with 'Ganga amar maa' and moved effortlessly from 'Ishtishane railgarita' and 'Shilpi ami shilpi' to 'Tumhe ho na ho mujhko to' from 'Chit Chor'.If she left the audience moved with 'Do deewane shahar mein', they gyrated spontaneously to her 'Bandhu tin din tor bari jailam'. 'Ranjish hi sahi' demonstrated her versatility and her sway over ghazals as well. But the audience was craving more. It was time to step up the gear. The much-awaited 'Sadher Lau' had them delighted. \"It is always nice to come over to Kolkata and perform. I have had a long association with the city and even Ushaji. I thank The Times of India for taking this wonderful initiative. It is our artists who can bring the two countries together,\" she said.The melody queen from Bangladesh winded up with two feet-tapping numbers that have been favourites for decades. 'O mere babu chhail chhabila' had thousands tapping their feet. Several climbed on to the stage to sway to the music. As the show reached a feverish pitch, the climax turned out to be a fitting one - fast and furious. 'Dama dam mast kalandar' it had to be. Laila didn't disappoint. She was perhaps at her best belting it out with vigour, energy and spunk. The evening came to close with a thundering round of applause for the two artists who have symbolized music in the two Bengals. Another significant step had been taken towards friendship through melody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038370", "title": "Gujaratis third highest tourists in Bihar", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat sends the third highest number of tourists to Bihar after travelers form abroad and West Bengal , officials of Bihar Tourism said on the sidelines of the two-day road-show that kicked off here on Saturday to showcase Bihar as a tourism destination.Gajendra Singh of Bihar Tourism said that Gujaratis, mainly Jains, travel to Bihar, as the state is home to many revered Jain pilgrimages.The road show was inaugurated by Anuradha Mall, managing director, Gujarat Women Economic Development Corporation. \"Remote interiors of Bihar have a history dating to pre-historic era. Bihar has survived the travails of history. One must visit the changed Bihar to experience the rich culture, tradition and cuisine for a new experience,\" Mall said.Tourism officials said that Bihar government is also reviving the Nalanda University on the lines of the ancient Nalanda University which used to attract people from throughout the globe. The university will attract students from different parts of the country as well as abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037611", "title": "City beats other metros in office rent growth", "text": "KOLKATA: Bandhs and lockouts may have tarnished the image of the city over the years, but believe it or not, Kolkata has beaten the likes of Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore to record the highest growth in office space rentals in the country. What's more? Not one, but four locations in the city - Rashbehari connector, Park Circus connector, Dalhousie Square and Park Street - figured in the list that recorded the highest rental growth in office space last year.Though real estate rates in Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore are still way higher than Kolkata, rentals in the city have gone up when other cities saw a price correction.The Rashbehari connector, which links Gariahat to Ruby, witnessed the highest appreciation in rental value in 2011 at 28.1% over the previous year. Three other locations that also recorded high growth rate were Park Circus connector at 26.1%, Dalhousie Square at 24% and Park Street/Camac Street at 18.4%. While monthly office space rental in Park Street shot up from Rs 103/sq ft in 2010 to Rs 122 in 2011, it increased from Rs 50 to 62 in Dalhousie, Rs 57 to 73 along Rashbehari connector and from Rs 60 to 76 along Park Circus connector.\"The high growth is driven by scarcity in quality office space at these locations. It is only in recent times that big projects have come up with Grade 'A' supply that commands a premium over others,\" said a realtor.Suburban Hyderabad was the only other location where rental space increased by more than 15%. In Hyderabad, the office space rental increased from Rs 32 to 38, or 18.8%. Other locations that figured in the top 15 are in Bangalore, Pune, Chennai and Mumbai.Meanwhile, Mumbai's central business district (Nariman Point) dropped from the eighth to 15th spot in the annual report on office space across the world by global property consultants Cushman &amp; Wakefield. This is also the first time in over six years that Mumbai has dropped out of the top 10 rent rankings. Hong Kong, Londonand Tokyo maintained their position as the top three on the annual chart. Beijing (5) and Sydney (7) came into the top 10 for the first time in 2012.Cushman &amp; Wakefield-India executive director Ravi Ahuja said, \"The decline of Mumbai's CBD rentals is reflective of two very important aspects. Firstly, that other micro markets across Mumbai are witnessing a growth vis-a-vis the CBD. Secondly, that there is a certain amount of rationalisation in rentals in locations that had seen unprecedented rise in peak periods of 2007-08. Nariman Point has seen a steady and perhaps planned decline in the last few years as other micro markets like Bandra Kurla Complex and Lower Parel recorded a corresponding rise. BKC was consciously planned to decongest the CBD over a period of time and we see this phenomenon setting in.\"Nariman Point saw a rental decline of approximately 8% in 2011, allowing the location to slip in global ranking, largely due to diminishing interest from occupiers on account of higher prices, lower quality and age of construction and growing distances from residential hubs. In contrast to this, locations like Bandra-Kurla Complex, Worli-Lower Parel and Andheri-Kurla Road offer larger floor place and higher quality of construction while being closer to residential hubs.\"The trend of shift in focus from the CBD to other locations is also visible in the prime office markets in Kolkata, NCR and Bangalore where, suburban and peripheral locations are witnessing a rise in activities. Not only do these locations have a cost advantage over traditional locations, they are able to offer greater value in terms of social and civic infrastructure and also good talent pool from the vicinity. Thus we are likely to see this phenomenon continue for another few quarters,\" said Ahuja.According to Abhijit Das, joint managing director of realty consultancy firm Lemongrass, the high rate of appreciation in rent in Kolkata is not only owing to low base rent here but also due to lack of land parcels in the city. \"Since there is no prospect of large-scale development of new holdings in the city, the few opportunities available see competing bids, leading to higher rentals,\" Das said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037951", "title": "Ernakulam Junction: Waiting for high security cover", "text": "KOCHI: It's a well known fact that Railways is planning to improve security at railway stations through a Rs 800 crore Integrated Security System (ISS) by March 31.But Ernakulam Junction, one of the stations chosen for the project as early as 2009, has not made any headway in this matter.The CCTV systems here, which were unplugged to facilitate setting up ISS sometime back, remain unplugged, increasing threat perceptions.Under the ISS scheme, Ernakulam Junction was supposed to get a host of state-of-the-art equipment - handheld and wooden framed metal detectors, vehicle scanners to detect explosives, bomb suppressing blankets, bomb detection and disposal kits, 40 high definition surveillance cameras, etc. But none of it seems to have arrived.However, Railways Thiruvananthapuram divisional officials maintain that the ISS project is right on target and that the required cabling works had been completed. Various gadgets had arrived and the system would be installed soon, officials said.\"The existing CCTV cameras were unplugged in order to facilitate work on ISS. But the work got delayed because of issues related to procurement of equipment and other declared station development projects. Southern Railway wants to incorporate the station's world class elevation project and ISS. But delay in one project is slowing down the other,\" a senior official said.Ernakulam Junction is, in fact, over burdened with announcement of various developmental projects. None of them becomes a reality.Officials themselves are not sure which project has to be implemented first.Until these matters are settled first, the station will remain underdeveloped,\" said P Unnikrishnan, divisional president, Southern Railway Mazdoor Union.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12031759", "title": "I prefer working with women directors: Harshika", "text": "She might be only a few films old, but actor Harshika Poonacha wishes to make it big in the Kannada film industry.After Jackie, Harshika is now looking at making a splash in the south Indian film industry. The actor is pinning her hopes on director Kavitha Lankesh's next that stars Crazy Star Ravichandran, Daisy Bopanna and newbie Surya in lead roles. What's got her more excited is the fact that she donned the assistant director's cap for the film as well.\"It was a great learning experience working with Kavitha as an assistant director. From the manner in which a scene is being shot to the camera angles - she helped me understand the nuances of filmmaking,\" she gushes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039387", "title": "36% jump in HIV among Mumbai gays in 2 yrs: Study", "text": "MUMBAI: A notable increase in the prevalence of HIV among men having sex with men (MSM) in the recently concluded HIV Sentinel Surveillance in the city has alarmed anti-HIV crusaders. The annual surveillance carried out by the National Aids Control Organisation (Naco) has pegged the prevalence at 12.5% in 2010-11 (April-March ) compared to 9.2% recorded in 2008-09 , an almost 36% jump from the base figure.Though commonly MSM population is equated with gay men, activists debate that it is not so, as bisexuals-men having sex with both men and women--too come under the gambit.HIV prevalence among MSM in the city had seen a huge fall from 23.9% to 6% between 2000-2001 and 2005-06 . But, after that, the graph has only zoomed upwards with the prevalence going up to 7.6% in 2006-07 , to 8.6% in 2007-08 and 9.2% in 2008-09 . There was no surveillance for the year 2009-10 .Project director of Mumbai District Aids Control Society (MDACS) Dr S S Kudalkar did not want to comment on the issue.Project director of Mumbai District Aids Control Society (MDACS) Dr S S Kudalkar did not want to comment on the rise in prevalence of HIV among men having sex with men in the city and said he was yet to receive the detailed figures of the HIV Sentinel Surveillance (HSS). NACO officials , too, remained unavailable for comment.While, the state agencies have reached out to only 39,572 MSM, NGOs accept that the number is \"grossly underreported\" . \"It is a complicated area where even gay organizations have limitations as far as reaching out is concerned. Here, we are talking about men, many of whom do not want to be identified as gay,\" said public health expert Dr Shilpa Merchant, previously associated with Population Services International.Activists are unanimous that there are many men who regularly indulge in sexual activity with other men but resist being labelled as gay fearing social stigma.Gay activist and chairperson of Humsafar Trust Ashok Row Kavi said that the government had managed to reach out to only networks of identified homosexuals. \"Bisexuals do not even want to come to identifiable places. This population is incredibly difficult to access ,\" he said, adding that the number of MSM population could be \"very, very high\" .Medically, the debate has often revolved around anal sex being riskier than vaginal sex, and therefore, spouses being vulnerable of getting infected not only with HIV but other sexually transmitted diseases. But Kavi said that it would be impractical to say that only gay men indulged in such sex. \"Studies have shown that up to 45% of heterosexual married couples indulge in it, though that too is a high-risk behaviour . The idea is to educate men about safe sex,\" he said.Kavi also said that in the course of reaching out to gay men, his NGO had observed that between 50% and 55% of men were having sex with their wives as well as other men. \"Of these, around 25% were married and did not seem to be under any pressure to indulge in such sexual behaviour,\" he said. \"Internet holds the key to reach out to MSM. We have to reach them through emails, tracking sex sites and then educate them,\" said Kavi. The internet has emerged as the most commonly used medium by men to look for 'partners' .Merchant said the government should think of ways to reach out to all men rather than only gay men. \"There are hardly any dedicated programmes to target this high-risk population . We need neutral organizations to participate,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "12038037", "title": "IUML for NIA probe into activist's murder", "text": "KANNUR: The Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) in the district has criticized the police for its inaction and alleged that some officers take orders from the CPM leaders.Addressing a press conference here on Saturday, IUML district president V K Abdul Khader Maulavi, general secretary BP Farooq and Azhikode MLA K M Shaji alleged that the attacks on the IUML workers are planned and it shows the pattern of the attacks by Naxalites.They also demanded a probe by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) into the murder of Muslim Youth League activist Abdul Shukkoor on February 20.Though the Kannapuram police was reportedly alerted about the planned attack on five Muslim Youth League workers, including Shukkoor, when they were waylaid by a group of people for nearly two hours, the police did not reach in time and the reason for this should also be probed, they said.\"Though, two young workers of the IUML were killed in the last five months, we didn't retaliate in the same coin. But, we are still being accused of promoting extremism, whereas the real extremism is promoted by the CPM leaders,\" alleged Maulavi.Talking about CPM district secretary P Jayarajan's statement in a press conference recently that Shukkoor was there in the team that allegedly attacked him on February 20, by showing the photograph of a youth standing near the car of the CPM leaders during their visit to Pattuvam, KN Shaji alleged that the statement itself underscores that CPM is behind the murder of the youth. He also said Jayarajan's claim that it was the photograph of Shukkoor was also wrong.The IUML leaders also said the party would extend all supports including the legal help, to the family of Shukkoor in fighting the case. The family has already sent a legal notice to P Jayarajan in connection with his statement on the death of Shukkoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12039654", "title": "Preparations in full swing for UPRTOU\u2019s convocation", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Preparations are in full swing at the convocation ground of the Academic Complex of Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University (UPRTOU) which would hold its sixth convocation on February 29. The governor and Chancellor of the University B L Joshi will preside over the function while the convocation address would be delivered by chief guest Prof Harsh K Gupta, member, National Disaster Management Authority, Government of India.Giving details of the preparations on Saturday, vice-chancellor of UPRTOU Prof A K Bakshi said that around 12,000 students, who have passed their examination in December 2010 or June 2011, would be awarded degrees and PG diplomas at the convocation. Besides, 17 brilliant students would also be felicitated with gold medals. Students from the remote places of the state are expected to take part in the convocation.He further said that the Chancellor's Gold Medal has been bagged by BCA student Nivedita Singh of Ballia. She has scored the highest marks among all undergraduate and postgraduate students. Other recipients of the University Gold Medal, from Post Graduate courses, include Anamika Pandey of MA Economics, Niraj Rani of MA Social Work, Ranjan Sen Gupta of MCom, Dilip Kumar Maurya of MCA, Gyan Prakash Saini of MA Education and Narendra Kumar MSc Bio-Chemistry.Similarly, for under-graduate courses, those who would be given Gold Medal include Ranjeeta Visawakarma from BLIS, Hena Fatma of BA, Akhilesh Kumar of BCom, Nivedita Singh from BCA and Dharmendra Kumar Mishra from BEd. Five Donor Gold Medals will be given to the students in the convocation. The recipients include Shivani Srivastava who would be given Babu Om Prakash Gupta Memorial Gold Medal, Jyoti Srivastava of MCA be given Johra Ahmad Mirja Memorial Gold Medal, Rupa Chaturvedi of MBA who would awarded with Sri Kailashpat Nevetia Gold Medal, and Late Anil-Meena Chakravarti Memorial Gold Medal would be awarded to Hena Fatma (BA) and Niraj Rani (MA) Social Work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038237", "title": "Passion key to successful career: Experts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students who would be appearing for their board exams this year can take heart as some of the leading scientists have vetoed that it is passion for a subject and not marks what it takes one to pursue brilliant careers in science.On the occasion of National Science Day at the Physical Research Laboratory (PRL) on Saturday, scientists at the institute organized an open house for students, parents and teachers, explaining them how it is important to notice an aptitude for science in their children and students, than plainly deciding a career for them by the marks they score.\"I have seen parents forcing their children to pursue careers in medicine, IT, popular technology and ignoring what children want for themselves. Teachers these days want experts to tell their students how to score marks. The child might have passionate hobbies he or she would want to pursue. Parents often try to live their unfulfilled dreams through their children. They may score a 100 in all subjects but such children seldom excel in their fields for want of passion,\" explained scientist and JC Bose national fellow A K Singhvi.The issue was reiterated by PRL director J N Goswami. \"In science we need individuals who live and marry their passion. None of us have joined PRL because our parents wanted it. Real passion comes when one realizes the power of innovation and that is available to one in abundance in pure and fundamental sciences,\" he said.More than 200 students from across the state participated in the day-long science activities where they were introduced to fundamental principles of science, including experiments with light. The students and teachers were even introduced to concepts of environmental radioactivity and space weather and explained the contribution of PRL in developing sciences across the country.Aashirwad Patel and Manva Pradhan from Bharatiya Vidya Bhavans Vadodara were awestruck by the PRL campus and the many scientific projects like space exploration undertaken by the institute along with ISRO. \"It has been my dream to pursue research at PRL and I know that it requires a lot of hard work to make it here,\" says Pradhan.Jay Dadhania of GK Dholakiya School in Rajkot claimed that he got a tremendous response for his posters on light. For physics teachers Vishnu Patel of Kameshwar Vidyalaya and Renuka Patel of St Xavier's School, Hansol, it had been a realization as they plan to introduce new methods in their teaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12037872", "title": "Jairam Ramesh visits Cherthala, interacts with NREGA workers", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh visited Kodamthuruthu grama panchayat in Cherthala on Saturday to observe the activities of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) workers. When the minister arrived at the village at 10am, the MGNREGA workers were setting up coir geo-textiles on either side of a village road. The minister spent some time with the workers and watched their activities.The women performed various folk art forms for of the minister. The minister appreciated 66-year-old Innamma, who performed a folk song on MGNREGA workers in front of the minister.It was followed by an interactive session between the villagers and the minister. The minister lent an ear to the woes of MGNREGA and ASHA workers.Shylaja Ponnan, an MGNREGA worker told the union minister that their panchayat did not give workers' wages on time. Workers also requested the minister to change their working hours from 9am to 4pm. At present it is 8am to 5pm. \"The workers should be given mid-day meals and their daily wages should be augmented from Rs 150 to Rs 200,\" they said.An ASHA worker Suseela Thilakan told the minister that they had not been received the remuneration for their work since November 2008. \"We are being deployed for the various activities of the health department. But they are not ready to give our remuneration. Though they announced Rs 500 as honorarium to us, we have not received any amount in this connection so far,'' she said.The union minister also visited Kadakkarapally grama panchayat to observe the activities of coir workers. The minister promised all the workers that their problems would be settled soon. Union minister of state for power K C Venugopal , rural development commissioner M Nandakumar, district collector Saurabh Jain, legislator A M Arif and officials of the grama panchayats accompanied the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039726", "title": "Is there is less enthusiasm among voters this time for the elections?", "text": "Enthusiasm is less this time because people are not happy that promises made by politicians are never fulfilled. Problems of law and order situation, price rise, roads etc are never resolved. Besides, people vote for a candidate due to the ideology of a party, but the candidate then joins some other party. People are also disgusted because in spite of spending precious time to vote, politicians don't come after elections. They are seen only before elections begging for votes.Vandana TanksaleDoctor, VascoNo. On the contrary, there is much more enthusiasm this time than otherwise, since people are out to defeat the forces that are detrimental to the state. Unlike in the past, some good and upright candidates have decided to contest and this is one more reason why the turnout is expected to be better, as people in many constituencies have now a choice. Those who think that voting is a waste of time, since money plays a big role, should think twice because it is this attitude that has allowed unworthy people to come up.Jose Maria MirandaWriter, MargaoI think the enthusiasm is less among the electorate for the elections because the scene is very confusing in some areas. This is considering the backgrounds of certain candidates. Overall, however, there are a few candidates that may do something for the state and the youth too are taking an interest in the elections.Philomena RodriguesHousewife, St CruzI feel that people are fed up with scams and misuse of public money. That is why there is less enthusiasm to vote. What we need are reforms in the electoral process. Reforms wherein elected representatives will not take voters for granted should be put in place. What I feel is that even elected representatives should have certain minimum qualifications, which should be decided by the election commission.Sandeep LawandeDentist, PorvorimElections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037730", "title": "Nasscom suggests 'virtual SEZ' option", "text": "KOLKATA: In the wake of the controversy over the proposed SEZs, IT body Nasscom has a suggestion. It wants the Bengal government to consider giving a \"virtual SEZ\" status where it can tweak some of the rules of SEZ, like land requirement, without doing away with the other conditions.\"The West Bengal government may decide to suggest the modification of the current SEZ policy to include the concept of virtual SEZ wherein there are no restrictions on size, but they reflect other conditions of the SEZ policy,\" Suparno Moitra, regional manager (east), Nasscom, told TOI.He said Nasscom fully understands and respects the philosophy of the current government in power, which primarily opposes SEZs because of two fundamental reasons. Firstly, it involves the acquisition of large tracts of land, which leads to displacement of people and the government does not want that without having a proper rehabilitation act in place. Secondly, being granted a public utility status, SEZs are definitely non-strike zones, but that goes against the fundamental right of workers to voice their rightful concern.But he underlined the fact that the decision of the Bengal government not to recommend an SEZ status for Infosys or Wipro to the Board of Approval can potentially derail the future growth of this sector, affecting investment in West Bengal and loss of potential employment opportunity for rural and urban youth. \"Not recommending an SEZ will have significant adverse impact on West Bengal's ability to attract investment in the IT/BPO sector,\" he said.Of late, a lot of hue and cry has been raised in the state regarding the state government's stand against SEZ and the impediment it is causing to the two upcoming IT projects in the state - Infosys and Wipro.Both Infosys and Wipro had taken 50 acres in Rajarhat for Rs 1.5 crore per acre for their projects. While Infosys made full payment for the land last October, Wipro is yet to clear the entire amount. So far, it has paid only one-third of the total money. Recently, Infosys has written a letter to Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (HIDCO), seeking clarification on its SEZ status in the state.Talking about its stand on the SEZ, one of the Wipro officials said: \"I am extremely hopeful about the project. The state government is trying to find out some way to give us the SEZ status. The issues are being handled by the top management of Wipro and the higher officials in the state government.\"Although Infosys refused to comment, it clarified that it has not got any official communication from the state government on the SEZ yet.\"As far as Infosys is concerned, they will not have a level playing field considering the fact that they will have to operate without SEZ benefits,\" Moitra said.He added that the IT BPO has been well recognized as a growth engine for the country and the state of West Bengal has been a leading contributor to this sector. \"Exports are very strategic to Indian economy. SEZs offer great encouragement for export for both manufacturing and services sector by improving competitiveness by attracting investments and creating jobs. Given our infrastructural constraints, SEZs offset some of the disadvantages.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039905", "title": "Residents demand for Peelamedu ROB again", "text": "COIMBATORE: In view of the delay in Nabard allotting funds for the rail over bridge in the area, the Peelamedu Consumer Voice, whose protest has caught public imagination in the city, has announced a human chain protest on March 18. It has also announced that it will stop trains on April 23 if funds for the project are not allotted.\"I have obtained via RTI all the details of the project. It will cost Rs 30.5 crore and Nabard has to allot funds for the project. But while similar projects in Singanallur and elsewhere are being allotted funds, the Peelamedu ROB has been neglected,\" said PV Gopal of Peelamedu Consumer Voice.The decision to go in for a series of protests was taken at a meeting of the organisation on February 4. The ROB has been planned at Gandhi Maa Nagar in Peelamedu. The railways has issued tender to start work on the project on February 17 and end it in eight months from the starting date. However, the district administration has not made facilities to arrange for an alternative route while the bridge is constructed and work on the bridge has not even begun. \"We therefore request the district administration to arrange for alternative route,\" Gopal said.Residents, meanwhile, have alleged that the highways department had withdrawn a proposal to expand the bridge on both sides, reducing its width from 80feet to 60feet. They said this was being done to accommodate the wishes of powerful citizens living on Vilankurichi Road.\"The GRT School and Vijaykumar Ginning Factory, apart from a few companies, are situated on the road. About 40 families have gone to the court to obtain a stay against the widening of the road. In view of all this, we have no option but to go on a stir,\" said an activist.PV Gopal of Peelamedu Consumer Voice, who has gone on an RTI campaign supporting his demand for the bridge, said that nearly 50,000 residents living in Cheran Maa Nagar, Vilankurichi and Thaneerpandal would benefit if the bridge is built.\"The Vilankurichi Road is a highly busy stretch and the lack of the bridge is consuming the time of the people, who are also forced to spend more on fuel,\" he said. There are nearly 30-35 colonies in the area and residents here are frustrated over the delay in building the bridge, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12039772", "title": "Exam fever grips board students", "text": "KANPUR: The examination fever is gripping the students. The exams of ICSE and ISC boards will start from February 27. The CBSE board students will be getting three day extra time for preparations as the class XII examinations will start from March 1.As many as 8,500 students are expected to appear in ISC and ICSE examinations this year. This number includes the students of both class 10 and 12. The CBSE authorities had reported that more than 9,500 students will appear in classes X and XII examinations.Meanwhile, the counsellors and psychologists are advising the parents and guardians to stop putting pressure on their ward too hard to achieve better grades. According to the psychologists, nearly 40 per cent students fall sick just before or during exams. According to the experts, the main reasons are lack of enough rest, junk food, and poor hygiene. \"Students mostly complain of stomachache, headache and fever. Due to the lack of nutritious diet, children are likely to contract chickenpox.Pretending to be sick is also noticed,\" said LK Singh, head psychologist, divisional psychological centre. It is important for children to learn time management. The problem begins with lastminute preparations. Adequate sleep and nutritious food are the keys to success. Stress is the biggest hurdle.It gives students sleepless nights, making them feel sick, he said. \"Over-expectation from parents and peer pressure, as well as irregular studies during the year, make pupils stressed. They don't focus on eating healthy which is enough to spoil health,\" Singh added. A child counsellor said that stress happens when students study constantly without a break. This creates tension and panic.\"One need to avoid last-minute study. It is better to study throughout the year to avoid confusion and stress. This way, there will be time for revision,\" she added. Regular exercise and playing games are important during examinations. Practice of 'vipassana' is good for the memory.'Pranayama' or deep breathing and meditation contribute to physical and mental health. The practitioners will find that they are mentally and spiritually fit and alert and equipped to overcome stress and are able to banish negative thoughts. One should understand that it is the quality that matters. The emphasis should be on learning to strike a balance between subjects. Practical subjects like accounts and mathematics need continuous practice and theoretical subjects like commerce require a thorough understanding of the concepts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12038087", "title": "Pocket-size homes for all", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Those struggling with means to own a house in Bhubaneswar can rejoice at the state government's plan to reserve 10% of all new housing projects for economically weaker sections ( EWS) and lower income groups (LIG). In this regard, the government has also proposed to create a new 'shelter fund' for undertaking affordable housing projects in the state capital.The draft of the Bhubaneswar Development Authority (planning and building standards) amendment regulations 2011 proposes that apartment buildings and group housing projects will earmark at least 10% of their construction area for making housing units for EWS/LIG categories, which form an estimated 3 lakh of the around 9 lakh population in the state capital. The BDA will decide the cost and method of allotment of such houses. \"The draft will be open for public feedback and suggestions soon,\" BDA planning member Prashant Patnaik told TOI.The draft says developers will have the option to develop affordable units at the same site or within a 5 km radius from the main project area. Alternatively, they can deposit an amount of money, which will be decided by the BDA, towards a 'shelter fund'. The BDA will use the shelter fund to create reasonably priced houses, slum rehabilitation and development.As of now, only government housing projects and projects under public private partnership (PPP) mode has housing units reserved for the EWS/LIG category. The amendment makes it mandatory for private builders as well to create affordable houses for the bottom 30% of the population.The BDA draft proposes several relaxations to builders in lieu of the reservation. The builders will get relaxation in floor area ratio (FAR), equal to the land used for construction of affordable category houses, with a maximum ceiling of 25%, the proposed amendment says.Besides, contrary to the prevalent practice of allowing construction only after obtaining a no objection certificate (NOC) from multiple state agencies for fire safety, drainage, water and electricity supply, the BDA proposes to allow provisional construction without the NOC. The NOC will be required only during seeking occupancy certificates when buyers take possession of the completed houses from the builders.The draft also proposed to reduce the minimum width of approach road to multistoried buildings from 18 metres at present to 12 metre and remove the prohibition on developing multistoried buildings within 100 metres of national highway.The mandatory requirement of elevators (lifts) in building of 12 metres height at present is proposed to be relaxed by three meters and make it compulsory only for buildings of a minimum height of 15 metres. Villages within the BDA jurisdiction will not need to take its permission for construction in less than 300 square metres area anymore. It proposes that such villages (bastis) won't need to approach BDA for construction, re-construction, addition or alteration of buildings.Shopping malls, hotels and IT industry establishments, which require to reserve 60% of their total area for parking, will now need to keep aside only 50%. The government proposes to allow single basement parking in plots of at least 500 square metres and multiple basement parking in plots above 1,000 square metre area. Rooftop parking will be allowed an at least 2,000 square metre area.The amendment proposes to change the very definition of apartment as well. While an apartment was defined as a building with six or more dwelling units thus far, as per the draft proposal, an apartment would now mean a building with more than four dwelling units where land is owned jointly and construction is undertaken by a single agency.Real estate developers expressed mixed reaction on the proposed amendment. \"It is a welcome step to reserve some percentage of houses for the have nots. But the government should clarify how the 5 km distance will be calculated,\" said Pradipta Kumar Biswasray, president of Real Estate Developers Association of Odisha (REDA). Biswasray suggested the government should relax the 5 km limit and make it mandatory for builders to make such houses anywhere within the BDA area.D S Tripathy, president of Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (CREDAI), Odisha chapter, said the 10% reservation is not going to solve the housing shortage for the two categories, however. \"The government should consider other steps such as waiving registration fee and other taxes for the EWS/LIG segment. Ten per cent reservation will not create sufficient houses to meet the demand,\" he said. The CREDAI chief said even if the bottom 30% people get a house in a premium segment at a relatively lower price, they would face difficulty in paying society charges, which may be too high for them. The government should address these concerns, he stressed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040059", "title": "Court firing: Three sent to police custody remand till March 3", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court on Saturday sent three suspects to police custody remand till March 3 for allegedly opening fire on criminal on police record Vijay Dinkar Karke (25) at Kamgar putla slums behind the district and sessions court at Shivajinagar on Thursday.The suspects are Sangram Gholap (26) of Mangalwar Peth, Ravindra Chavan (30) and Akshay alias Lala Pawle (26), both residents of Ambegaon Pathar.Karke was at the court to attend the hearing for his friend Avinash Shilamkar, an eyewitness, in the murder case of Sandeep Bandal, MNS leader from Bhor taluka.All three are also suspects in the Bandal murder case and Shilamkar had deposed against them in the court. The Shivajinagar police arrested the suspects on Friday after seeking permission from the court.Senior inspector Pandharinath Patil produced the suspects before the court of judicial magistrate first class M Y Doiphode for seeking 10-day police custody.Assistant public prosecutor Rajendra Suryawanshi submitted before the court that the suspect's custodial interrogation was essential for recovering the firearms, arresting their absconding suspects and for recovering the vehicle used in the crime.Opposing the prosecution's plea, defence lawyer Makarand Walunj argued that the police had arrested the suspects merely on suspicion. The court then sent the suspects to police custody remand till March 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037876", "title": "'Indian dental colleges give better training'", "text": "NAGPUR: The government dental colleges at Mumbai, Nagpur and Aurangabad may develop into sophisticated health care destinations. The process has already been set into motion by procuring some ultra-modern machines, including the Cone Beam Computed Tomography (CBCT) that costs more than a crore, for Government Dental College, Nagpur.Dentistry has always been seen as the poorer cousin of medical practice, with the students preferring the latter over the former. The scenario has undergone a sea change over the last decade or so, believes Dr Mansing Pawar, member of the Dental Council of India (DCI) and joint director (dental) of the state's Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER).Dr Pawar was in the city over the weekend to attend a conference 'Endomeet' organized by Academy of Conservative Dentistry and Endodontics (ACE) along with the Indian Endodontic Society at VSPM dental college. He is the dean of the Government Dental College, Mumbai where he also heads the endodontics department of the college. Endodontics is commonly understood as a branch of dentistry which deals with saving the teeth with modern techniques of root canal treatment.\"There are plans to make the three government dental colleges of the state, centres of excellence with international standard using high end tools of the trade. The idea is to promote the hospitals attached with them as destinations of dental tourism where high government officials as well as foreigners can come for treatment,\" informed Dr Pawar. The proposal has already been discussed with ministers and DMER officials. In the second phase, these facilities can be extended to the 15 government medical colleges, all of which have dentistry departments.\"Almost a fifth of students appearing for Pre-Medical Test voluntarily opt for dentistry. In fact, it the more preferred field in most developed countries,\" said Dr Pawar. He believes that the field has seen more technical advances than any other area of medicine and has developed into a sophisticated science. This is what has encouraged the DCI to request the government to form an oral health policy for the country which, he is positive, would be in practice in another couple of years.However, the training in the Indian colleges is better than that in most other countries, stressed the dean. \"All through their graduation and post graduation, they are busy counselling patients and only attend a handful of them. Our students have three years of practical, clinical experience, having already attended hundreds of patients independently,\" he said. This made them better equipped to handle cases when they set up practices or join hospitals, insisted Dr Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039798", "title": "Army staff chief visits Mhow College", "text": "INDORE: Chief of Army staff Gen VK Singh recently visited Army War College, Mhow and addressed the officers of Higher Command Course, including the officers of the Army, Navy and Air Force, who were attending the Joint Training Capsule there.He deliberated on the present geopolitical challenges in the region, with specific reference to the Indian subcontinent. Articulating his views on the subject, Chief emphasized upon the operational necessity to focus on joint response in future conflict scenarios in the subcontinent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12039154", "title": "Sadananda Gowda is the lone batsman left on the pitch: Krishna", "text": "BANGALORE: While training guns on the ruling BJP and CM D V Sadananda Gowda, external affairs minister S M Krishna on Saturday said the ruling party's woes continue to swell as its captain, BS Yeddyurappa , was declared run out by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari due to his alleged role in various scams.Krishna, known for his sarcasm statements, said as many as 10 of the 11 BJP 'cricket' team members have met with the same fate due to their alleged involvement in scams. \"Now Sadananada Gowda is wandering alone on the pitch as there are no batsmen left to bat with him in the other end. Moreover, his own team members are trying to bowl him out. Karnataka had never seen such pathetic situation before,\" he said during a Congress party delegates meet on Saturday.Scotching rumours of his comeback to state politics, Krishna said that he was satisfied with the posts and honours given by the party. \"I have reached a point where I can sit back and groom youngsters in state politics,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044356", "title": "What's the reality?", "text": "Of course it all sounds romantic - sling a guitar over your shoulders, hit the stage once in a while or a weekend gig a few times in a year and that's all your 'working hours' are made of.And if you make it big, the fans and the adoration coming your way would indeed be blinding! It is indeed a glamourous image that the life of a musician gives you. But we explore how viable it is to actually be a live musician. How much do you make? Is it a sensible career option?\"\"It is tough to be a live musician, yes. If you play in a band, which unless mainstream, there's not much you will make,\"\" Shares Arjun R, a musician. He shares that when you play in a semi or non-professional set up, all you get paid is pittance, which ultimately ends up being shared between the members of the band. \"\"So in effect, you don't really make much money off the gigs.\"\"So why exactly are musicians left in the lurch while their mainstream contemporaries make money off re cords, even the ones that don't sell? \"\"See, it starts with the event promoters,\"\" says Manas Gupta, a sessional musician. \"\"Most promoters approach you with a chance to play, an avenue or a stage. But when it comes to paying us, most of them just shrug and respond that it was a big deal letting the musician play on their stage itself. That kind of patronizing attitude must stop,\"\" he continues.From an event promoter's point of view, Rati Shekhar, an event manager who has just opened up her new start up artiste and event management firm, says, \"\"We don't get a sponsor willing to shell out cash to support the local scene as such. They look for a business proposition and in the end, the major parrt where event promoters have to cut down is with the talent payment itself, n matter how ridiculous that may sound. Apparently, talent is as big as the opportunities they get.\"\"Now, how exactly would a band or a solo artiste make any revenue out of their music? \"\"To start with, you could get some merchandise made. But that is only if your fan base is big enough,\"\" shares Matthew Koshy, ad jingle composer. \"\"I read somewhere recently that it is so difficult being a musician because you have to make your music, package it, market it, sell it, and hype it too. So that is the long line of talents you require besides being a musician itself if you want to actually make money off your music.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039661", "title": "Harassing officials must be transferred: Trajano to Election Commission", "text": "PANAJI: Saligao independant candidate Trajano D'Mello has written to the Election Commission asking it to transfer two officers from their present position, alleging that he was being made victim by constant harassment preventing him from concentrating on his poll campaign.\"The Media Monitoring Committee considered it a crime to depict the spiritual leaders of my faith who always guided, blessed and inspired me in my socio-political events. In my opinion the only violation, if any, is having hurt the communal feelings of the two above mentioned officers. In view of the above facts, I demand that you immediately shift these officers from the present position failing which these two officers are bound to witch-hunt, mentally torture and harass me. Hoping you will act swiftly,' states D'Mello's letter.The Saligao independent candidate was arrested on Tuesday on charges of disobeying the order of election authorities. He was later released on bail. Police said D'Mello was issuing a campaign advertisement on a local channel highlighting his social activities.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039353", "title": "Number of women taking to crime surges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If Chandigarh witnessed a rise in crime against women in the recent past, the other side of the story shows a rise in involvement of women in crime, over three years.From cases of murder, attempt to murder and rioting to drug peddling and theft, a total of 467 women have been arrested during the last three years in the city. The number was 135 in 2009 and it shot up to 180 in 2011.Statistics with Chandigarh police say 41 women of the 135 arrested in 2009 went behind bars for rioting and liquor peddling while one each was convicted for murder and theft in the same year.The consecutive year, three women - Sunita Devi, Krishan Devi and Santosh Kumari - were arrested for murder and in 2011, another was held for committing murder. The number of women held for cheating in 2010 was eight and it rose to 26 in 2011, while those arrested for bootlegging rose from seven in 2010 to 19 in 2011.In case of road accidents, 34 women have been arrested in last three years, with 15 of them being nabbed in 2011 alone. One woman accused in a road accident was convicted by a trial court in 2009. A senior police official said court trials are pending against 55 women held for thefts in the city.Ironically, 135 cases of rape, molestation and eve teasing were registered against women in 2010 and 165 cases in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039768", "title": "'Raise moral standards of kids to curb crimes'", "text": "INDORE: The Lasudia police registered an FIR against eight persons under Section 376 (2G) of the IPC in connection with the gang-rape case at Anmol dhaba. Police said two of the accused have been identified as Tarun and Rajan while the identity of six accused is yet to be established. However, Lasudia police station in-charge Santosh Bhadauria claimed to have arrested five persons in the case.The police, however, suspect that the woman was allegedly involved in flesh trade. The cops claimed that as per the primary investigation, there was some monetary disagreement between the woman and the accused after which she falsely implicated them.3 held in Depalpura gang-rape case: Police have arrested all the three accused involved in Depalpura gang-rape case here on Saturday.SDOP Depalpur S R Sankhedia said the accused identified as Ashok Bairagi and Om Singh Gurjar were arrested from a Limbodabad in temple while Surendra Singh Gurjar was arrested from Depalpura busstand. The trio was trying to flee when the police caught them. The police have applied for a two-day remand of all the accused for interrogation.A 30-year-old deaf and dump woman was alleged raped thrice between February 8 and 18 in Limbodabad village by the trio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "release of braz menezes' book", "code": "12039928", "title": "Release of Braz Menezes' book", "text": "Release of Braz Menezes' book: Goa Chitra at Benaulim, on February 26 at 5pm, will host a release of the book 'Just Matata: Sins, Saints and Settlers', penned by Braz Menezes. The novel, which is set in Goa and Kenya, will be released by the consul general of Portugal in Goa, Antonio Sabido Costa. For details call on 2772910, 26570877 or 09850466165.Yolanda's exhibition of paintings: 'See It My Way', an exhibition of paintings by Yolanda Souza will be inaugurated on February 28, at 7pm, at Art Chamber, Calangute. For details call on 9822160073 or 9823217435.Bible classes at Carmelite seminary: The Carmelite seminary, Mapusa, will organize Bible classes as a part of its Lenten programme. The Bible classes will be held at the Carmelite seminary, Peddem-Mapusa, from March 4 to 7, from 6pm to 8pm. No fees will be charged. Bible scholar Rev Pius James D'Souza will be the resource person. D'Souza is a visiting lecturer in scripture in most of the seminaries in India.Course in naturopathy: Fr M Britto Joseph, a Jesuit priest, naturopath and Siddha Maruthuva Pandit, will be in Goa to conduct a basic course in naturopathy on March 4 at Fatima Convent, Margao, from 9.30am to 4.30pm. For more details and registration contact Elvis on 992622904.Half marathon: BITS Pilani, KK Birla, Goa campus, in association with EI Shaddai child rescue and habitat for humanity India, will oranganize the 'SPREE Goa Half Marathon 2012', on March 11. This sporting sports shall feature a 21km half marathon and 5km open and charity run. For details and registration call on 9923416996 or 9823189669.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038386", "title": "Mi-17 choppers to start ops from mid-March", "text": "RANCHI: Two Mi-17 helicopters of the Indian Air Force (IAF), which have been provided by the Centre to Jharkhand for anti-Naxalite operations, will finally become operational from mid-March.Police sources said despite approval from the Centre for use of the two Mi-17 choppers in the anti-Naxalite operation, the helicopters could not be used for almost three months because of non-clearance from the airport authority and air traffic controller. The Centre had approved the use in November.The state is not using helicopter in anti-Maoist operations after a chopper of the Border Security Force (BSF) crashed on the Ranchi-Khunti border of October 19. The Central Reserve Police Force, which was using Dhruv helicopters of the BSF in Jharkhand, Maharashtra and Chhattishgarh, had grounded all the choppers on the directive from Delhi on October 20. All the three crew members - pilot, co-pilot and the technician - were killed in the crash.\"The matter was resolved after a senior defence officer visited Jharkhand and sorted out the matter with airport officials and air traffic controller,\" said an official adding that once the choppers become operational, the security forces would be able to carry out operations in remote areas more effectively. The choppers will enable quick and safe movement of around 15-20 security personnel at once.Recently, Union home minister P Chidambram had asked the chief secretaries and the police chiefs of all Naxalite-hit states to launch aggressive operations by dividing the state into small pockets. He had also asked to increase intelligence network.Director general of police G S Rath, however, declined to share much details on the visit of the senior defence officer. \"I did not meet him. He was here to discuss the logistics of the use of choppers,\" said Rath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur/bhandara", "code": "12037588", "title": "FIR against Bhandara student for malpractice during board exam", "text": "NAGPUR/BHANDARA: A first information report (FIR) has been registered against a Std XII student in Bhandara district for using unfair means during the board exams. On February 21, within five minutes of start of the English paper, the accused student threw the question paper out of the window where his waiting friends picked it up. The incident was noticed by an official and the student was apprehended.On Thursday evening, the examination centre chief MG Shende finally registered the FIR with Karadi police under section seven of the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices Act. The incident occurred at the Zilla Parishad Higher Secondary and Junior College at Karadi, in a district which is notorious for malpractices.While this is the first FIR to be registered for the 2012 exam for Nagpur division, the trend is not new. Board officials confirmed that last year over 40 FIRs were registered in various parts of the state for copying.Deputy examination chief of the Karadi centre GM Kolhatkar banned the student from giving the English paper as per the rules, but so far the police have not even taken the student's statement.Since last year the board started a campaign called 'War against Malpractices' in which it took a strong posture against copying. The aggressive stance taken by the board resulted in many copycats being apprehended plus had an indirect effect on the results. The passing percentage in 2011 dropped (around 7% for both HSC and SSC) as copycats were caught and many others preferring to flunk rather than risk being caught.The lodging of FIR in the first paper of season itself sends a strong message to all students that malpractices will not be tolerated at any costs. TOI had reported earlier this month on how officials from Bhandara and Gondia were given special briefing at the Nagpur board office on ensuring a fair exam season. The board had warned action against invigilators as well if a copying pattern is detected from that particular centre.Copycats for SaturdayDistricts: Bhandara 5; Chandrapur 11; Gadchiroli 2; Nagpur 3; Gondia 21; Wardha 1Total 43Total till date 189", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "soondh (mewat)", "code": "12038478", "title": "Life a dribble for these ball-makers", "text": "SOONDH (MEWAT): A football in the market would cost anywhere between Rs 300 and Rs 500. But the workers who stitch the pieces together in a remote village of Mewat are paid just Rs 23 as labour. If that was not enough, the contractor deducts Rs 2.50 as the cost of raw material like thread and needle.-It takes three-four hours to make one football and the women's self-help-group (SHG) has been stitching footballs for over a decade now. \"After being trained for six months by the Mewat Development Authority (MDA), we got the first order to make 50 pieces back in 2000. At that time, the labour per piece was Rs 8,\" said Parvati, the SHG president in her mid-forties.\"After a couple of years, as the quality of our work improved, their labour fee was increased to Rs 10 and then Rs 15. But a hike in our wages happens only when we protest and go on a strike,\" she said.While placing an order, the contractor provides raw material like rexin octagons. After this, the members of the SHG find time in between their household duties like cleaning, cooking, feeding the cattle, etc to make these footballs. The women also meet after frequent intervals to discuss issues like finances etc.On an average, they make two footballs a day. This means on average daily wages of just Rs 41. \"When we badly need money, we stitch for the entire day... trying to deliver 3-4 footballs,\" said Santa, an SHG member.The SHG is a success as it has not just empowered the women socially, but also economically. \"We had initially taken a loan of Rs 30,000 from Gurgaon Gramin Bank (GGB) to buy some raw material and equipment. We have paid back every single penny. Since then, we have not looked back. The SHG has its own office built at a cost of Rs 1.5 lakh. The loan for this also has been paid back,\" said a proud Parvati.According to Gajraj Singh Yadav, branch manager, GGB, Mohammadpur, the womenfolk through this SHG not only repaid their outstanding debts but also encouraged all villagers to repay their pending loans. \"As on date, there are hardly any defaulters in this village and we are happy to assist them for all sorts of loans, be it for buying better seeds or for education of their children,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039513", "title": "Controversy over issuing new food coupon", "text": "Lack of clarity over state government's scheme of preparing 'new food coupon' (ration card) along with Unique Identification Card (UID Card) has created confusion among the residents of Barwani district. Raising doubt over the credentials of a Delhi-based private firm, which has been assigned the task of preparing the cards, people of the region have come out questioning the process of issuing the food coupon to the APL and BPL families.Taking cognizance of the issue, state food and civil supplies and consumer protection department has now sent a letter to all the SDMs, tehsildars, CEOs of Zila Panchayats, municipal councils and information bureau, informing the scheme and the name of the firm assigned to carry out the job.Delhi-based Vergo Softech Ltd has been handling the job of preparing the 'new food coupon' for the beneficiaries, which will be used for distribution of food by the food and civil supplies department. Director of food and civil supplies and consumer protection department Deepali Rastogi told TOI that the government was making the 'new food coupon' which would replace the ration cards and it was being done on the basis of the UID cards.For this, the department hired a private firm to carry out the job. Work for making this card has already been completed in six districts including Indore, Shajapur and Hoshangabad. Currently, the work is in progress in Barwani and Jhabua districts.The above poverty line (APL) people have to pay a processing fee of Rs 275.75 per family, while it is made free for the below poverty line (BPL) people. The amount collected from the APL families in the form of processing fee will go to the agency as their charge for the service.The 'new food coupon' would replace the ration cards and it was being done on the basis of the UID cards. A Delhi-based firm has been assigned the task of preparing the food coupon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037481", "title": "Learning to cope with empty nest syndrome", "text": "A month back, the news that some senior citizens in Nagpur had formed an organization called Jyeshtanche Live-In Relationship Mandal created a furore. In hindsight, it appears that such an organization is the need of the hour.Tier II or Tier III cities like Nagpur are witnessing what is known as the empty nest syndrome. Equipped with a good kitty to see them through their twilight years, parents, even those from traditional families, are now more amiable to children leaving home for other cities or even countries to pursue education or careers.Rita Roy, a 58-year-old homemaker, recently observed the third death anniversary of her husband Capt Ashish Roy. Her son, a pilot working in Australia, could not make it for the poignant occasion. \"I understand,\" she said. \"After my husband's death, I was staying at the home of my son and daughter who lives in Mumbai. But after some time, I got tired. I am financially independent and have a flat and relatives in the city, so I decided to continue living here. However welcome your kids make you feel, you do feel like a stranger when living away from your home,\" she explains.There are many parents who have prepared for this eventuality. Dr Sanjay Khot, whose elder son works in the US and the younger studies at Delhi, says, \"I am practical about my children leaving home for better prospects. Mere geographical distance cannot sever the bond of love.\" His wife Dr Rajashree adds, \"So long as we are physically fit, we don't have any problem. But if we fall ill and become dependent, they will have to take care of us like we cared for our parents.\"This is not the sentiment for many others. That nothing comes between a child's progress, not even the parents' health, is obvious when Prof VB Mathur, whose wife is a cancer survivor, says, \"Though my son is also our only child, we can't keep him here just to take care of us. He is an engineer and the best opportunities for him are in cities like Bangalore where he lives.\"Dr Shubhda Khirwadkar, a 50-year-old paediatrician and counsellor, feels that these sacrifices are essential. \"My elder son works in the US and has not been home for Diwali for the last five years. The younger one studies at Bhopal . I don't ever call my children during festivals as this would only underline the loneliness. We are well-networked and know that our friends will always be there if the need arises.\"Parents busy in their occupation cope better with the situation. But for those retired from jobs, it is a long and lonely life. Abha Shrivastav, whose two sons are in US and Pune, did contemplate living with the elder one at Pune after her husband retired. \"Frankly, it is difficult to adjust. For us, this is not the age to relocate. Children, too, have their personal and social life. We only intrude on it.\" Abha, who has been a homemaker so far, has recently taken up marketing of lifestyle and weight loss products. \"Though there are no returns, I am happy to meet new people. Truth is, I expect nothing from my sons or their wives.\"Rucha Ghate has an only child who studies in the US and has no plans of returning. She says, \"Technology helps bridge the distance. With Skype, it is possible to see and converse with my son every day. Health is, of course, a genuine issue. That's why we work outdoors and keep busy at professional and social level.\"The large number of elders enrolling at the city gyms stands testimony to this. Vinita Bhatia, branch head at one such gym, says, \"Early and late morning hours are crammed with elders, many of them couples. I have noticed a rise in their numbers over the past three years. This is their way to keep fit and develop fellowship with peers.\"Ravindra Gandhe, a 65-year-old civil engineer who created Maitraban, a residential township for senior citizens, feels that elders need to engage in gainful activities. \"Whatever they may say, they are adjusting rather badly to this new scenario. Most of them have only two topics for discussion: pension-related issues and how bored they are when they go to stay with their children. I have asked many to devote time at my centre but no one has taken up the offer.\"Blaming it all on upbringing, preventive geriatrician Dr Sanjay Bajaj says, \"I know of a 62-year-old women who needs to undergo a knee surgery. But she doesn't want to inform her son who lives in another city as she doesn't want to disturb him. Such attitude is making kids uncaring.\"Supporting the concept of a live-in relationship, Dr Bajaj adds, \"If the gap between the two is of more than 10 years, it is a good situation. But the best alternative is more centres where the elderly can pay and live together. It is time we did away with the stigma attached to old-age homes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037853", "title": "'Credit goes to entrepreneurs for tourism rise'", "text": "KOCHI: The credit for the success of tourism industry in Kerala goes to entrepreneurs who started out on a small scale and later matched them with global standards, said K V Thomas, Union minister of state for food, civil supplies and consumer affairs.He was inaugurating 'InspYiration Summit 2012' held by Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) and Young Indians at Kochi on Saturday.He also emphasized the rich and unique cultural traditions of Kerala for the success of the tourism enterprises. \"The dedicated efforts of the entrepreneurs coupled with cultural heritage have helped the hospitality industry to survive the negative aspects like strikes in the state,\" he said. \"The political leadership should make proactive measures to win the confidence of the people and sort out the differences over the infrastructure ventures,\" he said while highlighting the pathetic road conditions in the state.T Balakrishnan, managing director of Inkel, said that liberalisation in policy making is the need of the hour and that young entrepreneurs should make use of available opportunities in Kerala to usher in the next stage of growth. \"We need to deploy the right people in the right areas and work together to get a respectable place in the global arena,\" he said. Jose Dominic, chairman of CII's Kerala chapter also spoke at the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040131", "title": "DEd applications fell by 1.9 lakh in 2011", "text": "PUNE: The common entrance test conducted by the state government for recruitment of teachers in primary schools could be one reason for the fall in the number of applications for the diploma course this year. The other could be the delay in sale of application forms.The Maharashtra State Council of Educational Research and Training (MSCERT), which conducts admissions for the diploma in teacher's education (DEd) course for the academic year 2011-12 received 1.03 lakh applications for the 70,000 DEd seats across various government colleges in the state. About 2.93 lakh students had applied for the course in 2010.Officials said the common entrance test was a deterrent for many. Students blamed the delay in the sale of admission forms for the drop in applications. The sale usually takes place as soon as standard XII results are announced. This year, the forms were made available in August, two months later than the usual time.Renuka Vyavhare, an aspirant, said, \"I decided not to wait for the DEd forms as uncertainty was looming large and filled up the form for first year senior college.\"Pratibha Mhankale, principal of Ethel Gordon DEd College in Rasta Peth said, \"Students can't afford to wait for so long and hence, many chose other options. Naturally, there will be a drop in the number of applications.\"\"We were trying for online admissions this year, but it did not work out. We had to then print new brochures and new forms, which caused the delay,\" an MSERT official said.According to sources at the MSCERT, there are 89,525 DEd seats at various government-run institutions and colleges in the city. This includes 59,879 seats in the government quota while the rest are management quota seats.Of the government quota, 13,417 seats have remained vacant this year while from the management quota, 8,201 seats are vacant.A senior MSCERT official told TOI: \"In 2009, the state decided to conduct an entrance test for recruiting DEd students in government, Zilla Parishad, civic and cantonment board schools. Students have been opposing this entrance test as they felt that the diploma certificate was enough for recruitment. Since then, there has been a fall in the number of applications for the course and this year, the drop is exceptional with just over one lakh applications.\"Another reason cited by the official was the number of DEd colleges mushrooming in the state. \"There are 1,404 colleges in the state that conduct this course. The government employs 10,000 teachers each year in government, zilla parishad, civic and cantonment board schools. As against this, over 50,000 students pass out on an annual basis. A small percentage of this also gets recruited in private schools, but a majority of them remain unemployed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12042414", "title": "Shun IVF treatment, sex only way to conceive: Pope", "text": "LONDON: Shun \"arrogant\" artificial fertilisation treatment; sex is the \"only acceptable\" way to conceive -- that's Pope Benedict's message to infertile couples across the world.According to the Pontiff, artificial methods of getting pregnant, like the in-vitro fertilisation (IVF), were simply \"arrogance\" and matrimony was the \"only place worthy of the call to existence of a new human being\".Speaking at the end of a three-day Vatican conference on infertility in Rome yesterday, the Pope reiterated Vatican's stance against artificial procreation and urged infertile couples to refrain from trying to conceive through any method other than conjugal relations.\"The human and Christian dignity of procreation, in fact, doesn't consist in a 'product', but in its link to the conjugal act, an expression of the love of the spouses of their union, not only biological but also spiritual,\" the 'Daily Mail' quoted Pope Benedict XVI as saying.He also told the specialists in his audience to resist \"the fascination of the technology of artificial fertility', warning against \"easy income, or even worse, the arrogance of taking the place of the Creator\".He suggested that this was the attitude that underlies the field of artificial procreation. The emphasis on science and \"the logic of profit seem today to dominate the field of infertility and human procreation\", the Pope said.Sperm or egg donation and methods such as IVF are banned for members of the Catholic church. But the Pope added that the Church encourages medical research into infertility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12039969", "title": "SBI to relax loan rules for small businesses", "text": "TRICHY: State Bank of India chairman, Pratip Chaudhuri on Saturday said that rules for sanctioning loans up to an amount of Rs one crore for small businesses and services would be relaxed to facilitate business prospects in the central region of Trichy.Senior SBI officials, who were here to give freebies to deserving institutions as part of the bank's corporate social responsibility said that once the Small Industrial Development Bank of India (SIDBI) gave the nod for a well-deserved, growth-oriented business proposition, the loan amount up to Rs one crore would be dished out by the bank without any collateral. This, Chaudhuri said, was being done to promote a number of small businesses, and warned that the loan facility would not be available for trading.To a question on housing loans, which were being inordinately delayed despite the applicants submitting all the necessary documentation, Pratip said it could be due to the delay in the verification of documents. Pratip said that in the coming years, the bank would be concentrating on the textile industry as spinning and weaving produced a lot of job opportunities in addition to spurring growth rate. tnn The bank, which reserves 1% of its declared profit for the purpose of community service banking, presented an ambulance to the Hindu Mission Hospital and a Rs 2.5 lakh chapatti-making machine to Tiruchi Seva Sangam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039021", "title": "23-year-old ends life in Bhandup", "text": "MUMBAI: A final-year college student hanged herself from the ceiling of her house in a chawl at Kokan Nagar in Bhandup (W) on Friday. Pranita Bogale (23) ended her life reportedly due to problems over her marriage proposals, said the Bhandup police.The police found a suicide note that Bogale had left behind. \"The note said no one should be held responsible for her act. She also apologized to her parents for her decision to end her life,\" said Bhandup police senior inspector Shrirang Nadgauda.During the probe, investigators came to know that the deceased was the younger sister of externed criminal Amit Bogale (28), who used to aide the Kumar Pillai gang till four years ago. \"After learning about his sister's death, he has forwarded a written application to the zonal DCP to let him enter Mumbai for his sister's final rites,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037954", "title": "My slogan 'change is certain' swayed voters", "text": "What is an engineer who has collaborated with Nasa on the Mars Rover project, and done his MS in nanotechnology in the US, doing in dusty Buldhana's zilla parishad elections? Fighting for progress and to make a difference, says Balasaheb Darade , 28, as he speaks to Sunil Warrier and Ranjit Deshmukh after his recent win in the pollsThere's a buzz that you worked in Nasa on the Mars Rover project and, much like Shahrukh Khan in 'Swades', made a grand return to India?While in my first year engineering, I read on the Net about Nasa encountering problems. I offered my suggestions via email. They sent me a participation certificate and invited me to the US. I, in turn, invited them to India and a team from Harvard University and Nasa worked at the Lonar crater site. I got to visit Nasa in 2005 and would have had to become a US citizen to work there. But I was always keen on working in India and, hence, preferred to do my MS in nanotechnology and entrepreneurship from Cincinnati University .How did the final shift from US to Buldhana occur?Anna Hazare's crusade against corruption caught my interest in December 2010. In April 2011, when he sat on a hunger strike, I set up an India Against Corruption group in Cincinnati. I interacted with Arvind Kejriwal a few times and also had video conferencing with Annaji. Change was in the air and I finally returned to participate in the IAC agitation in August last year. My target was rural development and I had begun interacting with villagers during my visits earlier. A chat with Sri Sri Ravishankar also helped to finalise the decision.So you set up the Shankara Rural Project.Shankara means transformation. People in villages have huge problems and they know the best solution, too. But they lack leadership and direction. I have studied several model villages under Art of Living and visited a few under the European Union . Shankara is not an NGO; it's a project that NGOs can support. I would describe it in three steps: technical model with developmental parameters; creating leadership and giving direction; creating an open platform for government, NGOs and whoever is interested to collaborate.When did you decide to contest the zilla parishad elections, and why? Was there opposition in your family?It was January first or second week when the dates were announced. I had wanted to become an MLA or MP. The MLA's seat is a reserved one so that was out. Zilla parishad also gave me the opportunity to work on rural development -- it is not contested by educated people so I wanted to set an example. There was opposition borne out of love, and plenty of suggestions.Why do you think people voted for you?Anti-incumbency was one. Second, most of the other contestants were first-time candidates. It was evident people wanted change with ideology, not just new faces in the old party. I never prepared a speech, only held discussions with the people. I never made any promises. They also realized that had I not wanted to serve them I would have gone back to the US.The cup and saucer was your symbol. How did you inform them about your ideology?My father's clean image helped me. I was full of ideas and my body language was positive. My friends started supporting me and then the numbers just grew. Some family members of my rival, too, voted for me. Some of the key men are former Sena activists. My slogan 'Ata badal nischit' (Now change is certain) went down well. I was giving them a clean leader. I never asked for votes; I only asked them to vote for the right candidate who will ring in some changes. I didn't even criticize my opponents.Didn't people ask for money and liquor?A few did. But I would invite them for lunch or dinner. When agents came offering 300 votes, I would tell them to bring 200 people in front of me. I would tell people to ask for diamonds, education and employment opportunities and a future for the kids. People are trained to take liquor and money due to the inefficiencies of politicians in communicating their ideas. Seeing my approach, some of my rivals also didn't offer money and liquor (to voters). I think I have managed to set an example.Are you eyeing the Lok Sabha in 2014?The Buldhana Muslim Group was the first to moot the idea and now my voters, too, are talking about it. I don't want it (LS) to go into people's minds. My focus is on development and not Lok Sabha.Can you be termed a politician?If Lord Ram, Lord Krishna, Mahatma Gandhi , Shivaji Maharaj are politicians, I want to be known as one, too. I would like to be known as the one who wants to bring a smile on the faces of the poor and the rich.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12038858", "title": "Mediation effective in reducing cases' pendency: SC judges", "text": "LUCKNOW: The UP State Legal Services Authority organised the first regional conference on 'mediation' here on Saturday. Inaugurating the conference, governor B L Joshi said, \"Indian judiciary, right from subordinate courts up to the Supreme Court, has shown great diligence and activism in redressing the grievances of the masses by making every effort to impart timely justice.\"He, however, regretted that judiciary, despite all its efforts, has not been able to arrest the mounting pendency of cases. \"The malady has been that justice and the recipients of justice - both received a setback due to delay in disposal of pending cases,\" he said.He added, \"The constitutional vision of justice in our country can be realised only if the ever-increasing work load on regular courts is checked. This can happen only when other methods are explored to find out solutions to the disputes.\" Mediation and conciliation may be such other methods which may help resolve the problems faced by regular courts in dealing with a large number of pending cases, the governor said.\"Mediation and conciliation are two different terms and methods of seeking resolution to disputes. Mediation is a form of alternative dispute resolution and aims at assisting two or more rival parties in reaching an agreement. Mediation can be successful only when the mediators use appropriate techniques and skills to open and improve dialogue between the parties to help them reach an agreement,\" Joshi explained.\"Chances of a mediator succeeding to bring the parties to an agreement will be higher if he enjoys the confidence of rival parties. Therefore, impartiality and objectivity of a mediator are of paramount importance\", he said. Addressing the conference, Supreme Court judge Dalveer Bhandari said that alternate dispute resolution and mediation methods have been prevailing since ancient times.Pendency of cases is enormous and litigation continues generation after generation, hence mediation is helpful in pre-litigation matters, he added. \"Mediation needs awareness and its process is flexible and cost effective. It should not be confined to matrimonial matters only, but must be taken up in other matters as well,\" he said. Another Supreme Court judge Swatantra Kumar said that mediation is a way of accessing justice and can provide additional choice. Allahabad HC chief justice Rafat Alam said, \"Mediation is the need of the hour. It is a matter of concern that courts are overburdened.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038791", "title": "Campaign to inspire commuters to walk", "text": "GURGAON: In order to encourage commuters to walk to the nearest point to availthemselves of public transport, the Rapid MetroRail Gurgaon Ltd (RMGL) will conduct a campaign on Sunday named\"Rapid Walk\".The walk will be organized at the Leisure Valley in Sector 29.\"The walk will start at 8.30am and will last an hour in which a 5km will be covered. More than 1,500 people from the city will participate in the event.The first Asian woman champion, Sunita Godara, will be leading the marathon and will be joined by sportspersons, students, senior citizens, corporate employees, artists and bureaucrats,\" explained Survesh Tiwari, spokesperson, RMGL.The total length of the line is 1.2 km on double track and 3.7 km on single track.However, the six stations on the upcoming phase I of rapid metro line which will be connected and in sync with the Delhi Metro line will not have any provision for parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038219", "title": "Pak maestro casts a spell on music buffs", "text": "PATNA: City's music buffs on Saturday enjoyed an enchanting evening of soothing music by Ustad Tari Khan from Pakistan.Organized by Navras School of Performing Arts (NSPA) in association with Sham Chaurasi Music Circle, the evening of tabla and ghazals had the audience enthralled. It was held at the premises of Patna Golf Club, which was one of the organizers.It all started with Khan's mesmerizing tabla. He played 'teen taal' and ended with his famous 'keharwa'. What followed to the delight of audience were popular ghazals of Mehndi Hassan like 'Ranzish hi sahi dil hi dukhane ke liye aa', 'Jindagi me sabhi pyar kiya', 'Aaye kuch abar kuch sharab aaye' and 'Roshan jamale yaar se'.Accompanied by Dilshad Khan on sarangi, Athar Hussain Khan of Delhi on tabla, Imrat Khan on harmonium and Annuji from Patna on keyboard, Khan, who has been crowned with the title of 'Tabla Prince of India and Pakistan', had the listeners rising in appreciation.The evening witnessed a huge music loving crowd, which included eminent people of the city from various walks of life, including high court judges, doctors, politicians and senior bureaucrats.Dr Ajit Pradhan, secretary, NSPA, said last year NSPA had organized seven highly successful concerts, including concerts of Pt Rajan Sajan Mishra, Pt Channulal Mishra, Ronu Majumdar, and others. \"It is the second concert of 2012. A one-of-its kind concert is planned for end of April this year,\" Pradhan added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039428", "title": "Late musician Johnson's son dies in bike crash", "text": "CHENNAI: Renn Johnson, the 23-year-old son of famous Malayalam music composer Johnson who passed away last August, died in a bike accident on the IT Corridor on Saturday morning. Renn, who was passionate about bike racing, was on his new 250cc Honda when he banged into a pedestrian and crashed into a median, sustaining severe head injuries.The 30-year-old woman who was hit by Renn's bike is in a critical condition in the Government General Hospital. \"He hit the woman, lost balance and crashed. We are yet to identify the pedestrian,\" said a police officer. Renn was on his way to work on the IT Corridor when the accident happened. The software engineer, who posted 'street racing' as his favourite sport on his Facebook profile, was not wearing a helmet at the time. He was taken to the Government Royapettah Hospital, where he died at 12.30pm.For his mother Rani and sister Shaan , this is the second tragedy in six months. Johnson, who composed more than 300 songs through his 30-year career, died of a heart attack in Chennai. Renn, who recently completed his engineering graduation, was working with an IT firm near Perungudi. A family member said he was a little late to start from home Saturday morning. \"He must have been rushing to office. And he was not wearing a helmet,\" he said.A relative said the family was settling down after coming to terms with Johnson's death. \"It was a great relief for the family when Renn got his first job after completing his engineering degree. They needed him so badly,\" a relative said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040164", "title": "Union leaders discuss future strategy", "text": "PUNE: The strike called by the Rickhshaw Panchayat and a joint committee of the State Rickshaw Federation to oppose the state's decision to install electronic meters got a mixed response. The token strike was called between noon and 5 pm on Saturday.Less number of autorickshaws on roads in the afternoon caused inconvenience to many. The committee's general secretary, Nitin Pawar, said, \"The strike was also called to register protest against government's failure in implementing a pension scheme for workers from the unorganised sector and for autorickshaw drivers.\"A public meeting was organised by the committee in Market Yard on Saturday to discuss the future course of action. Workers from unorganized sectors and autorickshaw drivers from the city attended the function which was addressed by activists Aruna Roy, Baba Adhav and union leader Sharad Rao.The speakers expressed strong disappointment at the state government's directive to switch to electronic meters within such a short period. They said that such a decision cannot be imposed. It should be finalised by taking all the concerned parties into confidence.Disappointment was also expressed at the government's alleged lethargic approach in implementing a pension scheme for the unorganized sector. The workers plan to intensify their agitation and hold a protest in Delhi during the forthcoming Parliament session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "12037760", "title": "ACB winks at liquor syndicates in Nizamabad", "text": "NIZAMABAD: For liquor traders, Nizamabad has been a safe zone as they formed syndicates to run their businesses without any hassles. Interestingly, Nizamabad, from where the movement against the sale of Indian-made foreign liquor ( IMFL) at excess price had begun last year, did not figure in the Anti-Corruption Bureau's liquor syndicates list submitted to the state government recently.According to the excise department sources, ACB sleuths did not find any records when they conducted surprise raids in the syndicate offices in the district. One of the ACB officers allegedly leaked the information about the raids to a syndicate member who escaped with records and other key documents from Nizamabad and took shelter in a village in Navipet mandal.ACB cops returned with a computer hard disc which contained no incriminating material to nail neither the syndicates nor the officials who were in cahoots with them. Sources said that the syndicates continue to sell liquor over and above MRP thanks to the ruling party leaders' support.In fact, the issue of MRP was discussed several times in zilla parishad general body meeting but no action has been taken against the erring traders. Former zilla parishad chairman K Venkatramana Reddy himself was in the eye of a storm for allegedly demanding Rs 1 crore from the syndicates.Sources said the syndicates lobby, which reportedly paid huge sum as bribe to an MLA from Adilabad district, had not hesitated to close a wine shop in Nizamabad as the owner of the shop refused to join the syndicate, a senior excise official said. He told TOI that to increase sales, about 6,000 belt shops were being run by 142 licensed wine shops, which formed into 15 syndicates.\"The syndicates spend Rs 10 lakh every year to pay bribes to politicians, excise officials, journalists and others,\" a liquor shop owner said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12039820", "title": "Dhavalikar, Ritesh to fight it out for Marcaim", "text": "PONDA: Congress' Ritesh, the son of Ponda MLA and home minister Ravi Naik, who is debuting from the Marcaim assembly constituency, is identified so much with his father that it is as good as Ravi himself contesting from the constituency.Hence, Marcaim's election is as good as a fight between Sudin Dhavalikar and Ravi Naik. Even Ritesh's campaigners refer to development work done by Ravi Naik 20 years ago when he was Marcaim MLA.Ravi Naik was a MGP MLA from Marcaim for three terms and later became a chief minister in PDF government in 1991. Naik represented Marcaim until 1994. During his tenure as CM, he claims to have carried out several developmental works in the constituency.Marcaim was a stronghold of Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) since the first general elections. However, the BJP won the seat in 1994 when the MGP had a pre-poll alliance with the BJP. The BJP-MGP alliance candidate Shripad Naik defeated Congress' Ravi S Naik (as Ravi Naik had switched to Congress in 1991). BJP's Shripad Naik won the seat by 9775 (56.90%) votes while Ravi Naik of INC got 7,075 (41.18%) votes.Presently, Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar is representing the constituency. He had debuted with 38.94% votes in 1999 and in 2002 he polled 63.91% votes. In 2007, Dhavalikar won the seat by a thumping majority of 7,609 votes over his rival Congess' Govind Gaude. A total of 19,179 electors from 24,750 (ie 77.49%) had exercised their franchise and Dhavalikar had polled 12,141 (63.30%) votes against 4532 votes (23.63%) of Govind Gaude.Some supporters of Dhavalikar say that he will retain the seat with a margin greater then the one in 2007 polls. \"Dhavalikar has provided employment to several youths from the constituency and most of the youths from the constituency are with him. Dhavalikar works for the masses, irrespective of caste and religion,\" said some of his activists.However, some political experts from the constituency claim that Ramchandra Mule, a Congress rebel helped Dhavalikar to win the 2007 election indirectly by digging into the Congress vote bank. Victory in Marcaim is important for both the MGP and Ritesh. Sudin Dhavalikar is presently representing the constituency. The party has to win at least three seats or 90,000 votes to retain its Lion symbol. On the other hand, the win at the constituency is important for Ritesh Naik as it would strengthen the position of Ravi Naik in the assembly.Thus, the fight for Marcaim will witness a neck-and-neck fight between Dhavalikar and Ritesh Naik, suggest political experts.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038215", "title": "New super-hospital in April", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Super-specialty tertiary-care hospital Narayana Hrudayalaya is planning to begin operations in Ahmedabad from the first week of April. The hospital has applied for the necessary statutory licences - including the fire-safety licence - and is awaiting clearance. The hospital plans to begin its general out patient department (OPD) and has taken care of 80% of its staff requirement for the start up.Narayana Hrudayalaya's founder, Devi Shetty, has planned a 300-bed hospital in the initial phase and plans to subsequently scale the facility up to 1,000 and finally to 5,000 beds, according to company sources. The 'Health City' is coming up on a 37-acre campus just opposite the Rakhial police station. The building is planned as Asia's longest, running into half a kilometer.The hospital will be a 'one-point facility' for all healthcare needs. The super-specialty hospital will have, apart from cardiology, departments dedicated to pediatrics, neurology, gastroenterology, general surgery, dental, nephrology, urology, transplants, nuclear medicine, and medical imaging and radiology. It will also house a blood bank and laboratory.A source from the operations division of the hospital told TOI that there would be 64 slice CT scans in the hospital, a 1.5 tesla MRI division, and a full flat-panel digital cath-lab has already been planned. \"This is the first such hospital with such facilities to be built in eastern Ahmedabad,\" says a senior source from the hospital. \"The philosophy of the hospital is to make available to the poor the best that medical sciences offer.\"Some of the costliest medical treatments offered at the hospital will be 22% to 25% cheaper compared to other hospitals in the city. \"Our forte is the sheer number of patients that visit our hospital. The small fee we collect compensates the high costs that are involved in these treatments,\" adds the hospital source.The Narayan Hrudayalaya is one of the world's largest pediatric heart hospitals in Karnataka. It is also a renowned centre for telemedicine and offers this service free of cost. Despite helping so many poor patients, it is known for being so efficient that it has high profit margins.Telemedicine revolution in the offingAhmedabad: The Narayana Hrudayalaya 'Health city' will introduce Amdavadis to some hi-tech practices in the field of medicine. One of the forte's of the hospital is its telemedicine facility, which is likely to come to the city in the later phase of the hospital development here. An electronic database of each and every patient is maintained, including their photographs. The concept will be in useful for patients who come from far-flung corners of the state or the country.Under this concept, a detailed digital record of the line of treatment of the patient and even digital X-rays, and video footage are maintained. Doctors then use this data to prescribe treatment to the patient. Wherever there is a possibility of a high-speed broadband connection, live video conference between a specialist and a patient takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037875", "title": "Mollywood riding piggyback on NRIs", "text": "KOCHI: NRIs have been the backbone of Kerala's economy for quite some time. Now, they are turning saviours of the Malayalam film industry, which has been plunging deeper and deeper into crisis.With seasoned producers putting their projects on the back burner owing to diminishing returns, it is the NRIs who pump in money to keep the industry alive.\"Last year the industry which spent around Rs 1,000 crore for producing various Malayalam films managed to retrieve only 10% of the amount. It means a loss of more than Rs 800 crore,\" said B Sasikumar, president, Kerala Film Chamber of Commerce.According the Kerala Film Producers Association, NRIs produce half the number of films that come out every year.\"There are only seven or eight producers who produce two-three films a year. Around half of our producers are NRIs, whom we call visiting producers,\" said Milan Jaleel, president, Kerala Film Producers Association. \"It is their fascination for films that attract them to the industry. Most of them end the adventure with their first film bombing at the box office,\" he said.In 2011, Malayalam film industry released 88 films. Of this, only seven were hits, and an equal number broke even.The rest flopped, with producers losing more than 75% of their investment.Producers blame technicians and artistes for the cost of production going up.\"In Malayalam film industry, around 60% of the investment in a film goes as remuneration to artistes and technicians. All the other costs would only add up to 40%. But in other centres, it's the other way around,\" Sasikumar said.There are reports that a section of production executives in connivance with some technicians are involved in luring NRIs to don the roll of film producers.\"While seasoned producers bargain with artistes and technician over remunerations and cut down production costs, the 'visiting producers' don't give a damn about cost control measures. This being the scene, actors and technicians do not have to cut down their remunerations,\" Milan Jaleel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039614", "title": "Reject Cong, opposition: CPI", "text": "PANAJI: Stating that special status for Goa, scrapping of RP 2021, pro-people industrial policy, mandatory minimum wage of 10,000 per month for an unskilled worker, nationalisation of entire mining industry in Goa, pro-people industrial policy, constant supply of potable water for all households and reforms in judiciary and healthcare would be the priority of the party, the Communist party of India (CPI) released its manifesto for the coming assembly polls today.Addressing mediapersons, CPI general secretary Christopher Fonseca said \"the time has come to reject all those in power, both ruling and opposition.\"He said good governance was lacking in Goa for the past 50 years, and the CPI would ensure efficient accountable governance. Advocating nationalisation of the Goan mining industry, he said politicians had amassed crores of rupees through the industry and wondered why the wealth from natural resources should be concentrated in a few hands.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12037956", "title": "Red trouble brews for liquor traders", "text": "KORAPUT: Maoists on Friday night killed a man in the district apparently for being involved in illicit liquor trade. The deceased has been identified as 50-year-old Salu Prusta of Laxmipur.According to sources, Prusta, along with his wife, had gone to the nearby Perijhola forest, about three km from Laxmipur, around 8.30 pm on Friday, to brew liquor.\"A group of around 20 armed Maoists attacked the couple. While Prusta was killed there, his wife managed to escape from the spot,\" a source at Laxmipur said.\"The Maoists destroyed the material the couple left behind and left two handwritten letters at the spot,\" the source added. Police recovered the body and the letters on Saturday morning but failed to go through the letters as they were drenched.Sources said Prusta possibly paid the price of being engaged in liquor trade in the area. Earlier, the Maoist-backed Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh had warned liquor traders to stop their business in the area and had targeted people belonging to Sundi community who were engaged in liquor trade. A few months back, the Sangh activist had destroyed a distillery at Narayanpatna and a foreign liquor shop at Laxmipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038096", "title": "Two arrested for attempting to cheat gold finance company", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Chandkheda police has arrested two youths who were seeking a loan against gold ornaments from a gold finance company. The twist here is that the ornaments were gold platted silver ornaments.Chandkheda police said that Tejan Vitha, 21, and Irfan Ansari, 22, were arrested when they made an attempt to get a loan against silver ornaments by fraudulently passing them off as gold bangles. The duo approached a Muthoot Finance branch in Chandkheda and gave them four bangles which they claimed to be of gold.However, their plan was soon busted after the company's alert staff sent the bangles for a process to determine the quantity of gold. The bangles were found to be 26 grams of silver and just five grams of gold, which was used for platting.The staff, which was extra cautious because of similar incidents reported at the company's other branches, then caught the duo and informed the Chandkheda police. The duo was then arrested.According to the officials, the purity of the bangles would not have been easy to ascertain if a routine process of simply rubbing the bangles with a specific stone was followed.During interrogation, the two informed the police that they had taken loans earlier from Paldi, Satellite Nadiad and Anand branches of the same finance company. They also informed that they are part of a five-member gang.The police has not launched an operation to catch the other three absconding gang members. Cops said that there is possibility that more such incidents of cheating would surface once the three were arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "12039585", "title": "Iraq's basmati import torments US", "text": "HOUSTON: US Congress members from the largest ricegrowing states are on warpath , asking Iraq to resume buying US long-grain rice, instead of from India.\"We liberated their country for one thing,\" said Texas Congressman Ted Poe. \"We would think they would consider the US in trade since we spent billions of dollars not only to liberate their country, but to rebuild their infrastructure .\" Twelve Congressmen have fired off a letter to Iraq's trade minister Khair Alla Babaker earlier this week pressing him to get Iraqis back on the American long-grain variety.The letter said that there was a 77% drop in rice sales to Iraq between 2010 and 2011, even though \"not long ago, Iraq represented the largest market for US rice\" .The Iraqi Grain Board has said it decided to buy cheaper basmati rice from India. Baghdad hasn't bought US rice since late 2010.Iraq's trade ministry has said there is no law keeping the US out of Iraq's rice market , but American farmers simply aren't growing the right kind of rice for the Iraqi dinner plate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038454", "title": "Book on Kutch wins prestigious PATA Gold Award", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'The White Rann', a book published by the Tourism Corporation of Gujarat Limited (TCGL) and written by Hemang Desai has won the prestigious PATA Gold award for the year 2012. The judging panel awarded the book the Marketing - Secondary Government Destination (SG) category of the 2012 PATA Gold Awards. This year's awards attracted 180 entries from 79 countries worldwide.The Pacific Asia Travel Association Gold Awards recognizes exceptional achievement in a variety of endeavors, acknowledging and rewarding the very best that the Asia Pacific travel industry has to offer. The winning projects set industry standards for excellence and innovation, serving as examples for others to follow. PATA will present up to four Grand Awards for best of show entries in the following broad categories: Environment, Education and Training, Heritage and Culture, and Marketing Campaign. The award recipients will be honoured during a special luncheon at the PATA Annual Meeting in Putrajaya, Malaysia.'The White Rann' is a lyrical telescoping of the history of the vibrant and colourful land of Kutch, Gujarat. The limitless expanse of the white desert in Kutch as well as many of its monuments are described in this book. Also, cities and people of this unique region are given life in the book, which highlights its ecological and archeological aspects. The book will be a useful guide to tourists and serve as a starting point to researchers who want to explore the vastness of the Kutch region.Kutch is a gateway to the ancient Indus Valley civilization, with its important site Dholavira located in the region. Also, traces of the ancient maritime civilization of India can be found all over the long coastline of Kutch, which is dotted with many ports - both ancient and modern. The arts and crafts and the traditional architecture and textiles traditions of Kutch are celebrated in the book. But 'The White Rann' featuring some of the finest photographers of Gujarat, mainly focuses on the silence and serenity of the white desert that is also a call of spirituality. With 'The White Rann' bagging the award, Gujarat is now firmly placed on the global travel and tourism scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12039878", "title": "49 students get jobs", "text": "KANPUR: A campus placement drive was held at the Ambedkar Institute of Technology for Handicapped (AITH) recently.Training and placement officer Dwijendra Kumar Mishra said that officials of Essar Group and Wipro Infotech selected s t u -d e n t s f r o m both the degree a n d diploma sections. \"Both the companies have recruited physically challenged as well as normal students,\" said Mishra.The Essar Group recruited 21 students after several rounds of tests and interview at an annual salary package of Rs 3 lakh. The Wipro Infotech team recruited 28 students at an annual salary package of Rs 3.25 lakh. The director of institute said that more MNCs will be visiting the campus soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037529", "title": "Man strangles his 2 children to death", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a quarrel with his wife, a security guard allegedly killed his two children by strangling them with a wire in the wee hours of Saturday at his residence in SR Nagar.SR Nagar police said that P Teja, 12, and P Rechal, 11, were found lying on the floor when one of their uncles checked on them early in the morning. During investigation, police came to know that P Rubeen, father of the deceased, allegedly killed them using the wire of a mobile phone charger.\"The relationship between Rubeen and his wife Shoba got strained over the last several months. On Friday, Shoba left the residence to attend a function in Nakrikal. Rubeen used to suspect Shoba's character and thought that she was meeting someone else and had gone to Nakrikal on the pretext of attending a function,\" SR Nagar Inspector RM Ram Mohan Rao said. Around 3 am on Saturday, Rubeen allegedly strangled Teja who was fast asleep using the wire and later on proceeded to strangle his daughter.\"After that, Rubeen called up Shoba and informed her about the murder of their children. He also called his own brother Praveen Kumar, who resides in the vicinity. Shoba called up Praveen and asked him to visit her house, and he found Teja and Rechal dead,\" police said. The children were still clad in their school dress when they were murdered.Rubeen, who works as a security guard at a residential building, is in police custody. A case was registered against him under Section 302 (murder) of IPC.In another case the bodies of a mother and her two children were found floating in Kamuni cheruvu on Saturday. RGIA police said that Mallamma, 36, Lavanya, 2 and Sunil, 6, were drowned in the lake by their mother Mallamma before she jumped in herslef.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039324", "title": "Pak road named afer Indian", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's one first from across the border which has warmed hearts back home. Acknowledging the camaraderie Punjabis enjoyed before India's partition, a member of provincial assembly in Pakistani Punjab, Shazia Ashfaq, has named a road, 65 years since partition, after a Sikh landlord, Pritam Singh Bhinder.Former legislator from Gujranwala, Peer Ghulam Farid, father of Shazia, who has taken the step to mend bridges between the two countries, is working towards getting the Indian side of Punjab name a road from Hardothala village to Dasuya in Hoshiarpur district after a dargah located in the village. \"I am just waiting the next government to be formed in Punjab and I will meet the chief minister to take the proposal forward,\" said Farid, who is in the city as part of a Pakistani delegation of chamber of commerce.Walking down the memory lane, Farid remembered the days when Pritam Singh Bhinder was a prominent figure in Gujranwala, now in Pakistan. \"He was a friend of my father and a rich landlord, owning over 150 acres of land. There used to be lot of prosperity among his people and in Kotli Arbang village. But, after partition, the village road got damaged. When the Bhinder family came over and saw the condition of the road, they sought help from us,\" said Farid.Not only were repairs done but the matter was taken up by Shazia to rename the six-km 14-feet wide road to Gujranwala city from Aroop village, as Pritam Singh Bhinder Road. However, Pritam Singh himself did not live to see the honour bestowed on him as he died in 2007. The road was inaugurated on February 19 amid much fanfare.Speaking about people's reaction in Pakistan to the Sikh name, Farid said, \"Promoting peace between India and Pakistan is on Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) agenda and there has not been a single protest over naming the road after an Indian in Pakistan. People in Pakistan, especially in Lahore, are keen to shop in Amritsar, even as people in Amritsar would want to shop in Lahore. The two cities are barely 15 kms away and separated by an ocean of distrust.\"Said Reetinder Singh, son of Pritam Singh Bhinder, \"Our roots are in Pakistan and we cannot forget that. After partition, we settled in Karnal in Haryana but could not forget our village back in Pakistan and used to visit it quite often. We are thrilled that the road has been named after my father. We know from our experience that the common man on the street in Pakistan has only love for India.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037818", "title": "Traffic signals flicker as accidents rise", "text": "KOCHI: Though the number of road accidents and traffic blocks in Kochi has increased, authorities are yet to repair faulty traffic signals to ensure a proper traffic flow. In 2011, a total of 561 accidents were reported in the city and 110 happened at busy junctions.Though district administration had devised a Rs 3 crore project to upgrade the city's traffic systems in December, the project has not materialized. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said the administration had submitted this proposal to the road safety authority and they have not replied so far.\"Our plan is to implement the project in association with the motor vehicles department, traffic police, road safety authority and residents' associations. Once we get approval, traffic systems in the city will be revamped. We are planning to set up an automated traffic system,\" Pareeth said. We expect the project would be approved at the earliest, he added.Meanwhile, defunct traffic signals have contributed to traffic snarls in the city, especially during peak hours. Recently, the city had to face a major traffic block as signals at Kaloor and Palarivattom stopped functioning. \"Signals at major junctions like Madhava Pharmacy and High Court are not functioning properly. As a result, most of us get stuck in traffic jams and reach office late,\" said Anil Kumar , who commutes on this route everyday.A senior police official said traffic signals need to be shut for maintenances and traffic wardens will be on duty. \"It is obvious that there will be traffic chaos when wardens are controlling because the process is not synchronized at all junctions. The situation is worse when power cuts happen because we don't have any backup options,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12037992", "title": "Puri villagers fight pitched battle", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Two warring groups hurled crude bombs at each other and exchanged fire at Gambhari village under Brahmagiri police station of Puri district between Friday evening and Saturday afternoon, sources said.Unconfirmed reports said at least 20 persons were injured in the pitched battle between supporters of two political groups over political differences pertaining to the recently concluded panchayat polls. The village had witnessed violence on February 6 before the poll as well.Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo said there is heavy police deployment in the village in the wake of the incident. \"It was political violence. We have made adequate deployment of police and the situation is under control,\" the SP said, adding police will arrest the culprits soon. Sources said police personnel faced resistance from locals while trying to enter the area on Friday night. Locals chased away a police team when it tried to gain entry into the area at night. Police could reach the spot only in the afternoon, the sources said.In another violent incident in Puri town, a man open-fired in the house of a businessman, Gopal Mekal. No one was injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12039948", "title": "Trichy experiences vibrant musical fest", "text": "TRICHY: 'Svanubhava', a two-day cultural movement, inspired students in and around Trichy with a host of celebrated artists performing at the Shrimathi Indira Gandhi College on Friday and Saturday. The movement has also identified about 25 Indian performing arts to be given a vibrant boost.Though T M Krishna, the brain behind the concept, was looking at cities like Bangalore, Thiruvanathapuram, and Mumbai after conducting the event successfully in Chennai and New Delhi, the 2012 Svanubhava came to Trichy, much to the delight of local students.With the traditional blend of music, dance and theatre, the festival unfolded on the banks of the river Cauvery with a 'mangala isai' by students of the Tamil Nadu Government Music School, Trichy. If the idea was to inspire and share, then it was executed with finesse by Vishaka Hari through a 'Harikatha Kalakshepam'. What made the musical event unique was the fact that every event was followed by an interaction with the artist who graciously answered questions from the audience. Vishaka told students that one of the requisites to become a Harikatha exponent would be that the aspirant must master at least five different languages.On Friday, a traditional folk theatre performance (Theru Koothu) by Purisai Kannappa Tambiran Paramparai Therukoothu Manram was a huge hit with the students. Later, a carnatic flute concert by S Shashank, accompanied by Akkarai S Subhalakshmi on violin and Patri Satishkumar on mridangam won many laurels. After the hour-long performance, Shashank explained to students how the metallic western flute was much different from the carnatic. In the next Talavadyam concert, Vikku T H Vinayakaram and group created surreal magic playing different notes on four clay pots.Saturday began with a carnatic vocal concert by N Vijay Siva, R K Shriramkumar, Mannargudi A Easwaran and K V Gopalakirshnan, as well as a 'karagam' performance by students of the Shrimathi Indira Gandhi College. The Odhuvar Thevaram (Shaivite hymns) was performed by Kudandai Lakshmanan and Dharmapuram Nyanaprakasam, followed by a bharatanatyam performance by Priyadarshini Govind. Crazy Mohan and group brought up the rear in the order of performances.Ganapathy Subramaniam, the coordinator for the event said the college had a long term vision of creating hubs of students, proficient in various performing arts. District collector Jayashree Muralidharan told students that art must be imbibed at a young age and cultural movements like these should be conducted more often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "salua (west midnapore)", "code": "12037991", "title": "Clash between police units in Bengal injures 25", "text": "SALUA (West Midnapore): Two specialised security units engaged in anti-Maoist operations clashed with each other in the highly protected Salua headquarters of the Eastern Frontier Rifles (EFR) late Friday night, leaving 25 injured. Eighteen of them are jawans of the state government's Counter-Insurgency Force (CIF).The clash has come as another embarrassment for the state government after the rebellion by IRB jawans posted in Maoist affected areas in September last year. An IPS officer was also beaten up.Friday's fight was triggered by locals but it quickly turned into a pitched battle between EFR and CIF that lasted six hours, from 8.30pm till 2.30am. CIF jawans were allegedly seen with their service rifles during the clash but most of the injuries were from brickbatting and fists.Senior IPS officers rushed to Salua in the wee hours of Saturday to break up the fight. The camp is still tense.Salua houses the headquarters of all three battalions of EFR, which was raised in 1907. Hundreds of serving and retired personnel live here with their families, turning it into an EFR locality of sorts. Now, it houses 13 platoons of CIF, as well.Around 8pm on Friday, a scuffle broke out between a resident of the EFR campus, Suresh Giri, and four jawans of CIF at a mela that is organised every year by the EFR families. Giri says the problem was sorted out on spot by the other locals but after some time 20 more CIF jawans came looking for him and beat him up. Giri's friends and other locals rushed to intervene. \"When we reached the spot we saw another huge force of 100-120 CIF personnel, armed with service rifles, approaching the fair ground,\" said Roshan Ghishing, an organizer of the fair.Within minutes, the two groups clashed. CIF men allege that EFR jawans in plainclothes attacked them. CIF jawans allegedly ransacked two vehicles of EFR. Soon, the CIF team was outnumbered by locals and family members of EFR jawans, and retreated to their barracks.The locals, however, were not ready to give up. They stormed the CIF barracks after midnight, dragged out the jawans and beat them up with iron rods, sticks and khukris. Eighteen CIF personnel were seriously injured. Four of them are sub-inspectors. An IPS officer, CIF assistant commandant B Varun Chandra Sekhar, was also assaulted by the mob. \"We fled towards the nearest woods to hide, otherwise we would have been killed,\" said a CIF jawan.CIF SP Monoj Verma, West Midnapore SP Praveen Tripathy and DIG Midnapore range Vineet Goyal intervened to stop the clash.Senior officers are trying to portray it as a clash between locals and CIF, but CIF personnel are not ready to accept this. \"We live in a protected area where EFR personnel are in charge of sentry posts and security. Without their involvement. how could the mob enter the compound, and why didn't any of them help us,\" asked a CIF officer. CIF jawans staged a demonstration before senior officers on Saturday evening, leaving the top cops red-faced.When Verma was preparing to lodge a complaint on behalf of the injured CIF jawans, hundreds of women from the families of retired and serving EFR personnel submitted a memorandum to the West Midnapore SP demanding the arrest of CIF jawans who attacked seven locals.In the afternoon CIF IG Sidhhanath Gupta visited Salua to bring peace between the warring groups. \"We have started an enquiry,\" said Goyal. ADG armed police K L Tamta did not rule out the possibility of serving EFR jawans being involved in the clash. \"The IG armed police and IG CIF have been to the area. They will inquire the role of EFR jawans. If some of them are found involved, departmental action will be taken against them,\" said Tamta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039432", "title": "\u2018Women were seen as more chaste, less lustful than men\u2019", "text": "What has Faramerz Dabhoiwala written in his debut novel, 'The Origins of Sex', that has taken the western world by such storm? The British author of Indian origin, a senior fellow at Oxford, speaks to Archana Khare Ghose about the evolution of sexual freedomIt seems surprising that a topic with such universal appeal should get a book only now. When I started out, the history of sexuality was a new field. Quite by chance, I stumbled across a really huge subject. I noticed that until about 1700, everywhere in the West, sex outside marriage was a crime, and people were severely punished for it - sometimes with execution. Yet by 1800, there was a huge surge in sex before and outside marriage, and people started defending sexual freedom. The modern idea that sex is private, and that men and women should have the right to do what they like, was born in the 18th century. I wanted to figure out how that came about.What was the most important reason for the change in attitude towards sexual morality in England between 1600 and 1800? The two most basic causes were new ways of living and thinking. The English society was transformed from an essentially rural one to a predominantly urban society in the 18th century. By 1800, London was the biggest city in the world. That explosion created unprecedented kinds of social spaces, of interaction between the sexes, and of mass media. Intellectually, it was the period in which people moved from an essentially fundamentalist religious outlook to one that was more liberal and plural.How did you unearth such interesting anecdotes that the book is peppered with? And the roadblocks? Most of the materials - for which I travelled all around the British Isles and North America - had never been published before. Amongst the papers of the philosopher Jeremy Bentham, for example, who was probably the most influential English thinker of the 18th century, I discovered a treasure-trove of manuscripts on homosexual freedom. I'm equally proud of the stories I've rescued from the archives about ordinary people, unknown to history. Some of them were punished for illicit sex - like Susan Bounty who was probably the last person in England to be executed for adultery in 1654. Others argued eloquently for sexual freedom, like William Brown, who said when arrested for sex with another man in 1726: 'I think there is no crime in making what use I please of my own body'.Would a similar history of Europe take the same trajectory as England's? Is there a story on why Asian societies are not as open towards sex as the West? A major theme of the book (The Origins of Sex: A History of the First Sexual Revolution: OUP &amp; Penguin) is that the evolution of sexual freedom has been unequal: the effects have been different for men and women, for different classes and races, and at different times. A sexual history of other western societies would follow the same general outline as that of England, but it would also show smaller-scale variations. From a distance the West looks fairly homogenous but is not so if you get closer. An example is the variation between Catholic and Protestant norms: even today, abortion is illegal in Ireland though legal in the UK. The difference between western and Asian attitudes is a fascinating theme - a lot of historical work would need to be done on that. But an important social question would be on the extent to which those differences are eroding, and with what consequences.The first sexual revolution changed the attitude towards women. How different is the situation in the West today? One of the central themes of the book is the rise of women's voices, and its effects on sexual practices and attitudes. Prior to the revolution, women's involvement in public discourse was extremely limited as men monopolised all print and public discussion. But the 18th-century explosion of urban life revolutionised mass communications and women emerged as a permanent part of the world of letters. The impact of their views on love, courtship and lust changed the mainstream western view of these subjects forever. For instance, it established a powerful new presumption that women were less lustful than men, and victims of their sexual aggression; before that exactly the opposite had been believed. The assumption that women were more chaste than men, and hence morally superior, was one of the foundations of modern feminism. On the other hand, it also created the presumption that it was 'natural' for men to be promiscuous but 'unnatural' for women: that has been an enduring inequity of moder n sexual culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037659", "title": "Mamata summons forest minister", "text": "KOLKATA: Forest minister Hiten Burman was summoned on Saturday by chief minister Mamata Banerjee to explain a recent row between him and principal chief conservator of forest (PCCF) M A Sultan over the illegal saw mills.The forest minister, who was in Jalpaiguri, had scheduled his return to Kolkata on Monday, but hurriedly headed back on Saturday to meet as the chief minister asked for him urgently. The CM reportedly asked him to explain his tiff with Sultan, who was stopped from taking steps to close illegal saw mills, which are a major cause of deforestation, by none other than the forest minister himself.At the end of the half-an-hour meeting with the chief minister, Burman told reporters, \"The decision on closure of saw mills has been put on hold. I told the chief minister that the PCCF was violating government service rules by giving television interviews and text-messaging to various media persons.\" He refused to reveal what stand Mamata had taken over the row between him and the head of the forest force and would only say, \"The chief secretary (Samar Ghosh) and the forest secretary (Subesh Das) are dealing with the issue. There is a court order over saw mills.\"When told that Sultan's order only reiterated another one passed by the former PCCF A K Raha against illegal saw mills, the minister said, \"This was a routine order. Like the ones passed against hawker eviction. Does that mean hawkers can be really evicted?\"The row began on February 14, when the newly appointed PCCF - who had taken charge on the basis of an apex court order against the former PCCF A K Raha - issued an order. The notification (9878/PGLI/7R-2(47)/2011) asked his officers for immediate legal action against saw mills running without valid licence in terms of the West Bengal (Establishment &amp; Regulation of Saw Mills and other Wood based industries) Rules, 1982.The letter also directed officers to take preventive steps against new mills that come up without take preventive steps so that no new mills are set up without acquiring licences from authorized officers. In the letter, Sultan clearly stated aid that he would not allow the existence of any illegal operation of saw mills and ancillary units, failing which a showcause notice would be issued. and departmental action would be issued.Sultan's order was backed by a Supreme Court directive on 29 February 2002 asking for immediate closure of unlicensed plywood, veneer industries and saw mills in the country. The bench comprising Chief Justice Y K Sabharwal, and Justice Arijit Pasayat directed that new licenses are to be issued only after obtaining concurrence of the court.However, the forest minister reportedly went against the order. He told Sultan that the order should not have been issued without his consent.After meeting the CM, he told the media, \"It's not easy implementing such an order. There are 1800 primary saw mills and only 650 of them are licensed. More than 500 labourers are involved in the dealings. We must think of every one.\"When contacted, Sultan said he had not violated service rules. \"The forest minister must be unaware of the service rules since he hasn't specified which part of it has been violated by me.\" \"I appreciate the concern of the chief minister who sincerely wants expansion of the state's green cover. We have to stop illegal felling of trees and illegal operation of saw mills. Otherwise we cannot save the forests,\" added the PCCF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12043130", "title": "A P J Abdul Kalam interacts with children in Jaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Former President A P J Abdul Kalam today interacted with students afflicted with dyslexia- a learning disability- and answered their queries.Children got excited as soon Kalam arrived at Bhawani Child Development center on Sirsi road near here and gave their introduction to him before the session.Responding to queries by students, Kalam said his dream was to see smiles on the faces of people.Well known as Missile Man, Kalam, who told the kids that he liked poetry and the profession of a teacher, also administered oath to the students for dreaming high.A class 12th student Kshitiz performed Yoga whereas some students performed a group dance on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039678", "title": "Couple adopts sloth bear on wedding anniversary", "text": "BHOPAL: A city couple, Pushpendra Jain and Sandhya Jain, who celebrates their wedding anniversary, which falls on February 24, adopted a sloth bear from Van Vihar on Saturday.Van Vihar director AK Khare confirmed it and said, \"The couple Pushpendra Singh and Sandhya Jain has been adopting animals from Van Vihar for the past four years. They adopted a sloth bear 'Pluto' today as Van Vihar was closed on Friday.\"He added, \"The sloth bear has been adopted by the couple for a month for a sum of Rs 9, 000. It means, they will spend the amount for the upkeep of the animal.\"This is not for the first time the Jains couple go for animal adoption. They had adopted a ratel in 2009, panther in 2010 and a python in 2011. While the ratel and panther were adopted for a month's time, the python was adopted for the period of one year, said the Van Vihar official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039002", "title": "Single visit to new passport centre will get the job done", "text": "MUMBAI: In a fortnight from now, obtaining a passport is all set to get a tad easier. A single visit to a Passport Seva Kendra will be enough for applicants to know whether they are eligible for a passport or not. As there would be no follow-up visits required, an agent may be required to only file applications online.Citizens will no longer be required to carry passport-size photographs and photocopies of documents.The external affairs ministry will open Passport Seva Kendras at Andheri (E) and Malad (E) in the first week of March. A month later another such Kendra will be opened at Lower Parel.\"The entire front-end work has been outsourced to Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). People will not have to visit the Worli office anymore unless it is a complicated case,\" said Vinoy Kumar Choubey, chief passport officer, in-charge of the Mumbai office. Around Rs 200 will be paid to TCS for every passport issued.At present, citizens have to register online for a passport and then an appointment is granted. The applicant then has to go to different passport offices in the city with the original documents to submit the online form along with photocopies of the documents and passport-size photographs. An agent is often required to follow-up with the passport office for speedy approvals. The passport is received anywhere between 30 and 60 days.Instead, said Choubey, now on, once a person registers online, she/he will get a receipt and an appointment. The applicant then has to carry only the original documents to one of these Passport Seva Kendras. At the Kendra, an executive will scrutinize the documents, scan and upload them, take a picture of the applicant and conduct a biometric scan of the applicant's fingers. The applicant can make changes if required in the documents.A passport officer at the Kendra will then verify the documents and if all criteria are met, the applicant will be asked to see the granting officer. This officer will verify the papers and issue an exit receipt. The receipt indicates that the applicant will get the passport subject to police verification. The passport will be sent in a tamper-evident envelope within 30 days.The Mumbai passport office gets over 1,500 applications everyday. However, due to lack of manpower and space, quick and efficient service cannot be provided. \"The Kendras are spacious with many counters, which will reduce the waiting time. Applicants will not have to make several visits to the office ,\" said Choubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039801", "title": "Row over issuing new food coupon", "text": "INDORE: Lack of clarity over state government's scheme of preparing 'new food coupon' (ration card) along with Unique Identification Card (UID Card) has created confusion among the residents of Barwani district. Raising doubt over the credentials of a Delhi-based private firm, which has been assigned the task of preparing the cards, people of the region have come out questioning the process of issuing the food coupon to the APL and BPL families.Taking cognizance of the issue, state food and civil supplies and consumer protection department has now sent a letter to all the SDMs, tehsildars, CEOs of Zila Panchayats, municipal councils and information bureau, informing the scheme and the name of the firm assigned to carry out the job.Delhi-based Vergo Softech Ltd has been handling the job of preparing the 'new food coupon' for the beneficiaries, which will be used for distribution of food by the food and civil supplies department. Director of food and civil supplies and consumer protection department Deepali Rastogi told TOI that the government was making the 'new food coupon' which would replace the ration cards and it was being done on the basis of the UID cards.For this, the department hired a private firm to carry out the job. Work for making this card has already been completed in six districts including Indore, Shajapur and Hoshangabad. Currently, the work is in progress in Barwani and Jhabua districts.The above poverty line (APL) people have to pay a processing fee of Rs 275.75 per family, while it is made free for the below poverty line (BPL) people. The amount collected from the APL families in the form of processing fee will go to the agency as their charge for the service.Area manager of Vergo Softech Ltd, Chinmay Shahu, who is currently looking after the work in Barwani, said the company received the contract for making the cards from state government and they would carry out the work across the state on the behalf of state government.\"We are expecting to make around 50,000 cards in Barwani alone,\" he said.District food officer of Barwani, Bhim Singh Chouhan said, \"The work will be carried out in two phases -February 17 to March 9 and February 27 to March 9.\"Right now work is in progress at Barwani, Pathi, Tekri and Rajpur blocks. In next phase Sendhwa, Nivali and Panchmal blocks will be covered. The agency has opened 216 centres in the area and 650 people are involved in the process.Director of food and civil supplies and consumer protection department said that the government was making the 'new food coupon' which would replace the ration cards and it was being done on the basis of the UID cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12040175", "title": "After long wait, church to get heritage status", "text": "KOCHI: In a land dotted with churches, St Raphael's Church at Ezhupunna, near Cherthala, still stands out. Built in 1859, the medium-sized church, with its wide porticos, gabled roofs and latticed balconies, is an effortless amalgam of Portuguese, Dutch and traditional Kerala-temple architectural styles. Since 1995, the parishioners have been petitioning the state government to get the church notified as an ancient monument.With the government dithering on the issue over the years, the High Court on Friday ordered it to have the church declared a heritage site. The parishioners had approached the HC under the banner of St Raphael's Church Laymen's Association.In 2004, the parishioners even got the archaeological department to examine its claims and in May last year the department's experts recommended heritage status to the church. \"We've been fighting since 2004 and it took eight years and the HC's intervention to get the status,\" says Michael Tharakan, a resident of Ezhupunna. It was his forefather, Parayil Tharakan, who took the initiative to build the church.The Laymen's Association used the RTI Act to obtain a copy of the archaeological department's order and moved the court through advocate Babu Paul. When the petition came up for consideration before Justice S Siri Jagan on Friday, the court directed the cultural affairs department to notify the church as an ancient monument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12039994", "title": "Code-hit road repair work to start next month", "text": "VARANASI: Get ready to face clouds of dust along with colour in the upcoming Holi festivity, courtesy the model code of conduct (MCC) that has halted the construction and repair of dug up roads across the city.Interestingly, while the work is set to start after the declaration of results on March 6 this year, the delay has already pushed the completion of the task at least three months ahead, which promises to give no respite to commuters in the scorching heat this season.Even as mere look at condition of some of the prominent roads including Ravindrapuri-Asi road, Sunderpur-DLW road and others were enough to indicate the gravity of the situation, if the reports of Varanasi Nagar Nigam is to be believed, the implemention of model code has halted nearly 40% of repair and construction work that was being done under the natural calamity fund, after heavy incessant rainfall that damaged a number of roads in September last year. Similarly, the MCC has hit the construction and repair of roads that have been dug for laying water supply, sewer and drainage pipeline.To make matter worse, the deadline of completion of the digging work has been extended for the next three months, suggesting little respite to denizens in the upcoming summer season. As many as 22 roads in different parts of the city were witnessing repair after incessant rainfall had left them damaged last year. We have completed nearly 60% of the work with Rs 4.39 crores that were sanctioned under natural calamity fund.However, the implementation of MCC has halted the release of additional funds and the remaining work of construction and repair especially of the drains along the sides of roads would be completed after declaration of results, said UN Tripathi, chief engineer, VNN. The promulgation of MCC came into force with notification of UP assembly elections on December 24 last year.Any new constructions or repair work is deemed to be violation of MCC provisions, which is lifted only after declaration of election results. As per Ramesh Singh, general manager, Ganga Pollution Control Unit (GPCU), which is looking after construction and repair of roads that witnessed digging work for laying water supply, sewer pipeline in cis- and trans-Varuna areas, no new bonds are being signed to expedite the work and it could be only initiated after declaration of election results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038822", "title": "'Road repair work only for competent contractors'", "text": "GURGAON: To discipline the contractors, the HUDA administrator has decided to change the basic eligibility criteria for hiring them. From now onwards, only those contractors who have a minimum turnover of Rs 50 crore will be eligible for contracts pertaining to annual road repair and maintenance projects.The administrator, Praveen Kumar , has written to the Chief HUDA administrator, DPS Nagal about changing the eligibility criteria for the contactors. Asked about the reason for changing the rule, Kumar said: \"This will weed out small players who are not competent enough to execute high quality work consistently. The city roads require top-class maintenance and repair work and for this, HUDA needs contractors with adequate technical expertise and manpower backup.\"For the civic agency, annual road maintenance is a big task because all major roads in different sectors is in a shambles. The city has over 550km of road length covering all the sectors falling under the HUDA estate. The annual budget of repair work and maintenance exceeds Rs 200 crore. HUDA depends on local contractors for all the work throughout the year. At present, the contract is awarded to the contractors quoting the lowest price and this results in shoddy work, delay in projects and poor quality of road maintenance.\"All this needs to change urgently and for this, I have proposed that the eligibility criteria be altered. In addition to this, I am looking at the pricing and cost aspect of the work based on certain specifications of the roads in the sectors,\" said Kumar.The price slab for road maintenance is being worked out and the contractors have to work at the decided price with no scope of negotiation. Under the present system, the bidder quotes unviable prices for the work in tenders only to secure the contract. \"This also results in delay in completion of the project and the quality of the work carried out is also poor,\" said Kumar.But HUDA's move hasn't gone down well with local contractors in the city who are upset about the changes in the eligibility clause. \"This decision will benefit the rich contractors who anyway outsource the work to smaller contractors after taking big contracts, ,\" said a city based contractor, on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12041667", "title": "IAF officer faces court martial for demanding bribe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Air Force has begun court martial proceedings against a Wing Commander who was allegedly caught demanding a bribe from officials of French defence firm at the Aero India show in Bangalore last year.The Court of Inquiry (CoI) into the incident had recommended Wing Commander A K Thakur to face a court martial and the proceedings started against him in Bangalore recently, sources said.They said the CoI had found Thakur prima facie involved in demanding bribe from French company Dassault Aviation for allotting a 'more advantageous position' for its Rafale aircraft in the 'static' aircraft display section at the biennial airshow.One of the officials of Dassault Aviation, who had filed the complaint against the officer, is also there to appear as a witness in the General Court Martial (GCM) headed by a Group Captain-rank officer, the sources said.Court martial is the actual trial to prove if a person is guilty or not of the charges levelled against him in the CoI. However, verdict of the court martial is also not final, as it is subject to approval from higher authorities.Dassault Aviation's Rafale, which has now won the race for IAF's multi-billion dollar combat aircraft deal, was one of the six contenders in the hotly-contested tender when the alleged incident happened in February 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037616", "title": "Woman killed in accident", "text": "A 37-year-old woman was killed and three were critically injured after an auto in which they were travelling collided head-on with a matador van on Taki Road at Palpara near Basirhat in North 24-Parganas on Saturday afternoon. Around 3.30pm, the auto was headed to Basirhat when a speeding matador rammed into Tata 407 lost its control and collided with the auto, police said. The driver fled the spot.All the injured were taken to Basirhat subdivisional hospital where Sheli Mondal, a resident of Berachapa was declared dead on arrival and three others including the auto driver were admitted in a critical condition. The driver of the matador van however managed to flee away from the spot with the killer vehicle.Doc harassed by politician: Vijay Kejriwal, a physician and director of a diagnostic centre on Elgin Road, lodged a complaint against a Kidderpore-based Congress leader. Kejriwal alleged that the politician was threatening him for the past few days and also harassing him. Probe revealed that Kejriwal borrowed some money from a person who in turn engaged the politician to get back the money. The politician allegedly threatened the doctor over phone and even called Kejriwal to his office and harassed him. Kejriwal lodged an FIR with Bhawanipore police station.Sumantra Dey, a 57-year-old man was found hanging in his Syampukur Street residence late on Friday. Probe revealed that he was depressed over some family trouble.Cash and ornaments looted: Burglars broke into a house at Nizam Ostagarh Lane of Karaya in south-east Kolkata on Friday night and made off with cash and jewellery worth Rs 6lakh. Aftar Ali, the owner of the house, had gone to visit a relative along with his family on Friday evening. On returning late at night, when they found the door broken and the almirah was ransacked. The miscreants emptied jewelery of Rs 1.75 lakh and cash Rs 4.25 lakh.Tourists from city go missing in J&amp; K: Sixteen tourists have reportedly gone missing in Jammu and Kashmir since February 19. Relatives of Swapan Pal and Sushanta Chanda lodged a missing complaint with Burtolla police. A total of 16 persons left for Kashmir by Amritsar Mail on February 15. Till February 18, relatives were in touch with the tourists, but after that no contact could be made. Police have informed their counter part in J&amp; K.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039228", "title": "Depute doctors in Jails within six weeks: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking serious note of non-availability of doctors in jails across Haryana, the Punjab and Haryana high court has directed the state government that the vacancies of medical officers and other para-medical staff in various jails of Haryana should be filled within a period of six weeks. HC has directed the state to fill up these vacancies keeping in mind the number of inmates housed in such jails.A division bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi observed, \"It is made clear that if any grievance is highlighted regarding the availability of medical officers in other jails, the same will be viewed seriously by the court and may be construed to be in violation of the present directions\". HC also directed that the services of part-time doctors in observation homes should be available at least for half a day, instead of two-three hours.The matter had reached the HC after registering a suo motu writ while considering the report of the district and sessions judge, Ambala, pertaining to availability of medical facilities, particularly medical officers in Central Jail and observation home at Ambala.In his report, the district and sessions judge had informed that four posts of medical officers had been sanctioned in respect of the Central Jail, Ambala, and there were three vacancies existing at relevant points of time. The number of inmates in the jail, according to the district and sessions judge, was more than 1,100 and the posts of medical officers have been lying vacant for more than two years, causing serious impediment in providing an efficient health care system to the inmates of the jail. The sessions judge had also informed that there were 57 juveniles lodged in the observation home at Ambala and no regular medical officer had been posted to look after inmates of the observation home.Haryana government submitted that the posts of medical officers in the jails was not a part of the cadre under the Haryana medical service and the posts constitute a separate cadre under the jail department. The state also admitted that the service conditions of the employees of jails in Haryana were not governed by any rules framed under Article 309 of the Constitution.However, HC preferred not to persist with the issue with regard to the existence of a separate cadre for jail doctors in Haryana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12037979", "title": "BJD men quarrel over prized posts", "text": "KEONJHAR: Post poll sweep by the ruling party, intra-party rivalry has surfaced to grab the top district posts. BJD block president Bamadeba Rout, along with one Rabi Sahu of Telkoi block, was arrested and forwarded to court on Friday evening for allegedly forcing their way into the house of Telkoi MLA Premananda Naik on Wednesday and misbehaving with and beating up ex BJD chairman Kedar Pradhan and others at a meeting on block chairmanship. Over two dozen people are absconding, who were allegedly involved in the incident.Police arrested them after receiving a complaint from Pradhan. Telkoi police station OIC S Jena said, \"The accused were arrested and forwarded to court after receiving a written complaint from the victim. Others involved in the incident will be arrested soon. We are investigating the incident.\"BJD bagged the support of 20 Telkoi panchayat samiti members out of 22 seats, putting the chairman's post well within the party's grasp, over which party men are fighting.Conflict in BJD for the selection of ZP president and chairman of various blocks is on the rise. The president's post for Keonjhar ZP for example is reserved for women, one of the aspirants being Prativa Manjari Naik, wife of Sadar MLA Subarna Naik. She won from Jhumpura zone 16 in ZP election and is a chairman of Jhumpura block. Her candidature is being supported by many senior leaders, workers and political analysts, but a particular group in the party is protesting her candidature because of political rivalry.\"She has enough political experience to become president of ZP. Her candidature should not be opposed for petty personal reasons. She was successfully holding the post of chairman of Jhumpura block since the past five years. Being an educated tribal woman, she is the best choice to become ZP president,\" said a senior BJD leader.Similarly in 13 blocks of the district, the BJD is trying to settle disputes among themselves to grab the block chairman seat. \"Seats are outnumbered by aspirants. Hence the aspirants are calculating the numbers and trying to seek the support of members in their favour in different ways. Huge amount of money is allegedly being spent by aspiring candidates to grab the chairman seats. According to them, it is an 'investment not expenditure',\" said a member of the ruling party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12039682", "title": "Two detained with 35 dummy EVMs", "text": "MAPUSA: Pernem police have detained two persons and seized 35 dummy voting machines from a car brought into the state from Maharashtra at the Patradevi check post on Saturday.Police intercepted the Maruti Suzuki SX4 white colour car (MH14 CS 3924) at the Patradevi check post and found the duplicate voting units-replicas of EVMs - in the dickey of the car. Police also found cash amounting to 70,000 in the car.Police detained car driver Satish Jadhav from Poona and another occupant Sanjay Jadhav from Satara and brought the car to the Pernem police station. Expenditure observer R K Singh and the Pernem mamlatdar Satish Dessai also arrived at the police station.Police informed that the duo had sold some of them during the recent municipal elections in Maharashtra and the remaining were brought to Goa. These machines are sold to candidates who can use them to demonstrate to their voters to vote in favour of them. The detainees were later released along with the car and cash.Mamlatdar Dessai informed that the machines were made of thermacol and had a electronic chip which gave a beep sound and a red light after a button corresponding to a symbol was pressed. \"It's like a toy. It is just like a dummy EVM made up of thermacol, there is no memory storage in it,\" Satish Dessai said.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040154", "title": "More tests on bio-CNG from sugarcane waste on cards", "text": "PUNE: The Union ministry for road transport and highways is considering a proposal seeking permission to conduct tests on commercial vehicles running on bio-compressed natural gas (CNG) obtained from sugarcane press-mud, the residue of the filtration of sugarcane juice.A plant at Warnnagar, near the Warna cooperative sugar factory in Kolhapur, has produced bio-CNG from press-mud, which has a chemical composition equivalent to CNG produced from Bombay High or river basins and has similar efficiency.The Union ministry for new and renewable energy (MNRE) has asked Hyderabad-based Spectrum Renewable Energy Private Ltd to conduct more tests of bio-CNG on trucks. So far, bio-CNG is not recognized as a fuel by road transport and highways ministry. The Spectrum Renewable and the Warna Group have sent the proposal to the ministry seeking permission to conduct tests of bio-CNG on commercial vehicles at large scale.Speaking to TOI, after a lecture series at Agharkar Research Institute, A Anil Dhussa, director of MNRE, said, \"The ARI has helped the ministry in extracting methane from biogas and further converting biogas into CNG, which is used as fuel in New Delhi, Mumbai and Pune. The ministry has asked Warna Group and Spectrum to get proper permissions and launch the project. The ministry has asked to conduct necessary tests to find out production and conversion cost, fuel efficiency and money saved if vehicles run on bio-CNG than conventional fuel like petrol and diesel. The primary report is positive and the project would be ready for bulk production by April this year.\"The Union government will fund and promote such projects if they are economically viable, Dhussa said.Dilip Ranade, director of Agharkar Research Institute, said, \"Compared to CNG, methane content in biogas is around 54 to 60% while remaining gases are carbon dioxide and hydrogen disulphide. Once these two gases are reduced, the methane content goes up and we get CNG, where methane share is 93 to 95%. The source of methane is different; hence it is called bio-CNG.\"In a telephonic interview, Mohan Rao, chairman and chief executive officer of Spectrum Renewable told TOI, \"The total investment in the project is Rs 30 crore, of which 30% is the cost of German technology and machinery which was imported. The company had to make it suitable for India as Germany does not have sugar mills to produce biogas. Press-mud from Warna group will be processed and bio-CNG would be produced. It will be used by Warna group only for running vehicles.\"As per the current production figures, 9,200 kg of bio-CNG can be recovered from 12,000 cubic meter of biogas. Once, we get a nod from the Union ministry, production will be ramped up, he added.The Warna Group of Kolhapur has a sugar factory besides milk and milk product-based business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039884", "title": "Power holiday with cuts does not make sense: Industry", "text": "COIMBATORE: Industry and trade captains in western Tamil Nadu have responded cautiously to the move by the state government to impose power holidays on industrial units. The decision to continue with load shedding on other days and give preference to Chennai and multi-national companies (MNCs) has dampened their spirit.Coimbatore District Small Industries Association president M Kandhaswami welcomed the decision but with the caveat that the industry would wait and see how the government is going to implement it. \"Power holidays must benefit the industry. It didn't work last time due to the lack of support from the southern region. It should be implemented properly and on an equitable basis till June after which wind mills would add to the supply,\" he said. He was critical of the government's decision to be partial to Chennai's concerns. Power cut will be restricted to two hours in the state capital while it would be four hours across rest of the state. \"The mismatch is unwarranted,'' he said.Tamil Nadu Electricity Consumer Association president Mahendra Ramdoss said he was disappointed with the government announcement. \"It would have been much better if the government ensured dedicated power supply for six days and declared a power holiday on the seventh day. Now it is not very clear how the power holidays would be implemented,'' he said. \"The work force would be unhappy as the power holiday would force them to work on Sundays,'' he said. Ramdoss demanded that Kudankulam project be immediately commissioned.R Kalyanasundaram of Tamil Nadu Pumps and Spares Manufacturers Association also expressed a similar view. \"The move would be effective only if the authorities reduce power outages on other days,'' he said. \"The government has just added to the problem by declaring power holidays without addressing the issue of declared and undeclared power outages. Chennai is getting a greater share of energy while the rest of the state is in darkness. This is not justified,'' he said. \"If the government show imposes cuts on MNCs and some top cement companies, which now enjoy uninterrupted supply, the problem of four-hour cuts could be resolved,\" he added.J James, president of Tamil Nadu Association of Cottage and Tiny Enterprises, welcomed power holidays but sought power cuts to be reduced to one hour on other days. \"The announced power holiday will not help if power cut hours are not reduced. Power holiday along with power cuts makes no difference to industries. The 40% unit cut implemented in the case of high tension companies should be extended to MNCs as well. If they also share the burden, there will be no power problem in the state,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039266", "title": "Cops head for Assam to nab accused", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the sensational day-light robbery case, in which a 45-year-old woman had sustained serious head injury, Mohali police have sent a team to Assam to nab the accused couple.\"So far we have managed to get very little detail about the accused couple as the victim's family had hired their maid without police verification. They only knew that they were residents of Meghei village of Assam and came to Chandigarh one-and-a-half year back,\" said Gurnam Singh, one of the investigation officer of the case. \"Their mobile phones are also switch-off, but teams have been sent to different parts of Punjab and Haryana,\" he added.Pritam Kaur was attacked by her maid Pinky and husband Raju on Wednesday afternoon.Following this they ransacked the house. Doctors treating on Pritam said she was out of danger and recuperating well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037640", "title": "National dialogue on citrus improvement to mark NRCC silver jubilee celebrations", "text": "NAGPUR: National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC), Nagpur is celebrating its silver jubilee this year. A National dialogue on citrus improvement, production and utilization is being organized to mark the occasion from Monday to Wednesday.NRCC director VJ Shivankar informed that apart from the national dialogue, which will be attended by a number of luminaries from the field, a number of other activities like health camps have also been organised.The dialogue will be inaugurated at National Bureau of Soil Survey and Land Use Planning (NBSSLUP) auditorium, Amravati Road on Monday at 10 am. It will be inaugurated at the hands of chief guest HP Singh, deputy director general (DDG) (Horticulture), Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR).Shedding some light on NRCC's history, Shivankar said, \"NRCC was established when the citrus black fly wrecked havoc with citrus crops. It was then inaugurated by former prime minister late PV Narsimha Rao. Since then, we have worked hard to promote productivity of citrus crops and prosperity of farmers.\" There is an urgent need to introduce changes in agricultural practices to compete in the global marketing era, he added.A total of 12 enterprising farmers from across the country will be felicitated for their innovative and inspiring work in farming. Along with this memoir - 'Silver Jubilee Celebrations of NRCC', a book which encompasses the journey of NRCC through these 25 years, will also be released.The occasion will also be used by the Indian Society of Citriculture to felicitate SA Nimbalkar and HP Singh with lifetime achievement awards for their contribution in the field of citriculture. Honorary fellowships and Dr Shyam Singh best citrus scientist awards will also be given away during the function.Shivankar also informed that a number of former directors and present and past vice chancellors of various agricultural universities will be gracing the dialogue in which more than 100 participants from across the country will participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040054", "title": "'Sensitivity must to defend human rights'", "text": "PUNE: Future lawyers need to equip themselves with knowledge and information if they want to deal with complaints relating to human rights violations, said Supreme Court justice Balbir Singh Chauhan on Saturday. He was speaking on the \"Role of judiciary in protection of human Rights\" at the Justice Y V Chandrachud lecture series 2012.The function, attended by judicial officers and lawyers, was organised by the Pune Bar Association (PBA) at the Ashoka hall of the district and sessions court.Justice Chauhan, the chief guest for the event, emphasised the need to introduce more courses on human rights violations, as such events have become rampant in the country.Describing the incident of Baba Ramdev's rally at Ramlila Maidan last year as a clear case of human rights violations, the SC judge advised lawyers to have a sensitive approach while dealing in human rights violations cases. He also criticised the police for abusing its authority by inflicting injuries on a sleeping crowd in the garb of invoking Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Citing the case of film actress Khushboo, who had to face 28 litigations by lawyers, and remained in prison for six weeks, because she had given an interview on live-in relationship, the judge said there was no law to initiate prosecution in such cases as none of the lawyers were defamed.Among the others who spoke at the function include Justice Abhay Thipsay of the Bombay High Court, principal district and sessions judge Anant Badar, Harshad Nimbalkar, member of Bar Council of Maharashtra and Goa, PBA president Dhananjay Taur and others.Later, attending the Justice P N Bhagwati International Moot Court competition at the New Law College, Justice Chauhan traced the history of legal education in India and commented on the quality of legal education and applauded the high professional quality existing today in law colleges across India. He also spoke on natural justice as well as human rights being the most essential components for dignified humanity.Total 26 teams from national law schools and six foreign teams from the UK, the US and Europe have participated in the competition. The guests were introduced by Mukund Sarda, dean and principal of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039104", "title": "'Need to create awareness on HIV'", "text": "MUMBAI: Project director of Mumbai District Aids Control Society (MDACS) Dr S S Kudalkar did not want to comment on the rise in prevalence of HIV among men having sex with men in the city and said he was yet to receive the detailed figures of the HIV Sentinel Surveillance (HSS). NACO officials, too, remained unavailable for comment.While, the state agencies have reached out to only 39,572 MSM, NGOs accept that the number is ''grossly underreported\". ''It is a complicated area where even gay organizations have limitations as far as reaching out is concerned. Here, we are talking about men, many of whom do not want to be identified as gay,\" said public health expert Dr Shilpa Merchant, previously associated with Population Services International.Activists are unanimous that there are many men who regularly indulge in sexual activity with other men but resist being labelled as gay fearing social stigma.Gay activist and chairperson of Humsafar Trust Ashok Row Kavi said that the government had managed to reach out to only networks of identified homosexuals. ''Bisexuals do not even want to come to identifiable places. This population is incredibly difficult to access,\" he said, adding that the number of MSM population could be ''very, very high\".Medically, the debate has often revolved around anal sex being riskier than vaginal sex, and therefore, spouses being vulnerable of getting infected not only with HIV but other sexually transmitted diseases. But Kavi said that it would be impractical to say that only gay men indulged in such sex. ''Studies have shown that up to 45% of heterosexual married couples indulge in it, though that too is a high-risk behaviour. The idea is to educate men about safe sex,\" he said.Kavi also said that in the course of reaching out to gay men, his NGO had observed that between 50% and 55% of men were having sex with their wives as well as other men. ''Of these, around 25% were married and did not seem to be under any pressure to indulge in such sexual behaviour,\" he said. ''Internet holds the key to reach out to MSM. We have to reach them through emails, tracking sex sites and then educate them,\" said Kavi. The internet has emerged as the most commonly used medium by men to look for 'partners'.Merchant said the government should think of ways to reach out to all men rather than only gay men. ''There are hardly any dedicated programmes to target this high-risk population. We need neutral organizations to participate,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037866", "title": "Kidney kindness kindles bonds", "text": "NAGPUR: A promising career as a cricketer was blown away for Samad Khan when the 24-year-old learnt of his kidney ailment. Fighting suicidal tendencies and several social misconceptions, the Khan family came out of the tragedy as Samad's sister Naseem volunteered to donate one of her kidneys. Twenty years later, the donated kidney, too stopped functioning well. This time his wife Nikhat came to his rescue and donated one of hers.Warring sisters-in-law make for a perfect television soap. In the Gawande family, however, the bhabhi ended up donating her kidney to her nanad. There was no family pressure and the donation was done on voluntary basis. People discouraged Chandralekha Gawande from donating the organ to Maya Gawande. Even the doctors told her to reconsider her decision. However, she only knew that she had to save the life of her sister-in-law rather than worrying about the outcome of the donation.These and many similar family sagas abounded when Central India Kidney Foundation (CIKF) decided to honour some of the donors, who donated the organ this year as they were seeing a change of guard. This organization has been fervently supporting the cause of organ donation and helping those who are in need of kidneys for over a decade now. What sets CIKF apart from other organizations is a balance between medicos and non-medicos as its members.\"When such platforms are created, common people mostly remain away from them. Having such people in the folds of the organization makes us better at gauging the pulse of the people as they are better aware of social conditions and inhibitions,\" said nephrologist and transplantation physician Dr Shivnarayan Acharya, who is amongst the founder members of the foundation.His statement is aptly reflected in the fact that both the outgoing as well incoming presidents of the society are not from the medical field. While the former president Vandana Khushalani is the principal of Dayanand Arya Knaya Vidyalaya, the new president Anil Rathi is a chartered accountant. Rathi himself had undergone a transplant a couple of years ago, which is how he got associated with the organization.As the law now only allows close family relatives to donate kidneys to those in need, the audiences were full of families where wives had given away their kidneys to husbands and mothers to their children. Some had also got the organ from their siblings or fathers.speakoutnagpur@times", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "12039208", "title": "Samjhauta blasts: Visa denials to kin of victims; petition in HC", "text": "PANIPAT: Lawyer Momin Malik has moved a petition in the Punjab and Haryana high court seeking legal recourse to get visas for the kin of victims of the Samjhauta blasts, who were denied to visit the country by the Indian high Commission in Islamabad for not having enough cash in their bank accounts. The case is likely to come up for hearing in the court on Monday.Talking to TOI, Malik said that several relatives of the blasts' victims were unable to visit the country to pay tributes at the graves of their loved ones at the graveyard in Mehrana village.Malik said that he had raised the contention in the plea which has been put up for consideration in the high court that if actresses like Veena Malik, who had court controversies by posing nude in magazines could be granted the visas to visit the country and move around freely anywhere, why the relatives of the victims of the blasts were being singled out.Family members of Pakistani nationals Mohammad Vakil, Sayed Iftikar Ali, Rajiya Sultana, Ijhar Hasan and Jarina, who had been killed in the blasts were denied visas as they did not have sufficient bank balance. He said they were struggling to get visas to pursue their compensation claim cases in the railway tribunal.Malik said he had already written to the Union ministry and the Indian high commission in Islamabad to take a sympathetic view of the misery being suffered by relatives of the victims. The pleas had failed to provoke the desired result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039449", "title": "Flights diverted as stranded cargo plane blocks runway", "text": "CHENNAI: Several take-offs from Chennai airport were delayed for nearly an hour and four incoming flights were diverted after a cargo aircraft got stuck on the main runway on Friday.The cargo flight was being towed from the cargo terminal to a remote parking bay at the airport when the tow vehicle developed a snag. The incident happened at 11pm, when a large number of domestic flights were coming in to land at the airport.The giant Russian-made IL76 transport aircraft belonging to a cargo airline almost crossed the main runway when a tow bar used by the towing vehicle snapped. The plane got stranded at the point where the main runway intersects the secondary runway near the cargo terminal. Flights were not able to use the full length of the runway because the cargo aircraft stood too close to the main runway.Sources said about 1,000 feet of the 12,000-foot runway could not be used. \"We allowed smaller aircraft like ATR, which requires just 4,000 feet of runway length, to land. But take-offs were suspended because the length of the runway was not adequate to ensure safety,\" said an airport official.Airport director E P Hareendranathan said the plane had some heavy cargo and it was being moved to vacate the apron when the incident happened. \"The airline brought its pilot and moved the plane away from the runway,\" he said. The incident sent airlines and airport officials into a spin since it coincided with the busiest slot, 9pm to 11.30pm. The airport has only one runway in use.\"The plane was allowed to be towed when there was no traffic. They were supposed to cross the runway in a few minutes, but did not.Technicians were rushed to the spot to find out if the plane can be moved. As their efforts failed, apron staff relayed the information to the air traffic control officials who in turn informed incoming flights. Pilots were told that a portion of the main runway will be closed. Bigger planes were diverted to other airports, while smaller aircraft were allowed to land,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039635", "title": "Department gears up to check malpractices during exams", "text": "BHOPAL: Keeping in mind the increasing complaints of mass copying in recent times, the education department is gearing up to check malpractices during the board examinations this year.Joint Director (JD), Public Instructions, Bhopal Division DS Kushwaha has asked for a list of sensitive and hyper sensitive exam centres from the District Education Officers (DEOs) of the districts coming under the division. A letter was issued to all the DEOs of the division in this regard on Friday. The report would be sent to the joint director within two days.The districts coming under the Bhopal Division are Betul, Bhopal, Harda, Hoshangabad, Raisen, Rajgarh, Sehore, and Vidisha.JD Kushwaha said, \"DEOs have been communicated to send the list of sensitive and hyper sensitive examination centres. It is likely to be ready by Monday.\"Meanwhile, the DEOs have started drawing up a list of invigilating teachers to be deployed for the Board examinations.DEO Bhopal CM Upadhyay said, \"Additional teachers would be deployed for invigilation at the exam centres on the day of English, Maths and Science subject examinations to check mass copying or use of any other unfair means.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12038058", "title": "Mothers told to push instead of C-sections", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Access to gynaecological and prenatal care might have reduced infant mortality rate but on the flip side is the increasing number of caesarean sections in the state.According to data available with National Family Health Survey, the urban C-section rates are over 30% in Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal.Alarmed by trends, the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) has decided to start measures to sensitize public to opt for normal delivery. It will also keep a tab on government and private hospitals where C-sections are performed. NRHM officials say about 50% of childbirths in the state is through C-section. This is high compared to the WHO stipulated norms of 15%. Even at the global level over 30% is one of the highest rates recorded only in a few Latin American countries.Dr N Sreedhar, NRHM state programme manager, said that fear about childbirth could be a reason for women to opt for caesarean. He said that the exact cause of the increasing trend is still mysterious. \"If women are sensitized about the ill-effects of C-section on mother and child health then it's easy to bring down the numbers,\" he said.NRHM has already started airing awareness programmes on Doordarshan and All India Radio. \"District-level awareness campaign will be carried out through the respective district NRHM,\" he said.It is learnt that C-sections are more in private hospitals than in the public health facilities in the state. The state NRHM with the help of respective district medical officers has already started collecting details on number of caesarean cases performed in both government and private hospitals. It will also collect details on doctors who suggest highest number of caesarean sections in the state.In normal case, caesarean is advised in cases of intrauterine growth retardation, dystocia, previous caesarean and breech presentation. Dr A Baburaj, district project manager of NRHM, said complications during and after caesarean can lead to number of injuries to the mother. This includes injuries to the uterus, bladder and blood vessels.He added that in some cases it also cause health risk to newborn as some studies showed that babies born by C-section are more likely to develop breathing problems or respiratory distress syndrome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040036", "title": "Inclusion of marine biodiversity in environment studies suggested", "text": "PUNE: Director of the US-based World Ocean Observatory, Peter Neill, on Friday stated that environment studies curriculum in India is restricted to territorial conservation and that there is a glaring loophole in it. Neill was speaking on 'The sea connects all things' at a programme organised by the Indian Maritime Foundation here.Addressing the gathering, he lauded the apex court's initiative in making environment studies a mandatory subject in schools across the country, but said the curriculum is limited only to territorial biodiversity and its conservation. The Supreme Court bench comprising Justices N Santosh Hegde and B P Singh had made environmental education compulsory from the academic year 2004-2005.Neill said, \"Having gone through the environment studies textbook, I failed to see a single chapter on marine life. There are no authors in the textbook who have even specialised in marine biology. There should be a section devoted to marine biodiversity to educate students about the conservation of ocean and its future.\"Neill urged the authorities concerned to expand the current syllabus of environment studies to the concerns revolving aquatic life in the ocean. \"Talking about territorial environment is only half the story. There is a scant knowledge of the ocean's biodiversity among students,\" he added.He also spoke about the need for desalinating ocean water as there is only 3% fresh water available in the world, and of that 2% is frozen in glaciers. He stated that desalinating is the only option to provide drinking water to public and robust irrigational facilities to farmers.\"The government may say that desalinating is an expensive option but it needs to look into the future. From that perspective, with a constricted amount of drinking water available to the people at the moment, the costs (to desalinate) involved will be negligible,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037967", "title": "His first salary went for a noble cause", "text": "KOCHI: How many of us would believe if we heard that someone contributed his first salary - all of Rs 12,089 - after having worked for five years without pay, to set up a welfare fund. Not many. But a teacher did this, and his name is P M Subair.He is an Arabic teacher and has been working at Santa Cruz School, Fort Kochi. He, however, got his first salary only on February 1 last.This was because the state government had refused to accept his appointment that was made by the school management. It insisted on a PSC appointment. Subair stuck to his job undeterred, however.And his optimism paid dividends with the state education minister recently announcing a special package for teachers, including those who had not been receiving salary.According to Subair, his decision to contribute his first salary for the welfare of Arabic teachers in Kerala was taken in mid-2011, after he had been hospitalized with severe health problems and didn't have enough money to pay his bills. He was admitted to a hospital in Kochi with kidney stone.\"I used to work as a painting helper or as an assistant in a broiler chicken store after school time to meet our daily needs. Our family that includes my parents, wife and three children suffered a lot in those days. It was with the help of my colleagues in school and friends that my family survived when I was in hospital. It was at that time that I decided that never should another Arabic teacher face such a situation,\" Subair said.\"Most Arabic teachers are in dire strait because we are not recognized as full time employees and receive only part-time salary. It is difficult to maintain a family in such circumstances,\" Subair added. Last Saturday Subair, a resident of Aroor, handed over his salary to state education minister PK Abdu Rabb to set up a welfare fund for Arabic teachers.And his gesture was much appreciated by Arabic teachers across Kerala, who took the decision to contribute a day's salary to the fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038303", "title": "Entrance test now must for GTU PhD aspirants", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students of engineering and management faculties aspiring for a PhD from the Gujarat Technological University (GTU) will have to take a compulsory entrance test, which will be an open book exam on the research methodology subject.This is the first time that the GTU is conducting an entrance test for doctorate studies.Officials said the idea behind holding an open book exam is to enable students to gain an insight into using reference books. The test will be held on March 3. The marks obtained in this test will be included in the evaluation of their PhD thesis also.GTU expects at least 1,500 students to take this test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039831", "title": "Frequent fliers oppose user development fee", "text": "COIMBATORE: Businessmen, doctors and frequent fliers in the city have opposed to the proposal made by the Airports Authority of India to levy a new user development fee of Rs 400 on travellers. The proposal is pending before the ministry of civil aviation for approval. If the user development fee comes into effect, it will be for a period of six years and two months. But regular fliers are already up in arms over the issue.\"The ministry should understand the plight of the average citizen. Instead of taking a flight, I can choose to travel by road or train as the cost factor works out in my favour. Instead of spending hundreds of rupees on taxis from and to airports, I can travel by road in my own car along with friends ,\" said Dr G Bakthavathsalam, chairman, KG Hospital.Travellers reasoned that they hardly have an hour to spend inside the airport to use the newly provided amenities. Also, it is not clear what amenities the AAI will provide within airports. \"Why charge Rs 400. Why not charge more nominal and reasonable,\" asked Bakthavathsalam.\"Once I get the boarding pass, I enter the flight. It is not as if a world of facilities is available at airport. If the government is serious about bringing in world class civil aviation, it should provide good airports by spending out of its own pocket. Otherwise, I will travel by road in my own car,\" said Dr S Karthik, orthopaedic surgeon.Others like the vice-chancellor of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, who is a frequent flier, said that the proposal will meet universal disapproval. \"This fee is totally unwanted. The government is just now bringing air fares within the reach of the common man. Such fees will now dissuade them from taking flights,\" he said.Coimbatore: Businessmen, doctors and frequent fliers in the city on Friday opposed the proposal made by the Airports Authority of India to levy a new user development fee of Rs 400 on travellers. The proposal is pending before the ministry of civil aviation for approval. If the user development fee comes into effect, it will be in effect for a period of six years and two months. But regular fliers are already up in arms over the issue.\"The ministry should understand the plight of the average citizen. I refuse to pay such a fee because it is not acceptable. Instead of taking a flight, I can choose to travel by road or train. The cost factor works out in my favour. Likewise, more people are choosing to carpool when they travel to Bangalore. Instead of spending hundreds of rupees on taxis from and to airports, I can travel by road in my own car along with friends,\" said Dr G Bakthavathsalam, chairman, KG Hospital.Travellers reasoned that they hardly spent an hour inside the airport for them to use the newly provided amenities. Also, it is not clear what amenities the AAI will provide within airports. \"Why charge Rs 400. Why not charge Rs 100, which is more nominal and reasonable,\" asked Bakthavathsalam.\"Once I get the boarding pass, I enter the flight. It is not as if a world of facilities is available in airports. If the government is serious about bringing in world class civil aviation, it should provide good airports by spending out of its own pocket. Otherwise, I will travel by road in my own car,\" Dr S Karthik, orthopaedic surgeon, said.Others like the vice-chancellor of Tamil Nadu Agricultural University, who is a frequent flier, said that the proposal will meet universal disapproval. \"This fee is totally unwanted. The government is just now bringing air fares within the reach of the common man. Such fees will now dissuade them from taking flights,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12038224", "title": "Goa poll code sends tourists packing", "text": "PANAJI: Tightening of rules ahead of voting in the Goa assembly polls during peak tourist season is sending away foreign tourists to other destinations like the Caribbean and Thailand, the state's tour operators say.The tourism industry's fortunes have virtually gone into a tailspin with election code guidelines stipulating that no alcohol can be served to guests after 11pm. Wholesale liquor vendors have also downed their shutters claiming harassment by Election Commission officials.This has resulted in a shortage of alcohol in restaurants and bars who are unable to meet guest requirements citing reasons of no stock. \"It's a horrible time for us,\" says Lourenco Fernandes, a shack owner on Calangute beach. \"Even if we serve guests alcohol or beer at 10.30pm, the police on patrol won't even allow glasses to be seen on the table after 11pm. Guests like to have a drink with their meals. They're now having their meals within the four walls of their hotel rooms,\" he adds.A foreign tour operator told TOI, on condition of anonymity, that increasing number of tourists are cancelling their holiday to Goa. \"We have informed clients who had booked a holiday to Goa about the election code of conduct being enforced. Since they won't be able to get a full refund, we suggested they try out other destinations. Most of our clients have opted for the Caribbean and Thailand,\" the tour operator says.\"We are under a contractual liability and have to inform our guests,\" Ralph de Sousa, spokesperson for the travel and tourism association of Goa, says.\"Restaurants, eateries and shacks on the beaches have been severely affected. Indian weddings booked in hotels are also toned down, leaving guests disappointed. A wedding package usually includes two outdoor nights at a beach shack with barbeque and fireworks, which are being cancelled due to reduced time availability,\" de Sousa adds.John Lobo, general secretary of the Shack Owners Welfare Society, says the business scenario is similar to the end-of-season time. \"It looks like we are in the month of May and have a few days left to pack up. We have paid fees for shack licences and excise licences for six months. The government should compensate us or refund the fees paid for the months where we are being denied business. The panchayat elections will be coming up soon. Are we going to face another similar shutdown due to another election code of conduct? The tourism season has come to a premature end,\" he complains.De Sousa adds, \"I do not know if the code of conduct guidelines for the panchayat elections will be the same, so I cannot comment. But, conducting the assembly elections in the middle of the tourism season has been disastrous and caused huge losses to the industry. I hope the government takes note of this and makes a strong representation to the Centre and the EC to never schedule an election date during Goa's tourism season.\"Election officials, when contacted, say they are under intense pressure. \"We have been given information that candidates have tied up with certain watering holes to cater to their supporters at night. We are going as per guidelines issued by the Election Commission,\" an official says.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "dubai", "code": "12042720", "title": "Qatar named world's richest country", "text": "DUBAI: Qatar has been ranked as the world's wealthiest country in a new list compiled by the prestigious US magazine Forbes.The Gulf State with a population of 1.7 million topped the list as the world's richest country per capita, thanks to a rebound in oil prices and its massive natural gas reserves.Adjusted for purchasing power, Qatar booked an estimated gross domestic product per capita of more than $ 88,000 for 2010, Forbes said, compared with $ 47,500 for the UAE , which was placed sixth while Kuwait stood at 15th in the list.Qatar, which will host the 2022 Football World Cup and is also in the running for the 2020 Olympic Games, has been a high-profile investor in recent times.The government is pouring money into infrastructure, including a deepwater seaport, an airport and a railway network, all with an eye to making the country a better host for businesses and the 2022 World Cup, Forbes said. In second place on the list was Luxembourg , with a per capita GDP on a purchasing-power parity basis of just over $ 81,000.In third place was Singapore , which thrives as a technology, manufacturing and finance hub with a GDP (PPP) per capita of nearly $ 56,700.To rank the countries, Forbes said it looked at GDP per capita adjusted for purchasing power for 182 nations. It used International Monetary Fund data from 2010.Norway and Brunei rounded out the top five positions in the list followed by the UAE, the US, Hong Kong, Switzerland and the Netherlands.A trio of politically and economically fragile African nations were listed as the poorest countries - Burundi, Liberia and the Democratic Republic of Congo, where GDPs (PPP) per capita are $ 400, $ 386 and $ 312, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12038014", "title": "Arrested tax official banked on deposits for taking bribe", "text": "KORAPUT: A vigilance probe revealed that the arrested commercial tax officer (CTO) of Rayagada district had adopted a unique way of taking bribe. The CTO, Suraj Kumar Mishra, had asked trader Manoj Kumar Sahu to deposit Rs 25,000 in an account at State Bank of India's Ersama branch in Jagatsinghpur district. Mishra was caught while accepting the deposit slip.Mishra had wanted the bribe from Sahu to provide the TIN number that is required for business. SP (vigilance) Subash Das said the official used to ask his clients to deposit the bribe in account number 32071968903 that is reportedly in the name of a woman relative of his. \"The CTO had asked Sahu to deposit the bribe amount in that account and the official was arrested while accepting the deposit slip. The amount has been withdrawn from the bank account,\" the SP said.According to the SP, it was found that between February 1 and February 22, Rs 1.30 lakh was deposited in that account number from Rayagada district. \"Inquiry is on to find out the persons of Rayagada who have deposited the amounts. Mishra's rented house in Bhubaneswar was raided on Thursday and details are awaited,\" Das said.Sources allege that depositing the bribe money in a bank account is a new development in the area and most officers of Koraput, Malkangiri and Rayagada districts are accepting bribe through this way.\"Accepting bribe through bank account reduces the possibility of a vigilance trap and most officers have adopted this method in these tribal districts,\" a source at Koraput said.In another development, the residence of a teacher, Niranjan Samantray at Koraput, was raided by vigilance on Thursday. \"A case was registered against Samantray for amassing property in excess of his income. We have identified a three-storey building belonging to the accused in Koraput town, a four-wheeler and a fabrication unit. Raid is on and details will be known once it is over,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044103", "title": "'I take after the original Eve'", "text": "Saw this wonderful film called Last Night. It's about a married couple played by Keira Knightley and Sam Worthington , and his colleague played by Eva Mendes.It's about everything I find daunting in a marriage. The film begins with a party scene where Keira senses the chemistry between Eva and her husband. She suspects they are having an affair, and ends up fighting with him. The next morning, Sam and Eva are off on a business trip. Meanwhile, Keira who's feeling lonely, bumps into her ex-flame, Guillaume Canet, and they end up spending the evening together. As the film unfolds, you know there's attraction between both couples and eventually one or both are going to overstep the boundaries. It's like seeing two people slow dance, knowing where it's going to lead. I've known of guys who have gone and beaten the man their wives have slept with. I've known of wives who've attacked the women their husbands cheated on them with. I find that odd. If I were , up with the person who is committed to me. I'd blame my husband for cheating on me. Not the other woman. She owes me nothing. He's the one who made the choice.But I'm more worried of the possibility of cheating myself, than the other way around. I take after the original Eve. Tell me something is forbidden and it instantly becomes appealing to me. Sometimes, no matter how much you love a chocolate brownie and are married to it, you just crave a chocolate tart (pun not intended), and sometimes it is hard to resist. Sometimes, affairs just happen. Nikhil, one of my married friends , was out drinking with a colleague, and when he went back to her place to drop her, he ended up in bed with her. He later told me, \"I just wanted to kiss her. I never meant to go all the way but it felt so good, I couldn't stop. Amy has never made any bones about the way she felt for me. And all evening, she made it clear that she wanted me. I gave in to the temptation.\" It's the ego. You pamper a man's ego, and he is a puppet in your hands. Their affair went on for a while. Not the sex as much, with them being in different cities, but the mails, calls, texts...till his wife, Preeti found out.Suddenly everything changed. She asked him if he loved Amy, and when he said, no, she tried to understand why it happened. Preeti is a stunning woman and successful in her own right. So why did her husband cheat? He had no answer. He felt like hell. Though they didn't break up over that, they went through a tough six months, which were hellish for him. The thought that Preeti might leave him, left him shaken. So does this mean that it's happily ever after for them from hereon? I know that Preeti doesn't believe in that anymore. There's always a price to pay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038403", "title": "Finally, first batch of SI recruited in state", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand police finally announced the list of successful candidates for post of sub-inspectors. The recruitment process that started in 2008 took almost four years to get completed because of litigation by the aspirants.Announcing the final result here on Saturday, director general of police (DGP) G S Rath said despite all odds and litigation by aspirants for increasing the maximum age limit, the process for recruitment of first batch of sub-inspectors had been completed. After the creation of Jharkhand in November 2000 this is the first time that the state has recruited sub-inspectors. The result was also uploaded by the DGP on the website of Jharkhand police.Mohammad Azam Khan was declared the state topper. The second and third toppers were Uday Kumar Gupta and Mohan Kumar, respectively. \"These young 382 sub-inspectors will first under go general training of two years which include one year in police training college and one on field. After this, they will be given special training to combat Naxalite menace in the state,\" said Rath, expressing hope that the young blood would prove their efficiency for the work force.Police sources said that the young batch of sub-inspectors would be of great use in remote areas because at present the average of sub-inspectors, the lowest level officer, in the state is around 45 years. \"This was posing lots of problem in anti-Naxalite operations because it needs lots of endurance and once a person crosses 40 years his agility also reduced. We expect the new batch will prove their ability once they are in the fields after a year,\" said an officer involved in supervision of anti-Naxalite operations in the state.On existing vacancies at lower level, the DGP said still around 700 posts would remain vacant. \"We have successfully completed the process for first batch and will soon initiate the process for the second one.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12037504", "title": "Gondia MC's property tax revision illegal: Court", "text": "GONDIA: The judicial magistrate first class (senior division) court, Gondia has observed that the revision of property tax made by municipal council in 1993 was not only illegal but it was arbitrary and discriminatory on February 21, 2012.It may be noted that in order to increase its income, the municipal council, Gondia had decided to increase the property tax 10 times, citing reason that they haven't increased it for quite a long time. However, the revised tax slab has not been implemented properly and people continue to pay according to the previous tax slab.There were several protests against the decision, but the municipal council did not reconsider its decision. Gondia resident advocate Shyamlal Mahadule said that he was paying Rs 134 as tax per annum for his 1,400 sqft house up to 2002. But, this amount was increased to Rs 1,208 (approximately 10 times), and he was issued notice to pay the revised taxes along with the arrears, despite them not getting their house renovated all these years. He, however, refused to pay the revised amount.Advocate Mahadule went to the civil court of Gondia against this revision. While delivering the decision judge M S Tiwari said that according to section 169 of Maharashtra state MPL act. 1965, the municipal council had no rights to increase the property tax arbitrarily like this. The maximum tax rise allowed could be only 1.25% every three years. Advocate Mahadule in his petition had pointed out that quite contrary to his tax revision, there were hundreds of examples of influential politicians, whose small houses were renovated into big bungalows, but the tax increase was as little as from Rs 250 to 296, from 204 to 328 or from 464 to 495 and so on. Reacting on this the court flayed the municipal council's discriminatory behaviour.It may be noted that there are thousands of cases of revision of taxes in Gondia which will be affected by this decision. There are about 36,000 tax payers in Gondia from whom the municipal council collects Rs 8 crore as arrears of these taxes. After this decision Advocate Mahadule has asked all the tax payers to file a united case against the increased tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "12038238", "title": "Potable water to become reality soon for Gumla village", "text": "GUMLA: The dream of getting potable water round the year will soon become a reality for Basua village.A schme to distribute piped water will soon be in place. Since the village is located on a rocky terrain, people have long been facing water scarcity. The houses have no wells and women have to carry buckets and pots on their heads after collecting water from wells in low lands.\"Drinking water has always been a problem for the villagers. Hand pumps could never be a solution,\" said Nasima Khatoon, a panchayat samiti member.Road and other infrastructure problems do not top her priority list. The first need of the hamlet is water, said Khatoon. The villagers, led by some youths, succeeded in calling district authorities, including DDC Punai Oraon, executive engineer of drinking water and sanitation department Aniruddh Kumar, and assistant engineer of electricity department Satendra Kumar and their panchayat representatives like mukhiya Joni Oraon and all ward members to a special gram sabha meeting. A resolution for providing piped water and the formation of a committee for running the scheme, was passed recently.On Saturday, their hope was rekindled when engineer M Singh and his team inspected the site atop the hill where a huge tank is to be constructed for the project. \"Now we hope the collective dream of the village will be fulfilled,\" said village youth Reshad Ansari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12037813", "title": "Smugglers find new route for peddling drugs", "text": "JAISALMER: Due to strict vigilance of security forces at the border for Punjab elections, Pakistani smugglers have found another route of smuggling at Ganganagar border of Rajasthan and are making serious efforts to push consignments of heroin into the Indian territory.Two motorcycles of the smugglers have been recovered from the venue where BSF personnel thwarted attempts of three persons on Friday. Both the motor bikes were found to be registered at Tarantal district in Punjab.In last one and a half months, BSF has caught five consignments of heroin at Punjab border and two smugglers were killed in three firing incidents. International smugglers finding Ganganagar border safe have switched to this new front, sources said.Till now over 60 kg of Pakistani heroin has been recovered from Punjab since January 1 this year. Due to elections in Punjab, intensive checking and campaigns are going on, therefore, smugglers have switched to Ganganagar, sources added.Pakistani smugglers had thrown six packets of heroin at border pillar number 278 of Hindumalkot BOP and four Indian smugglers had gone to fetch them when BSF jawans opened fire but they managed to run away. BSF has also found a pair of shoes and a shawl from the area. Police and BSF have tightened vigil in Tarantal district to nab the smugglers. Information about the motorcycle owners is being searched with the help of transport department.During the investigation, it has come to light that international smuggler Rana Abi Dhabi was involved in sending heroin from Pakistan to Punjab and Ganganagar and all the consignments were of Dhabi. The smuggler is a very big businessman in Pakistan and his trucks ply in Afghanistan, too. Trucks returning from Afghanistan hide the consignment of heroin and later supply it to the European market via the Mumbai and Delhi routes, sources said.Presently, a large heroin consignment has been dumped at the Pakistan border opposite Punjab, Ganganagar and Jaisalmer and a courier chain is engaged in supplying it to Delhi and Mumbai due to which the original sender could not be found. After the heroin smuggling incident on Friday in the early hours, a flag meeting was held with Pakistani rangers in which Pakistani officers assured BSF of investigating the case. BSF gave a strict protest note to Pakistan on the incident, sources said.It is to be mentioned that on January 23, BSF had caught 18 kg of heroin at Khankiyan border outpost and on February 23, 6 kg of heroin was recovered at Hindumalkot outpost. Both these consignments were thrown by the Pakistani smugglers into the Indian border. BSF fired 22 to 23 rounds on Pakistan and Indian smugglers in the Friday incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "12037594", "title": "Man falls to death from Howrah bridge", "text": "HOWRAH: Dilip Pradhan alias Aditya (35), a resident of Chhattisgarh, fell to his death from the superstructure of the Howrah bridge on Saturday afternoon. It is still not clear whether the man jumped or lost his balance. Whatever the reason may be, there was clear negligence on part of the policemen deployed on the bridge. They weren't even aware that a man was climbing up the bridge structure till passers-by and hawkers alerted them. Police are still not sure if the man climbed up to commit suicide or he had some other intention.Around 1.30pm, people spotted the man in black trousers and a striped T-Shirt climbing the main pillar of the bridge on the Howrah side. He was already near the top of the superstructure by then. Passers-by and hawkers alerted the policemen on duty and what followed was complete chaos. A crowd gathered near the base of the pillar and started screaming at the man, urging him to come down.\"We can't say for sure whether he jumped of slipped. He was carrying a bag. He turned to look at us and then fell. The police are to blame. How could the man reach that height without anybody noticing him? He must have taken at least 10 minutes to get there. The policemen on the bridge should be hauled up for negligence,\" said Mahesh Kumar, a passer-by.The man fell from the bridge, struck a tree branch midway and then smashed into the base of the pillar. He was dead by the time people reached him.\"There was nothing on him through which we could identify him. Later we found his bag that was stuck on the tree. We will go through its contents to find out more. In the past, several mentally challenged people climbed the bridge. We can't say for sure whether this man was also mentally challenged,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039474", "title": "Murdered elderly didn't register help", "text": "MUMBAI: Breach Candy resident Puneeta Sukhwani (68), who was killed allegedly by her maid Sheila Kamble (34), had not registered the help with the police, investigators said.\"Sukhwani knew Kamble was involved in theft cases in the past, but chose not to register her with the local police,\" said an officer.Experts said though the police arrested Kamble within hours of the murder, proving the offence in a court can be \"particularly tricky\".\"In murder cases, establishing the motive is very important and can make all the difference in the final outcome. Collecting circumstantial as well as forensic evidence and preserving it should be the priority ,\" said criminal lawyer Majeed Memon. \"The cops will have to prove that the maid acted without any grave provocation to sustain the murder charge and get a conviction.\"The police claim they have a strong case against Kamble. \"Kamble said she killed Sukhwani after the latter refused to give her Rs 40,000,\" said ACP (Gamdevi) A S Ingole. \"We have her confession, the statement of Sukhwani's other domestic help, who is an eyewitness, and forensic reports. It is, however, not clear if Kamble had entered the house with an intention to kill or her actions were on the spur of the moment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038767", "title": "Curbs on tubewell registration in dist", "text": "GURGAON: Going by the directions of Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA), new tubewells in the extended area of Gurgaon district including rural areas of Pataudi, Farukhnagar and Sohna will be registered only in cases where extraction is for agricultural or domestic purposes.This decision was taken in a meeting of the District Task Force where the deputy commissioner, P C Meena, laid emphasis on curbing the rampant misuse of water in the district already falling in the \"dark zone\".According to records, the state government had carried out the task of registering tubewells and borewells in the district between October 2000 and March 2001 after which no such activity was undertaken.According to hydrologist S R Sehrawat,\"HUDA says it supplies sufficient water. However, as per records, if the department supplies 40 million gallons of water (MGD) daily, the discharge should be 33 of that quantity. However, in reality, the total discharge of the city is 110MGD showing the gap in supply, resulting in groundwater extraction. This means the overall consumption is more than 400MGD.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039765", "title": "Youth fakes identity to know exam result", "text": "INDORE: A youth, who dialled the IG (Indore) Anuradha Shankar in the garb of son of the Industry and Information Technology Minister Kailash Vijayawargiya was caught by the cops and later released on Saturday. The cops asked the imposter Sunil, son of Prahalad to tender an apology and vow to never commit the mistake again. Sunil, introducing himself as Akash Vijayawargiya, had called on the cell phone of IG on Friday and reportedly enquired about the police recruitment examination results.It is assumed that Sunil wanted to impress his friends.ASP, Crime branch Manoj Rai told TOI that Sunil, hailing from Lasudia in Indore, was caught from Dewas. \"Sunil's intention was not wrong and there is no crime record in his name. Hence he was freed after taking in written a letter of apology,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037720", "title": "Legal action against those using our name, says Jain Group chief", "text": "NAGPUR: Chairman of the pan-India Jain Group of Institutions said legal action will be taken against those using his schools' trademark to mislead people. Chenraj Jain was in the city for an official function and while speaking to media asserted that a certain school in the city was misusing his trademark name.\"I cannot do much about the name Jain as anyone can start a school with that. But 'Jain International School' and 'Jain Public School' are my trademarks and I have been told that some school in Nagpur still uses that. We will take legal action against them as it is a case of falsifying the facts,\" said Jain.Even though he refused to officially name that school, there was no confusion among those present about who he was talking about. There is only one school in Nagpur whose name bears a striking resemblance to the trademarks which Jain is staking claim to.Meanwhile, Jain's Rs 25 crore state-of-the-art school building at Nagpur is nearing completion. Currently Jain Heritage School is operating from a rented premise at Khamla, but from next academic session it is shifting to a sprawling campus where the facilities alone are being set up at a cost of Rs 25 crore, which excludes the cost of land. The group's new campus will be operational from the next academic session and boasts of synthetic tennis courts, basketball courts, indoor cricket pitches, squash courts, swimming pool etc.\"We give equal importance to sports and that is why many of our students have made a mark at the international level. Robin Uthappa , Rohan Bopanna , Manish Pandey are just a few of our students and many more are already competing at the international level. 11 members of the Karnataka Ranji squad are from our group schools. In Nagpur we will offer these world-class facilities to our students for their all-round development,\" said Jain.When queried about the fee structure, Jain replied students are charged Rs. 60,000 annually for the CBSE pattern which the school currently follows. \"In that fee we also provide breakfast and lunch to students plus access to all sporting facilities. We are also starting the IGCSE curriculum from next session which is affiliated to the Cambridge board where the fee will be a bit higher,\" he said.What's in a name?Chenraj Jain started a school under the franchisee model in association with a city-based businessman. Due to some disagreement, both parties decided to mutually go their separate ways. While the former school still operates under the former name, it clearly highlights its family trust name on the web site and media ads, rather than any reference to its old partnership. Even though Chenraj's new school is called Jain Heritage, he still feels use of the old name is an infringement of his trademark and will cause confusion regarding school identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12039841", "title": "Court seeks police report on complaint against Rahul Gandhi", "text": "KANPUR: The chief metropolitan magistrate, on Saturday, sought report from Chakeri police on a complaint filed against Rahul Gandhi , Sriprakash Jaiswal and local Congress leaders Sandeep Shukla and Mahesh Dixit by March 1. Complainant Shakeel Ahmad, a resident of KDA Colony, had filed a complaint against them and urged the court to order the police to investigate the matter.Ahmad stated that on February 20, around 12.30 pm, a barat (procession) of Lord Shiva was passing from Harjendra Nagar. Scores of devotees were in that procession. They were going towards Siddhanath temple. The accused reached there from the opposite side and started staging a road show forcibly. They ignored the protests lodged by the people which resulted chaos and the traffic was disrupted.Their act amounted to violation of election code of conduct. Ahmad charged that the district administration had not given permission to conduct the road show but they did it deliberately. He tried to lodge a complaint with Chakeri police on February 21 but no action was taken. Thereafter, he handed over a complaint to the DIG but again police failed to take any action against the accused. When no other alternative left, he filed the complaint under the provisions of CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12039106", "title": "'Reconstitution of Roerich trust in 2005 irregular'", "text": "SHIMLA: In memory of noted Russian painter Nciholas Roerich, his daughter-in-law Devika Rani, who was a renowned actress of India and married to late Dr Svetoslav Roerich, had formed a trust through a trust deed of April 16, 1993. Its basic purpose was of collecting, preserving, extending and administering, for the benefit of humanity, the scientific, educational, research, cultural and artistic works and activities, established and maintained by members of the Roerich family, including Prof Nicholas Roerich, his wife Helena Roerich and their sons Dr George Roerich and Svetoslav Roerich at Kullu.Devika Rani had chosen 12 people as members of the trust viz. Himachal Pradesh government represented by chief minister, Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) represented by director-general, secretary, department of culture, embassy of the Russian Federation represented by ambassador, ministry of external affairs represented by foreign secretary, Mary Joyce Poonacha, wife of M A Poonacha, Bangalore, director, National Gallery of Modern Art, member-secretary, Indira Gandhi National Centre for Arts, chief secretary Himachal Pradesh, B M Nanda Kumar, son of E T Megnathan, Bangalore, deputy commissioner Kullu and director of International Roerich Centre, Moscow or their representatives.State chief secretary Rajwant Sandhu in a letter said that while Devika Rani Roerich passed away in 1994, the trust continued to function under the chairmanship of chief minister and held meetings from time to time. She said that the trust was reconstituted with 19 members in October 2005, including some more Russians. The Russian ambassador to India continued to be a member of the trust and was designated as vice-president of the trust, she said.\"The reconstitution has been found to be irregular since the trust deed of 1993 is irrevocable. Besides, it was pointed out later that as per the provisions of section 60 of the Indian Trust Act, 1982, a person domiciled abroad cannot be a member of a trust constituted under the Act. Except for this, the trust of 1993 and the deed constituting the same are considered valid,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12037059", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear power plant set to roll in six weeks", "text": "NEW DELHI: The controversy-hit Kudankulam nuclear power plant in Tamil Nadu is set to be operationalized, with its first 1,000mw unit to be opened soon as the project's safety audits have been completed and local resistance now reduced to a few hundred protesters.While the report of the expert group set up by the Tamil Nadu government is awaited, the state government is more supportive of the project being commissioned and the Centre's action against NGOs alleged to have diverted foreign funds to fuel the stir is seen a precursor to the plant being activated.\"I am hopeful of moving forward. The expert committees have done their job. Safety issues have been addressed. The plant's first unit can be in working order once we are able to move in the required staff,\" Srikumar Banerjee, secretary at the department of atomic energy, told ToI.The head of India's nuclear establishment said it will not be easy to outline a timeframe, but the process of loading fuel can get underway once the atomic energy regulatory board is consulted. \"The plant has been idle and so the AERB will lay down guidelines. Once these are followed, the plant will generate power,\" Banerjee said.The two units are \"99% and 94%\" ready, according to the Nuclear Power Corporation of India and it is estimated that the first unit can be up and running within six to eight weeks.MoS in PMO V Narayanasamy has said that the NGOs that have been banned were channeling funds meant for sectors like health and education for sustaining the anti-nuclear protests.The prolonged standoff at the plant site had led to a 100 staff being allowed to access the project site in two batches daily. This has made keeping the plant in running order difficult as a nuclear installation cannot be switched off in the manner of a conventional factory. The plant needs to be tended to by 3,000 workers, scientists and technicians to get it going.But Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's decisive intervention in stating that foreign NGOs insensitive to India's developmental needs were backing the stir and the government's action in banning three groups indicates a resolve to end the stalemate.The decision follows some quiet exchanges between the centre and state government and spadework in the project area where fishing communities have been leading the agitation. The role of church organizations, perhaps worried that the project might reduce their influence, were active in opposing the plant.The government has reached out to the church groups and sought to convince them that the plant has some of the best safety equipment available globally. Talks with anti-nuclear groups did not, however, make much headway with officials claiming that the protestors were fundamentally opposed to nuclear power and did not set much store by the government's assurances.The move against NGOs is seen as a last resort as the UPA has been sensitive about not getting into a confrontation with such groups although it has had a showdown with sections of civil society like the Anna Hazare movement.It is significant that the Tamil Nadu government, which has been concerned about local reactions, has not contradicted the PM's remarks on the role of foreign funds being diverted from the purposes that they were received. A home ministry probe is understood to have established the diversion of funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044026", "title": "A tribute to AR Rahman", "text": "It was a star studded night as the Mozart of Madras and Superstar joined hands under one roof for the tribute concert to Rahman by the KM Conservatory choir and the German Orchestra Babelsberg...It was a dream come true for a couple of young musicians when they performed with the German Orchestra in a spectacle of a show. The musicians were a part of the choir group that performed a Tribute show for Oscar winner AR Rahman. For music aficionados and Rahman fans in the city it was a pleasant welcome as this group of youngsters from KM Conservatory sang their hearts out and fulfilled that one dream of their life!Says Saikumar Prabhakaran, Tenor says, \"This is the 2nd time I have performed with an Orchestra and it was a joyous feeling just singing here!\" Ask him about the German Orchestra and pat comes the reply. \"What I admired about the German Orchestra Babelsberg was that they were so precise while playing, not once did they let a tune/sound be longer than it should even by accident. To me, that is difficult and that is what I know I took away from watching them and will try to emulate in my singing as well,\" says a very excited Saikumar. Ramya Mukund, another singer from choir voices her excitement. \"It was surreal and a grand experience singing along with 65 odd musicians of that caliber. I had no idea of a live orchestra before this and they just blew me away!\" says Ramya.Of course Superstar Rajinikanth and AR Rahman were the cynosure of all eyes as these excited young girls and boys, played out some of the not-so-often heard fine works of A R Rahman. The classic tracks from Lagaan, Roja and Endhiran had the audience hooting and whistling. \"I almost fainted onstage. He's one of my biggest idols and I have grown up seeing his films. I remember grinning like a fool while singing Muthu in Chennai because it just took me back to when I saw the movie for the first time and I fell in love with the \"Style Mannan\",\" says a very obviously exulted Ramya. The singers were picked out after an audition and seven students of each voice type were chosen to be a part of this 28 member choir. \"The sessions were mild in the beginning but then as D Day grew newa, we had intense mega rehearsals,\" recalls Ramya. With a lot of memorable moments off stage and one stage, bloopers, laughter and the bonding the students take back home tons of experience and a book full of lessons. \"Professional the experience of singing with a pro orchestra and a conductor like Matt teaches you loads from expression to dynamics and performer's etiquette,\" concludes Ramya.Chennai is a growing city for most talented young musicians. \"I used to be a vocalist in a metal band in Bangalore before joining KM Conservatory in 2009,\" says Saikumar. \"During those days itself I was exposed to a lot of Rock music that came from Chennai and loved that they had a distinct sound. I think many cities in India are experiencing the same kind of growth in Independent music and I love the trend. My only hope is that Record Labels stop promoting only film music and sign Indian artists and promote them not just here but abroad as well as the quality of an artist between the Western world and India is the same, if not better,\" concludes Saikumar.Amongst stalwarts of the industry, music aficionados and an extremely intricate choir and orchestra these young guns truly proved what they stood for. Kudos to all of you!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039192", "title": "RTI activist shot dead in Virar", "text": "MUMBAI: A Virar-based Right to Information (RTI) activist, who had sought details of several construction projects in the Vasai-Virar belt as a member of an anti-corruption organization, was shot dead on Friday evening. Two persons are being questioned.Premnath Jha, 42, was riding towards his residence in Virar (East)'s Phoolpada on his bike when several rounds were fired at him from a revolver. One of the bullets struck Jha's forehead and he fell off. A bleeding Jha was spotted by the watchman of his building, Guru Dutt Nagar Society, who alerted his family. He was rushed to hospital where he died during treatment.Police had initially registered a case of accidental death. But Jha's family members suspected foul play as his forehead had an injury mark that seemed like a bullet hole. A post-mortem at J J Hospital confirmed that Jha had died of bullet injury.The RTI activist was associated with the Bhrashtachar Atyachar Virodhi Samiti and had filed several queries with the Vasai Virar Municipal Corporation seeking details of several construction projects. The area is now a hub of construction activity as most of Mumbai's development potential has been tapped.However,, there have been allegations of large-scale irregularities and open spaces being constructed on. Jha's son Mihir, 22, said his father had exposed several cases of corruption and had been getting threat calls but ignored them.Inspector Yousuf Bagwan said: ''We have filed a murder case under IPC Section 302 against unknown persons.\" Initially, an accidental death case was filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039927", "title": "Politics, economics divide people, culture unites them: Sirpi", "text": "COIMBATORE: The gathering inside the non-descript Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan is small, but the content of the programme runs deep. Kurtas, unshaven cheeks and unruly hair are common sights. The North-Eastern &amp; Southern Poetry Festival, a Sahitya Akademi event, which is on till Sunday, is meant for improving intercultural relationships and once inside one gets the feeling that a small, firm step has been taken towards achieving this goal.The inaugural session of the festival was presided over by veteran writer Sirpi Balasubramaniam and the guest of honour was popular public speaker and president of Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan BK Krishnaraj Vanavarayar.In conversation with TOI, Balasubramaniam spoke about organising the event at the behest of the Akademi. \"The purpose of the event is two-fold: to encourage poets from underdeveloped North Eastern states by enabling them to appear in such fora and integrate them with the mainstream by placing emphasis on fostering ties between the southern and north eastern regions of the country,\" he said.He also pointed out the government awards encourage writers from the North-East. In this manner, writers from regions where literature doesn't get much patronage are encouraged to write more and in a matured manner. \"Events like these improve national integration,\" he said.He said that recently the Sahitya Akademi had held two similar events in Thiruvananthapuram and Tirupati. \"Those events were held within a span of six months. When I attended the event, I was enthused to hold this event here,\" he said.During his presidential address, he said Sahitya Akademi is in the process of developing 24 languages, some of which have fallen out of public favour. He quoted the service provided by Centre of Tribal and Oral Literature in Tripura as doing a lot to breathe new life into dying languages. Akademi has held more than 200 such programmes over the past one year. Some new measures had also been taken including an award for a young writer under 35. Akademi has also given out fellowships to outstanding and veteran writers.Balasubramaniam further spoke about Coimbatore, as a city that was an industrial, spiritual and educational hub. He said the Akademi had chosen poetry as the theme of the festival as among all the literature, poetry was the most unique form. \"Poetry is a seismic tremor between hearts and therefore dialogue is possible between entire different people. Politics and economics divide people. But literature and culture unites them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038432", "title": "AISA activist hurt in clash with Jackson inmates", "text": "PATNA: Markandey Pandey, an activist of All India Students' Association (AISA), sustained injuries in a clash between inmates of Jackson Hostel and AISA supporters on the Patna College premises on Saturday.The reason behind the clash could not be known immediately. DSP (town) Ramakant said police recovered the wrapper of an exploded cracker from the spot. Fire: Soya oil worth lakhs of rupees was destroyed when a fire broke out in a godown at Bhagwatnagar under the Agamkuan police station area on Saturday morning. Police said five fire tenders took three hours to douse the flames by 9.30am.Agamkuan police station SHO P K Jha said short circuit seemed to have caused the fire. He said the godown owner has not yet informed the police about the loss suffered due to the fire. Body recovered: Khajekallan police recovered the body of a woman from outside an orphanage on Saturday. It was taken to NMCH for autopsy. The identity of the woman is yet to be ascertained, police said on Saturday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "8601226", "title": "10 Things women wish men understood", "text": "Women and men are as different as chalk and cheese. Men always find it difficult to understand women. Or so they proclaim.But believe us, we are not that difficult to understand. Just try to keep the communication channel open and see how things fall into their place. Here's a guide of some of the things women wish men automatically understood (and remember it's neither astro-physics nor micro-biology).1. We know men are low in EQ (Emotional Quotient) but make an effort to understand emotions. But remember we don't like men who can't control their emotions. Cry babies (oops men) are not what we are exactly looking at in life..2. When we talk, pay attention to what we are saying. Don't just nod your head and continue watching the cricket match on television.3. Your mother might be great in the kitchen and can whip up gourmet dishes in no time. But sorry we can't go on listening to your running commentary on her remarkable culinary skills.4. We believe in the power of communication. So, talk, fight but don't just go into 'silent' mode. Leave that mode to your mobile phones.5 All of us love a dash of chivalry in our partners. So be courteous and show us that you are well brought-up.6 Don't brag. Showing off really acts against you. Be subtle about your fat pay packet, your swanky car and the like. That shows your class.7. Don't think that you own us. So, behave accordingly. Like men folk, we also like our own space.8. Romance comes naturally to us. We love it when a man expresses his love. So, please show us that you love. Say it through flowers, dinners, gifts and of course count surprises as an important element of our DNA. Understand these basic points and act accordingly9. Don't try to give us lessons on moral science. And for heaven's sake don't comment on a low-neckline dress. That's a very cheap thing to do.10. Don't crack jokes on our family members, close friends. Show your great sense of humour with a touch of sensibility..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata/katwa", "code": "12040179", "title": "Woman alleges rape during train heist", "text": "KOLKATA/KATWA: A gang armed with guns and choppers looted a passenger train in the Ahmedpur-Katwa narrow gauge section of Eastern Railway on Saturday evening and allegedly raped a woman who tried to put up a resistance. The woman, a widow, told the police she was dragged out of the train and raped by five men by the railway tracks. The Katwa SDPO and inspector-incharge of Ketugram were taking the woman to Katwa for investigation and medical tests when last reports came in. No FIR had been registered.The robbery and the alleged rape occurred around 7.15 pm between the Pachandi and Ambalgram stations.\"We haven't received any formal complaint about the rape as yet but the guard and driver of the train lodged a complaint of robbery. There are also allegations that a woman was taken away by the criminals. It seems no molestation or rape took place on the train. But if any molestation or rape occurred elsewhere , I have directed the Government Railway Police to take cognizance,\" said Dilip Mitra, DG, railways.Officials said the train was near Katwa when the incident occurred. A person allegedly approached the guard and asked him to apply brakes, saying a passenger had fallen on the tracks. The guard alerted the driver, who stopped the train. When he got off, the goons surrounded him, pointed a gun to his head and snatched his walkie-talkie , mobile phone and other valuables. They then proceeded to loot the people on the train, mostly daily passengers. Women who raised a protest were beaten up.The driver and guard sustained minor injuries.\"When they were leaving, a woman started screaming. The miscreants dragged her away,\" a passenger claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038904", "title": "Trans-Himalayan fest brings hillfolk together", "text": "NEW DELHI: Dozens of people tugging at a rope; arrows shot from bows amid cheers and laughter; troupes performing with great gusto.This is not sports day celebrations or practice for an upcoming match. People living along the trans-Himalayan belt are celebrating their New Year, also called Lo-Sar.People from Bhutan, Tibet , Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh thronged the capital's Indraprastha Park on Saturday as part of the celebrations.A number of events were lined up, including traditional games from Bhutan like archery and tug-of-war, a production by the Japanese monk Reverend Terasawa and performances by troupes from Bhutan, Arunachal Pradesh and Darjeeling's Tamag tribe. This is the first time the community celebrated Lo-Sar in Delhi. The organizers said they aimed to create awareness about the festival.\"Lo-Sar is more cultural than religious, and we wanted to promote interaction and integration among trans-Himalayan communities,\" said Sonam Agola, general secretary, Buddh-Jyoti Foundation, which organized the festival.The festival kicked off with World Peace Prayer led by Ganden Tripa Rimpoche, head of the Gelug tradition of Tibetan Buddhism.\"The community came together to pray for victims of the Leh/Ladakh cloudburst, Tsunami in Japan, earthquakes in Sikkim , and also for the monks and nuns who immolated themselves for the Tibetan cause,\" said Agola. While many in the community took part in the celebrations, the Tibetan community participated only in the prayers. \"We have not been celebrating Lo-Sar since 2008.This year we have all the more reason not to celebrate it as many monks and nuns have sacrificed their lives for the Tibetan cause,\" said Tenzin Wangchuk, president, Regional Tibetan Youth Congress.The Lo-Sar festival, celebrated in the first ten days of the Lunar New Year, has a reach across the country's borders: Bhutanese, Himali, Nepalese, Tibetans, Mongolians, and trans-Siberians, all observe it with great zeal.Different communities celebrate Lo-Sar on different dates, depending on historical and geographical conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12042196", "title": "US drone crashes in Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal region", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A US drone has crashed in the volatile North Waziristan tribal region of Pakistan, apparently due to a technical problem, officials said on Sunday.The CIA-operated unmanned spy plane came down in the mountainous Machikhel area, 30 km from Miranshah, the main town of North Waziristan Agency.The region has witnessed frequent drone strikes against Taliban and al-Qaeda elements in the past few years.There was no word from the US on the incident though unnamed Pakistani officials were quoted by TV news channels as saying that the drone apparently crashed due to a technical problem.The site where the drone came down was surrounded by Taliban fighters, who took away parts of the spy plane.Western media reports said US officials had denied claims by the Taliban that the drone was shot down by militants.US President Barack Obama last month confirmed for the first time that US drones target Taliban and Al Qaeda elements in Pakistan's restive tribal belt bordering Afghanistan .North Waziristan Agency has witnessed several drone attacks this month and Badar Mansoor, described as a key link between Al Qaeda and the Pakistani Taliban , was killed in a recent missile strike in the region.US and Afghan officials have described North Waziristan Agency as a \"safe haven\" for al-Qaeda and Taliban elements, including the Haqqani network that targets US and foreign troops across the border in Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai/patna", "code": "12039406", "title": "Bihar cops confirm identity of 2nd victim", "text": "CHENNAI/PATNA: Two days after the Velachery encounter in which five suspected bank robbers were shot dead by the city police, the identity of Vinay Prasad, one of the associates of gang leader Sujay Kumar Ray, has been confirmed.Of the five suspects, the identities of three more remain to be ascertained. While Sujay Kumar's body was handed over to his father and other relatives on Saturday evening, the other bodies remain in the morgue. To speed up the process of tracking down the families of the dead men, a police team from Chennai led by an additional deputy commissioner has left for Bihar. The team is likely to visit Sujay Kumar's hometown on the outskirts of Patna to gather information on his associates.The identities of the men were a mystery as police went by the identity cards they carried, which turned out to be fakes in some of the cases. However, the voter identity card recovered from the house in Velachery bearing the name of Vinay Prasad has led to his family. Vinay turned out to be the son of one Jamuna Prasad from Nalanda in Bihar. Based on a request made by Chennai police, Bihar police had initiated a verification process. They managed to track down Jamuna Prasad whose son Vinay fit the description provided by Chennai police.Vinay Prasad had left for Chennai more than a decade ago. Before that, he drove an autorickshaw and worked as a labourer in Patna. Nalanda SP Jitendra Rana told TOI that Vinay Prasad did not have a criminal record in the district. But sources indicated he may have been involved in a bank robbery in Chhattisgarh along with Sujay Kumar, who was the prime accused in the Chennai cases.Police sources said Sujay Kumar was involved in three bank dacoities in Mumbai after which he was pronounced as a wanted accused. Sujay Kumar and his associates had robbed Mumbai banks of `81 lakh. He also looted another bank in Chhattisgarh a few years ago. Sujay Kumar is believed to have come into contact with Vinay after he moved to Chennai.Significantly, the modus operandi used in the Chennai robberies was similar to the ones in Mumbai. In both cities, Sujay Kumar's gang looted cash deposited by account holders with the cashier before the currency could be sorted out by number. Hence, in all these cases, the investigating agencies were unable to trace the stolen currency as the numbers were not known.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "12037735", "title": "No plans to take political plunge, says Nagarjuna", "text": "TIRUPATI: Actor Nagarjuna got tongues wagging in the political and film circles with his casual remarks about politics but by the evening, denied that he had any intentions of plunging into politics. The actor was in the temple town on Saturday to inaugurate a jewellary showroom. While speaking to the media, Nagarjuna said that he is curious about politics but does not know whether he would fit the bill. \"I am a keen observer of politics and feel like taking the plunge. But don't know if I am suitable\" he said.His remarks left the political circles in a tizzy wondering whether he was taking the cue from fellow star Balakrishna, who recently started taking a more active role in the TDP. Political observers felt this as an inclination towards YSR congress party as the super hero is known to have been close to the former chief minister Y S Rajasekhara Reddy.But before any one can make any formal invitations and conclusions about his entry into politics, the popular actor quickly corrected his version. Later at Tirumala, Nagarjuna brushed aside questions from the media on his earlier remarks and said: \"I will not be joining politics; I only said I was curious about it.\" None of the Akkineni family has joined the mainstream politics so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039862", "title": "Inverter sales up as city lives in darkness", "text": "COIMBATORE: The severe power shortage has everyone in the city sweating except the UPS (inverter and uninterrupted power supply) device sellers who are doing brisk business. Traders say there is high demand for quality products and prices have shot up by 30%. Branded products are out of stock in most city shops.\"Demand is quite unprecedented this year. Compared to the last summer, the demand has gone up by three times at least,'' says U Sheriff, joint secretary, Coimbatore Association of Merchants for UPS and Stabilizers. According to him, people normally buy UPS and inverters during April and May when summer reaches the peak. This year purchases started early due to the long hours of power failure, he says.Most shops have sold out branded products of companies like Luminous, APC , INTEX, Microtek, BASE, Mahindra Powerol and Crompton Greaves. Prices of assembled models have gone up due to the shortage of branded goods.According to Sheriff, the basic model, which used to sell at prices ranging from Rs 12, 500 to Rs 13,000 is now priced above Rs 14,000. A basic model can help a household run four lights and four fans for at least three hours. Similarly, the price of a UPS that can power six lights and six fans for three hours is up from Rs 20,000 to Rs 21,300.\"Earlier, on an average, we used to get enquiries from 20 people a day. Now we receive at least 80 calls a day,'' says A Dhanasekaran of Green Power Tech. Sales have doubled compared to the same season last year, he says.Apart from the powercut, school examinations have also pushed the sales up as students are increasingly depending on inverters to prepare for their examinations.In the absence of popular brands, the sale of local brands like the Vertex, Powerlit, Micro Power has gone up. These products with a capacity of 600VA are priced in the Rs 5,000-6,000 band.Raja Ram , a resident of Ondipudur, said that many shops only had higher priced products. \"I have to wait for few more days to get a cheaper model. Till then, I will have to depend on candles, he said.Coimbatore: It was only last week, a retired post master in the city written a letter to Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa seeking steps to distribute small capacity invertors and UPSs to households free of cost as that may help them tide over the worsening power crisis. What use is a mixer-grinder or a fan when electricity is in short supply?,'' he asked the Chief Minister.Now, a few weeks after the city and the entire Western Tamil Nadu have landed in a 'dark age' in which people suffer more than 10 hours of declared and undeclared power cuts, it is difficult even for those who can afford to buy an inverter to get a quality brand. Due to the sudden surge in demand for the branded Uninterrupted Power Supply (UPS) devices along with batteries and invertors, their market in the city faces shortage in supply. At the meantime, price of the available devices with no brand backup has increased 30 percent.This time, the demand is quite unprecedented. Comparing with previous summer seasons when power outage was in force, the demand is three times higher now,'' says U Sheriff, Joint secretary of Coimbatore Association of Merchants for UPSs and Stabilisers. According to him, people normally buy UPS and inverters during April and May, the months in which the mercury going high.As the declared and undeclared power cuts started making normal life difficult in January itself, the retailers are finding difficulty in meeting the demand. In most of the shops, branded products of Luminous, APC, INTEX, Microtek , BASE, Mahindra Powerol, Crompton Greaves are unavailable now. As the local models replacing top brands, prices too have increased. The increase in price of components has also added to the price hike.According to Sheriff, the basic model preferred by the people, which used to cost anywhere between Rs12,500 to Rs13,000, is now priced at Rs14,000. The basic model can power four lights and four fans for at least three hours. Similarly the UPS costing Rs 20,000 earlier is now available for Rs 21,300. It t can power six lights and six fans for three hours.Earlier, we were getting enquiries from an average of 20 people daily. Now we receive at least 80 calls every day,'' said A Dhanasekaran of Green Power Tech. In his shop, the sale has doubled when compared to last year.In the place of business worth Rs 6 lakh earlier, now it is Rs20 lakh a month.The demand has further picked up, especially due to the reason that the exams for the students are coming up and the parents do not want them to be disturbed by the frequent power cuts. He however noted that the UPS may not be a total solution as it requires at least 18-20 hours of charging to completely recharge and operate. But it is still a relief as they can light up the house with minimum utilization of the current to light the room.The availability of battery is no different and most the shops are not having the stock, he maintained.In the absence of popular brands, the sale for local brands like the Vertex, Powerlit, Micro power are having a brisk sale. These products with a capacity of 600VA come from a range of Rs 5,000 to 6,000, while that of higher integration cost Rs8,000. With the demand and unavailability of branded products, the prices for the local brands too have gone up, he pointed.Raja Ram, a resident of Ondipudur, said that when he contacted to the shop to purchase the UPS for his house, all of them where of higher range and it was unaffordable for him. Most of the shops that he enquired he found that the products ranging at the lower cost is out of stock and the retailers informed that it would take some more to days for them to receive the order.Considering the present power situation in the state, UPS has become inevitable and every household would soon require these setups at house, especially during the summer to get some relief from the heat, he opined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12038305", "title": "Palamu wage earners put off dharna", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The 15-day dharna by 157 daily wage earners of Palamu Tiger Reserve was postponed for 15 days beginning Friday. The agitators, who were protesting the suspension of Sidh Nath Jha (president of the wage earners' union) and two others, Green Ram and Mukut Stephen Tirkey, for their alleged involvement in corruption cases, hoped the investigation against the trio would be over by then.The dharna was being staged under the banner of Jharkhand Van Shramik Union since February 9. They had two demands: payment of wages due since September last year and reinstatement of the three daily wage earners.Announcing the postponement of the dharna, Jha said, \"The decision to postpone the dharna was taken unanimously. They can complete their investation by this time. However, other workers will continue to work at the tiger reserve during this time.\" Jha said the two were being framed unnecessarily by the forest guard and ranger. He said he, too, would not return to work till the suspension order is revoked by DFO buffer Anil Mishra.Congress MLA K N Tripthay played a role in the postponement of the dharna. Tripathy said, \"I spoke to field director of Project Tiger S E H Kazmi, the DFO and the chief conservator of forest wildlife, A K Gupta, in Ranchi and prevailed upon them to understand the problems of the wage earners.\" The MLA said the officials agreed to do justice to these highly low paid workers surviving on a mere Rs 138.39 per day. The DFO said the inquiry would be fair and transparent. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12038138", "title": "Qadri strikes local chord", "text": "VADODARA: At Karjan where a sea of humanity had gathered to listen to noted Pakistani Islamic scholar Tahir-ul-Qadri, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi sent a special message wishing the success of the programme. Modi's message, which was read out before the gathering, appreciated Qadri's works.State's junior home minister Praful Patel , too, reached the venue to attend the programme, while the organizers also appreciated efforts made by Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel.Qadri himself struck a local chord immediately. \"I am very happy coming to Gujarat. Tamam Gujarati mate dua karu chu. Khushal raho, hali mali ne raho. (I am praying for all Gujaratis. Live in prosperity and live in harmony),\" he said beginning his speech, while once again thanking the Gujarat government and the administration for treating him as a state guest.Qadri informed the gathering that earlier when he had left Canada , he was issued permission for only a programme in Vadodara. \"I thank the 'hukumat' of Hindustan (Government of India) for providing permissions for other places,\" he said. Later, he also showed an English version of Bhagwad Gita, which he referred to explain the message of peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12039263", "title": "5th phase witnessed highest voter turnout in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The fifth phase of assembly elections in Uttar Pradesh has registered the highest polling percentage in the state so far. According to revised polling figures released by the Election Commission on Saturday, a total of 60.47% voting was recorded in the 13 districts and 49 assembly constituencies that went to polls on February 23. Among male voters, the polling percentage was pegged at 61.20%, also the highest yet.Women voters in the region were not far behind, with 59.56% turnout. The highest voting was recorded in Mahrauni seat of Lalitpur district where polling percentage was 75.13%. Lalitpur's assembly seat was a close second, with 70.33% voting, while Jhansi's Babina stood third, with 68.72% polling.During the fifth phase of elections in the state, minimum voting was recorded in Kanpur Cantonment region of Kanpur district. Only 48.49% polling was recorded here. At the end of 5th phase, the seven constituencies that registered the highest polling percentage were Lalitpur (72.65%), Firozabad (63.97%), Jhansi (63.79%), Ramabai Nagar (62.68%), Etah (62.10%), Mahoba (62.02%) and Jalaun (60.53%).Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12037731", "title": "Lanco cut off irrigation source, alleges farmer", "text": "WARDHA: A farmer of Belgaon village is claiming that he was cheated by Lanco Thermal Power Ltd and is knocking the door of authorities to get justice.Ramchandra Udade, a resident of Belgaon village, had 14 acres of agricultural land ancestrally, which he was cultivating with his two brothers. He sold four acres out of the 14 to a broker some years ago. This piece of land also had a well, which was used for irrigating the entire 14-acre land. The broker sold the land to Lanco, which covered the well as it had no use of it.This caused a problem to Udade and he urged the district administration and the company to give him an alternative irrigation source. Udade claims that the company even refused to abide by the district collector's orders to sort out the issue. He also threatened agitation many times but his pleas went unheard.However, Santosh Jagdane, corporate social responsibility manager of Lanco, denied charges against the company and said that Lanco had purchased the four-acre land from NP Naidu, who purchased it from the original owner of the land. \"We are not responsible for the well but on humanitarian grounds, we are ready to give Rs1lakh to the aggrieved farmer,\" he said.However, Udade is unmoved. \"We do not want any money. We want the company to make irrigation arrangement for our land,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037922", "title": "Proposed policy may block railway projects in state", "text": "KOCHI: Cash-strapped Indian Railways (IR) is considering a new plan - to implement future projects across the country on a cost-sharing basis.If this policy is adopted, Kerala government will have to chip in exactly half the amount required for a project. Kerala received a preview of what is in store when railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in a letter requested the state ministry to adopt 50:50 cost sharing pattern for the Sabari rail project, which is estimated at Rs 4,000 crore.State minister for railways Aryadan Mohammed confirmed that the ministry suggested such a method. He said the state had replied that its budgetary support was too low to adopt such a pattern. \"We told railway ministry that our state is one of the lowest revenue earning states in India and in per capita debt we stand first in the country. Hence we expressed our inability to embrace this 50:50 model. We are already reeling under pressure to fund other developmental projects and if ministry takes such a stand our rail infrastructure will suffer,\" the minister said.A railway ministry source said that financial crisis forced IR to push for this option. Besides, many states came forward to share a project's cost and it fuelled the adoption of this concept. \"States like Jharkhand, Maharashtra and Karnataka, which want fast rail infrastructure development, are contributing half the amount required. The railway ministry is providing full support to such initiatives. Hence these states witness a fast-paced development,\" an official said.While Jharkhand recently signed a MoU with IR for projects worth Rs 3,771 crore adopting the cost sharing model, Karnataka is funding about Rs 2,500 crore for ongoing projects under the same plan. At the MoU signing function, the railway minister encouraged other states to come forward with such proposals.Terming the sharing concept between states and IR a policy decision, chief administrative officer (constructions) of Southern Railway, S Vijayakumaran, refused to comment on the matter. \"This is something which only the railway ministry can decide and zonal offices are merely executive bodies. However, I can clearly say that Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Karnataka and partly Tamil Nadu, which have opted to share project costs are witnessing fast progress in rail infrastructure,\" he said.A bleak future seems to await railway projects in Kerala, thanks to years of neglect and inadequate fund allocation. The cash-crunched Indian Railways (IR) is considering proceeding with future projects across the country on a cost sharing basis. If the policy is adopted, Kerala government will have to chip in exactly half the amount required for a project.Kerala received a preview of what is in store when railway minister Dinesh Trivedi in a letter requested the state ministry to adopt 50:50 cost sharing pattern for the Sabari Rail project, which is estimated to cost Rs 4,000 crore.Aryadan Mohammed, state minister for railways confirmed that the ministry suggested such a method. He said that the state had replied that Kerala's budgetary support was too low to adopt such a pattern.\"We told railway ministry that our state is one of the lowest revenue earning states in India and in per capita debt we stand first in the country. Hence we expressed our inability to embrace 50:50 model. We are already reeling under pressure to fund other developmental projects and if ministry takes such a stand our rail infrastructure will suffer,\" Aryadan Mohammed said.A railway ministry source said that financial crisis had been one factor that made the Indian Railways consider such an option. Besides, many states across India came forward to share a project's cost and it fuelled the adoption of the concept. \"States like Jharkhand, Maharashtra and Karnataka, which want fast rail infrastructure development, are contributing half the amount required. The railway ministry is providing full support to such initiatives. Hence these states witness a fast development,\" the official said.While Jharkhand recently signed an MoU with IR for 50:50 pattern on projects worth Rs 3,771 crore, Karnataka is funding about Rs 2,500 crore for ongoing projects under the same pattern. At the MoU signing function, railway minister Dinesh Trivedi encouraged other Indian states to come forward with such proposals for expediting projects.Terming the sharing concept between states and IR a policy decision, chief administrative officer (constructions) of Southern Railway, S Vijayakumaran, refused to comment on the matter. \"This is something which only the railway ministry can decide on and zonal offices are merely executing bodies. However, I can clearly say that Jharkhand, Maharashtra, Karnataka and partly Tamil Nadu, which have opted to share project cost are witnessing fast progress in rail infrastructure,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038550", "title": "Bifurcate Airport Metro link: HUDA", "text": "GURGAON: For the upcoming IFFCO Chowk-IGI Airport Metro link, the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has proposed two separate lines for better connectivity for old Gurgaon. It is proposed that one would start from Rajiv Chowk and other from IFFCO Chowk and the two would merge after Palam Vihar.The Metro officials, however, have claimed that the state government must be kept in the loop for the proposal. The Metro is expected to have over 10,000 passengers on the IFFCO Chowk-IGI Airport route.In the meeting the HUDA administrator, Praveen Kumar , pitched in for inclusion of the old Gurgaon sectors to ensure better connectivity. \"I have proposed to the Metro two options: One is to have a two-line system like Delhi and the second is to take a detour passing through the old city sectors,\" said Kumar.He, however, claimed that no final decision on setting up two separate lines had been taken. \"It will take some time, the state government has to take a final decision about the route,\" said Kumar.In the meeting, Metro officials said that the tentative route has a single link (from IFFCO Chowk to IGI airport) and there is no plan for a two-line system.According to the administrator, the second line should start from Rajiv Chowk and go to Sheetla Mata Mandir, Sector 5 and other sectors and then to Palam Vihar. \"This line will benefit the old Gurgaon residents who use it for traveling all the way to Dwarka and other places,\" said Kumar.The proposed line will ease the traffic chaos in the old city roads. In the survey carried out by the Metro, IGI has 80,000 visitors every day and about 14% are from Gurgaon. ,According to conservative estimates, the detour from IFFCO Chowk before Palam Vihar will be roughly 3km. The Metro officials claimed that the decision to add one more line and a detour to the existing planned route %depended on the state %government.In the meeting the officials were not keen on any deviation in the route.Meanwhile, the old residents' committee fighting for Metro connectivity also claimed that a separate line fron Rajiv Chowk to Palam Vihar would be of great help. \"This will solve the connectivity problem for all the old Gurgaon residents.At present, residents have to hire autorickshaws first to reach HUDA City Centre for taking the Metro,\" said Amit Arora, a committee member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038407", "title": "State to join common engineering entrance in 2013", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat will join the common engineering entrance exam to be introduced by the union government in 2013, the merit of which will enable students to gain entrance in all major and regional engineering colleges including the IITs all over India.The exam will be introduced in 2012 by the union government but Gujarat will not join the exam as it will be in English and Hindi languages. Officials said that center has promised that the exam will be administered in regional languages by 2013.\"Gujarat will join this common entrance exam then as 70 per cent of the students from Gujarat are studying in Gujarati medium and will maximum students will benefit if the exam is taken in the regional language as well\", a senior higher education department official said.Officials said TOI that a meeting of education ministers from all states headed by Kapil Sibal , union HRD minister, was held in New Delhi last week. It was decided that the common engineering entrance exam will be introduced in 2012 in Hindi and English languages.The national as well as state wise merit list will be declared of the test which can be used by each state for admission in engineering and pharmacy colleges. The state will be required to decided the weightage they want to give to HSC (board) exams on their own. Currently, Gujarat gives 60 per cent weightage to HSC exams while 40 per cent weightage is given to GUJCET result.In IITS and other premiere colleges, only the entrance exam merit is considered while the students have to meet the minimum eligibility criteria of passing the HSC exams with 50 per cent marks. Post this exam, weightage will be given to the HSC board result as well.This decision will benefit students as they will get a reprieve from appearing in multiple entrance exams to secure a seat in a good engineering college. Currently, the students keen on an engineering career appear in minimum three entrance exams like IIT-JEE and AIEEE, along with GujCET.Students spend a minimum Rs 10,000 for appearing in these entrance exams in addition to the huge amount charged by coaching classes for preparing the students in different exams.Common Medical Entrance Test undecidedAhmedabad: A common medical entrance test for admission in medical colleges all over the country proposed by the Medical Council of India has run into rough weather. The test which was proposed before the common engineering exam has run into legal wrangles as a number of states, especially the states from South India, have challenged it in the court of law.There was lot of opposition to this exam from the parents in Gujarat after the test was proposed as they said that the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) syllabus was not on par with that of the central board. Also they demanded that the test be conducted in Gujarati language as well so as to give the students from Gujarat a level playing field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12039995", "title": "'Animal genetic resources can help meet food and livelihood security'", "text": "PUNE: B K Joshi, director, National Bureau of Animal Genetic Resources, Karnal, said to ensure access to adequate nutrition and safe food for every individual, genetic potential of different indigenous breeds need to be explored for conservation, preservation and maintenance of animal genetic resources. Lack of food security, malnutrition and poverty eradication are the most challenging issues of our time, he said.He was speaking at the IX national symposium of society for conservation of domestic animal biodiversity, jointly organised by BAIF Development Research Foundation and SOCDAB on the 'role of indigenous animal genetic resources in rural food security vis-a-vis climate change' on Friday.Joshi said farm animal biodiversity and animal genetic resources have a significant role to meet this food security and livelihood security. Thus, there is a need for a legal framework and to implement breeding policies suitable for conservation of indigenous breeds.On the occasion, GG Sohani, president, BAIF, said the scientific community will have to tackle the challenge of food security and other needs of livestock and to preserve their important characteristics.SP Dixit, coordinator of the symposium, and principal scientist, National Bureau of Animal Genetic Resources, Karnal, highlighted the need to revisit the livestock sector to develop suitable strategies for effective use, conservation and improvisation of precious native animal genetic resources to meet the growing challenge of food and nutritional security of the increasing human population, threat of climate change and need for livestock biodiversity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12039997", "title": "PIL seeks setting up of AIEEE, AIPMT exam question papers in regional languages", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered notice to the Union government on a petition seeking to conduct the All India Engineering/ Architectural Entrance Examination (AIEEE) and All India Pre-Medical/ Pre-Dental Entrance Examination (AIPMT) in regional languages. The petitioner wanted the government to set the question papers in all languages, including those listed in the VIII scheduled of the constitution of India, particularly in Tamil along with English and Hindi.The bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah gave the order to the Union government and the Central Board of Secondary Education, (CBSE) to reply to the petition within four weeks.According to the petitioner, K Pachaimal, a retired Tamil teacher in Kanyakumari district, the Union government through CBSE is conducting the All India Common Entrance Examination for admission to engineering, architecture, medical and dental courses in various Central government institutions and for 15% seats in state government institutions. CBSE has now announced the AIEEE - 2012 and scheduled its examination on April 29 for offline examination and May 5 and May 26 for online examinations. It also announced the AIPMT - 2012 exams scheduled to be conducted on April 1 (preliminary) and May 13 (final).The petitioner contended that in these circumstances, the students, those who complete their higher secondary examination through Tamil as medium of instruction and from schools run by the government of Tamil Nadu , government-aided and self-financed, will be forced to appear in the above common entrance examination either in English or Hindi, which is against their right to equality.\"Majority of these students are from urban poor, rural and weaker sections of the society and have deep knowledge in their necessary subjects through their mother tongue, will definitely lose their opportunity due to the language of the question paper prepared in English and Hindi by the CBSE,\" she contended.The petitioner further added, \"The students studying in their mother tongue should also be given an equal opportunity to appear and express their ability, in terms of subject knowledge, comprehension, reasoning and analytical ability through their mother tongue. Otherwise there will be a great prejudice, injustice and discrimination caused to the similarly placed students.\" Therefore, the Union government ought to conduct the common entrance examinations in regional languages, particularly in Tamil to provide equal opportunity by the students studying in their mother tongue.\"Madurai: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court has ordered notice to the Union government on a petition seeking to conduct the All India Engineering/ Architectural Entrance Examination (AIEEE) and All India Pre-Medical/ Pre-Dental Entrance Examination (AIPMT) in regional languages. The court asked the government to set the question papers in all languages, including those listed in the VIII scheduled of the constitution of India, particularly in Tamil along with English and Hindi.The bench comprising Justice Chitra Venkataraman and Justice R Karuppiah gave the order to the Union government and the Central Board of Secondary Education, (CBSE) to reply to the petition within four weeks.According to the petitioner, K Pachaimal, a retired Tamil teacher in Kanyakumari district, the Union government through CBSE is conducting the All India Common Entrance Examination for admission to engineering, architecture, medical and dental courses in various Central government institutions and for 15% seats in state government institutions. CBSE has now announced the AIEEE - 2012 and scheduled its examination on April 29 for offline examination and May 5 and May 26 for online examinations. It also announced the AIPMT - 2012 exams scheduled to be conducted on April 1 (preliminary) and May 13 (final).The petitioner contended that in these circumstances, the students, those who complete their higher secondary examination through Tamil as medium of instruction and from schools run by the government of Tamil Nadu, government-aided and self-financed, will be forced to appear in the above common entrance examination either in English or Hindi, which is against their right to equality.\"Majority of these students are from urban poor, rural and weaker sections of the society and have deep knowledge in their necessary subjects through their mother tongue, will definitely lose their opportunity due to the language of the question paper prepared in English and Hindi by the CBSE,\" she contended.The petitioner further added, \"The students studying in their mother tongue should also be given an equal opportunity to appear and express their ability, in terms of subject knowledge, comprehension, reasoning and analytical ability through their mother tongue.\". Otherwise there will be a great prejudice, injustice and discrimination caused to the similarly placed students. Therefore, the Union government ought to conduct the common entrance examinations in regional languages, particularly in Tamil to provide equal opportunity by the students studying in their mother tongue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12038831", "title": "La Martiniere's Mugdhaa wins Spell Bee's city round", "text": "LUCKNOW: Mugdhaa Ranade, a class IX student from La Martiniere Girls' College won the title of 'master speller' at the city finale of the HDFC Life Spell Bee, India Spells 2012, powered by The Times of India in association with Horlicks.Elated over her win, Mugdhaa, who secured 47 points, said, \"I never prepared for the contest. I think what helped me was my reading skills. Since childhood, my parents have ensured that I read a lot. And that reaped rich dividend here. The rapid fire round came as a clincher and helped me win the contest.\"Sheila Jeyakumar, Mugdhaa's teacher at La Martiniere Girls' College who accompanied her to the contest, attributed her success to hard work and persistent efforts. It's a moment of pride for our school. Mugdhaa has been one of the most sincere and promising students we have and has brought laurels to the school.''Mugdhaa outplayed 120 students from 24 different schools across the city on way to the crown. After winning the contest she said that she would concentrate more on spellings whenever she picks up a book. She now goes to the national round where Mugdhaa will have to compete against 31 other participants from different cities.Following Mugdhaa closely was Saher Naqvi, a class VIII student of DPS, Eldeco, who finished runner-up. This was Naqvi's second tryst with the Spell Bee. She took part in 2010 as well when she finished fifth. \"I am happy that I did better than previous time. Such contests help us improve our language skill.\" Aspiring to become a writer, Saher lost to Mugdhaa by mere seven points.Anant Sharma, a class IX student of La Martiniere Boys' College, who was leading the first three rounds, lost track in the rapid fire round. \"I don't know what went wrong. I think I was good but others were better,\" said Anant.Overwhelmed with joy, Mugdhaa's mother, Sunita Ranade said, \"She has always been a voracious reader. I believe events like this help a child discover the hidden talent and have a command over the language. In a world where kids are dependent on short forms, spelling test such as this will keep up the importance of correct spellings.'' She added: We will do everything possible to help her enhance her vocabulary.\"Every participant who was shortlisted to the finals had to clear four rounds - picture trail, power spell, poesy, and rapid fire -- which tested the student's vocabulary and the dexterity of mind. In the first round, a picture with a theme like a weather phenomenon or an adventure sport was shown to the students and they were supposed to identify and give the correct spelling.In the second round, students were to spell a complex word. In the third round, they were asked to pick up the misspelled words in a poem and answer them correctly. It was, however, the rapid fire round that decided the fate of the participants as they had to spell out as many correct words as they could in one minute. It was in this round that calm and confident Mugdhaa left everyone behind and answered 20 correct spellings.City winners from 32 cities across the country will compete in the national finals in Mumbai. The winner will represent India at the world stage in Washington DC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037593", "title": "Mallanna\u2019s gold", "text": "\"There's gold in them hills\" claims blind old Adams in the western classic 'Mackenna's Gold' and so enthusiastic is his narration that a motley crowd, led by an outlaw, rushes off in search of the elusive Eldorado. The storyline convincingly portrays the universality of greed through characters drawn from different socio-economic backgrounds in this epic saga which took Hyderabad by storm when it was first released in the early 1970's. Every mortal, from hoary professor down to the rickshawpuller, was in the grip of the 'western' frenzy which triggered animated debates on hitherto little known aspects of cinematography over 'cutting' teas at Irani restaurants, much to the chagrin of the proprietor.Historically, India has been one of the foremost consumers of gold with most of the precious metal used to produce jewellery. For a majority of Indians gold remains the preferred medium of saving leading to its deification as the purest form of wealth, worthy of association with the gods, to ensure its retention even in the face of extreme hardship. The fanatical passion for gold which is evident in Indians is thus not surprising and little wonder that even mere mention of the prized metal often triggers a rush of adrenalin among our countrymen. Understandably, the remotest possibility of laying hands on free booty, especially in the form of a buried cache of gold, has quite a few of our otherwise sane countrymen blabbering gibberish and bumbling around with glazed eyes muttering Gold! Gold! Gold!An interesting drama has been unfolding in the city over the past week with the state department of archaeology and museums initiating a treasure hunt at the foothills of the Naubat Pahad. It is said that Mallanna, a worker engaged on a construction site adjacent to a school located on property belonging to the Wanaparthy Samasthan, first stumbled upon the entrance to an underground chamber within the school premises some four years ago. Over succeeding years quite a few others visited the sub terrain vault, with one gentleman claiming to have cut open a steel door in an attempt to access the treasure. Raju, an employee of Coal India who claims to have \"sneaked into the premises pretending to be a parent\" and entered the cavern a year ago, eventually got around to putting in a report attested to by a group of nine 'prominent citizens', not failing to mention the right of informants to 10% of the recovered treasure. The alacrity with which the department of archaeology swung into action was remarkable given its track record of tardiness for which it was severely reprimanded recently by the AP High Court.Archaeology officials barged into the premises and started poking holes on the side of the hill, frequently changing locations at the behest of Raju and a now self-admittedly 'confused' Malanna. Surprisingly the entire search operation was restricted to areas clearly visible from the school playground, leading one to wonder as to how hundreds of inquisitive and spirited kids failed to discover the 'bunker' when the navratnas could get in and out at will for years.Blinded by the dazzle of yet to be seen treasures, the department forgot all procedural requirements and claiming a right to investigate reports of buried treasure, soon pressed into action a mechanical excavator in its haste to get at the booty. The fact that the Act permits mere exploration was ignored and large-scale excavations continued for quite some time before it dawned on the overzealous officials that they were themselves guilty of violating the law. Hastily geo-technical experts were pressed into action in a belated attempt to substantiate the claim that the department had undertaken nothing more than an 'exploration'.Anyone even remotely familiar with the history of Hyderabad will testify to the improbability of finding the Nizam's treasure within Wanaparthy property or of Samasthan treasure being interred anywhere in the city. But then the department, abandoning reason and logic has chosen to believe the 'prominent citizens', honorable gentlemen who resolutely resisted the lure of 'saint seducing gold' for four long years, keeping its discovery a closely guarded secret even from the government and its designated authority!Gold may yet be found in the vicinity of Naubat Pahad, a discovery having become imperative for the department to vindicate its stand and silence detractors who are raising embarrassing questions about the futile 'wild goose chase'. What remains to be seen is if the feat can be accomplished without bringing down the precariously positioned rock formation or disrupting the academic schedule of a highly regarded educational institution. In conclusion one can but hope that the archaeology department performs its designated tasks of protection and preservation of our cultural assets with equal drive and enthusiasm - a duty which it has long neglected.(The writer is a heritage activist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037916", "title": "Super capacitors launched", "text": "KOCHI: India's first integrated solar storage tile, 'Amrita Smart', with super capacitors instead of batteries was launched here on Friday.Developed and designed by Dr Shanti Nair, director, Amrita Centre for Nanosciences, and his team of researchers, the product can be used to power mobile phones and laptops even at night and also offline.It is lightweight and handy. The smart device draws and stores solar energy using nanotechnology. \"It will come handy for defence personnel as solar tiles don't need batteries, which are heavy and occupy space,\" said Dr Shanti Nair.He said energy generation and storage must go hand in hand, which was a challenge while developing the device.Dr Nair said the development of the solar storage tile is a milestone in nano-solar aided research and in the field of renewable energy sector. Amrita Smart is expected to be marketed soon.\"Solar tile has a storage span of seven days; we will increase it to 30 days. Also, we will replace the aluminium cover with a lighter material,\" said Vinod Gopal, product design engineer, Amrita Nano Centre.He said the batteries of solar panels had only a life span of 3-4 days while Amrita Smart had a life span of 20 years. Amrita Smart was launched at Nanosolar 2012 with Dr Shanti Nair handing over the product to G Sundararajan, director, International Advanced Research Centre for Powder Metallurgy and New Materials , Hyderabad. Sundararajan said that for a country like India, the need of the hour was to have more research groups producing nanosolar photo-voltaic devices.P C Pant, senior director, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) said the lack of human resource posed a big hurdle in the renewable energy sector.By introducing the topic of renewable energy in the education syllabus, the country could produce 8,000 professionals every year, some of who would work for solutions to the energy security.Top scientists from India and abroad presented papers on nanotechnology applications in the renewable energy field. These included Andreas Hinsch , Fraunhofer ISE, Germany, Kalyanasundaram, EPFL Switzerland, Latika Menon, Northeastern university , Boston , USA, A K Shukla IISc, Bangalore, K P Vijayakumar, Cusat, Kochi, and Juzer Vasi, IIT Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038259", "title": "Kankarbagh KV honours students", "text": "PATNA: A colourful cultural programme marked the Kendriya Vidyalaya-Kankarbagh's annual day function at which 140-odd students of the school were also awarded for their academic and other achievements. Patna commissioner K P Ramaiah, who was the chief guest, gave away the prizes and congratulated the students for their achievements. \"Students are the future of our country,\" he said and praised the cultural programme presented by the school students.Priyanka Kumari (Science, 94.6%), Pankaj Kumar (Commerce, 89.2%) and Abhishek Kumar (Arts, 88.4%) were honoured for topping in their respective streams in the school. As many as 35 other students were honoured for getting ten out of ten CGPA (cumulative grade point average) in board exams. More than 100 students were awarded for their achievements in extra-curricular activities.The programme began with 'Saraswati vandana' and welcome songs. The students also presented folk dance items of various states. Primary section children got applause for their 'fairy dance' while the secondary section presented the Gujarati dandia and also staged a Hindi skit, 'Reedh ki Haddi'.School principal R K Sinha presented the school's annual report at the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038937", "title": "Cine relics star at World Book Fair", "text": "NEW DELHI: According to the \"student's progress chart\" from November 1943, Gurudutt Padukone was \"good\" in the general classes and kathakali and \"fair\" in games. This record of actor-filmmaker Gurudutt's performance as a student at Uday Shankar India Culture Centre, Almora, is one of the many gems to be found at \"Point of View\" - an exhibition on 100 years of Indian cinema, literature that inspired it and books based on it - at the 20th New Delhi World Book Fair. To sum up, the pavilion brings out Indian cinema's rendition of literature, and was a hit on the first day.The compilation, \"Your Gurudutt - Intimate Letters of a Great Indian Filmmaker\", also includes photos of Gurudutt's passport, UK driving licence and many letters, even love letters, to \"Geetu\" - Geeta Dutt. \"Bajanaama - A Study of Early Indian Gramophone Records\", a large number of books of screenplays and lyrics, a still from a deleted scene in Pyasa (1957), and classic posters are all part of the display.There are gramophones and film reels and an Arriflex (Model 2C) 35mm camera used by Satyajit Ray to shoot Ghare Baire (1985). Here, movies can be watched in two ways - through the bioscope and with projector and screen. There will be a number of screenings of classic films over the next few days - Pather Panchali (1955), Sahib Biwi aur Ghulam (1962), Umrao Jaan (1981), Devdas (1936), among others.There is, however, little about legends like Dev Anand , who died in a heart attack just a couple of months ago. Otherwise, cinema's engagement with literature is amply revealed through the 300 titles on Indian movies. As you enter the exhibition two posters with images from popular films greet you. A court scene from 'Aam Admi' and Sanjay Dutt reading about Gandhi in library in 'Lage Raho Munna Bhai' remind you how Indian movies find resonance with the multitudes, and not just the elite.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12038996", "title": "Crucial state posts lie vacant", "text": "MUMBAI: For the first time in the recent past, crucial government posts are lying vacant for a period ranging between one month and two years, owing to chinks in the Congress-NCP government over filling up key posts.Advocate-general Ravi Kadam, the principal legal advisor to the state government, resigned on January 17, but so far, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has not taken any steps to appoint his successor. Kadam has been holding the key post for last seven years, during the tenure of CMs Vilasrao Deshmukh, Ashok Chavan and Prithviraj Chavan. Kadam quit for personal reasons, saying he was keen to practice independently. According to reports, more than a dozen leading lawyers, including a few from Nagpur and Pune, are knocking at the CM's doors for the post. After the term of chief information commissioner Vilas Patil ended six months ago, the CIC's post is also vacant. Patil had given charge to Pune information commissioner Vijay Kuvalekar, who completed his five-year tenure on February 7. Besides the CIC's post, the posts of Pune, Mumbai and Konkan division information commissioners are lying vacant. As per the RTI Act, the CIC and other commissioners are selected by a committee comprising the chief minister, deputy chief minister and leader of the Opposition in the legislative assembly.The post of chairperson of the state human rights commission has been lying vacant from Thursday following the resignation of Justice K R Vacant, who had been holding the post for the last four years. Besides the chairperson's post, the posts of two members of the commission are also lying vacant. Commissioner member T Singarvel's term ended in October 2011, while another member's, Justice V G Munshi's, ended on February 15. These posts too are to be filled by a committee headed by the chief minister.More shocking is the failure of the state to appoint a vice-chairman and managing director of the city and industrial development corporation (Cidco). Following the retirement of veteran bureaucrat G S Gill on March 31, 2010, the crucial post has been lying vacant and the charge is currently being held by a secretary-level bureaucrat.While there was no response from the CM, a former chief secretary said, \"The government, particularly the CM, must set a deadlineon filling up posts, otherwise it will have an adverse impact on the administration. The Congress-NCP government must immediately give up the practice of ad hocism,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12039854", "title": "Barack Obama calls US commander in Afghanistan, offers condolences", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama has called the top US military commander in Afghanistan to discuss the current situation in the war-ravaged nation following the shooting deaths of two American advisers to the Afghan interior ministry.\"We welcome President (Hamid) Karzai's statement this morning encouraging peaceful expressions, and his call for dialogue and calm,\" the White House said in a statement following the telephonic conversation between Obama and Gen John R Allen.Obama called Allen to discuss the ongoing violence in Afghanistan and the tragic killing of two US service members yesterday, the White House said adding the president expressed express condolences for the loss of American lives.\"The President thanked General Allen for all of the measures he is taking to protect our service members and civilians in Afghanistan and to encourage calm,\" said the statement.\"The US remains committed to a partnership with the government and people of Afghanistan, as we work to realise our shared goal of disrupting, dismantling and defeating al-Qaida and strengthening the Afghan state,\" it said.Yesterday, a gunman killed two US military advisers with shots to the back of the head inside the high security ministry building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037976", "title": "Kingfisher: Titanic fate or Satyam way?", "text": "There is perhaps total unanimity in the country that the cash-starved Kingfisher Airlines should not be given a government bailout. The reasons for this conclusion can be varied. Some aver that private entities should, as a principle, never be extended government support and, if in sinking mode, be allowed to go the Titanic way. Others have concluded that because the airline has been grossly mismanaged, with wrong strategic decisions being taken by an unresponsive management, Vijay Mallya deserves neither sympathy nor financial support. Whatever the reasons, the consensus is overwhelmingly against a bailout.What does the denial of bailout mean for Kingfisher? Gradual, if not immediate, passing into oblivion because the airline has not only exhausted all possible sources of funding, with the exception of FDI by foreign airlines, but also owes huge sums of money to all associates - airport operators, oil companies, leasing companies, suppliers of spare parts, other airlines with interline arrangement, tax authorities, and of course, the employees. With over 50% of the aircraft fleet presently inoperative, matters have only been allowed to worsen, as revenues can't be enhanced when fewer flights are operated and aircraft on the ground also impose a cost burden on the airline. Thus only a financial windfall can infuse life into a near-bankrupt Kingfisher.What will the absence of Kingfisher from the Indian skies mean if the life support is not extended? To the country, loss of income arising from various taxes; to the travelling public, scarcity of flights and high fares on other airlines; to the airports, loss of income; to the employees, loss of jobs? If cancellation of a few flights last week could wreak havoc at airports in terms of inconvenience to passengers and result in skyrocketing airfares, one can visualize what the total shutdown of Kingfisher with a 20% capacity share can possibly cause.One can, of course, argue that if Kingfisher goes into oblivion, another airline can be created or the existing airlines can be allowed to enhance capacity by inducting more aircraft. Well, yes, but it will take the new airline and even the existing airlines time to induct additional capacity, presuming that they can afford to do so with their current state of finances. It will also be foolhardy to ignore what we all know from our past experience - that a new airline, and even an existing airline expanding capacity, will in its endeavour to garner market share and record high seat occupancy factor sell tickets at still lower fares than prevailing at present. That, we all know, is one of the significant causes for the losses being suffered by all airlines, with the exception of Indigo. Can the carriers bear enhanced losses for a further period of time without seeing their finances go into a tailspin? No! All airlines would like the nightmarish business environment of high operational costs and low fares to end as soon as possible.While not being an advocate for Kingfisher, there is nevertheless some merit in the government pondering over extending indirect support to it for its survival. In addition to the reasons cited above, public sector banks have a sizable exposure in the airline and own a 23% stake. Further, Kingfisher presently owes the government and government-owned entities significant sums of money. How will they recoup their money if the obituary of Kingfisher is to be written now? These are harsh realities that can't be simply overlooked; hence the need for taking a more pragmatic and objective view.Had Air India , as a government airline, been a financially strong entity, one could have ventured to suggest Kingfisher's management takeover for a temporary period by it. But unfortunately, the national carrier itself is in no better shape. So the only options left are - deny the financial bailout and allow Kingfisher to pass into oblivion; give limited indirect help through measures like direct ATF import but still see the airline struggle for survival, or extend adequate financial support and place a management team of professionals like the government had done in the case of Satyam and then allow its takeover by a professional company, a la Satyam, so that the interests of all stakeholders can be protected.The writer is former executive director of Air India", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039471", "title": "Students on board to decide new syllabi for Madras university", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras has decided to include students in drawing up new syllabi and give their views on updating existing courses in each department. Four student representatives, including two alumni and two final year students, will have to be part of the department board of studies. It also decided to start to start seven new courses and five new departments from the new academic year.On queries by some academic council members on the inclusion of student representatives, vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam said on Saturday, \"I came to know that the board of studies of some departments has drawn up courses without the participation of non-academic members. Industry-academic collaborations are not possible without expert advice and suggestions from outside.\"He said the board of studies could meet any number of times to decide on the course content, and that the involvement of students was mandatory. The management and criminology departments were already making use of alumni with good results. Affiliated colleges too could adopt this, he said.Educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi said, \"Such a move could help departments gauge industry expectations from students. But, the students should have exposure and should be able to contribute suggestions.\"The chairpersons of the board of studies of all departments, who have decided to constitute a committee to recommend a new pattern of question papers for both undergraduate and postgraduate departments, have been askd to convene a meeting in two months to come up with proposals for new courses and new subjects.The university has decided to start MA in Christian Scriptures; Jain Studies; Saiva Siddhanta, Saiva Agamas and Panniruthirumurai Classics; South and Southeast Asian Studies; MPhil in Saiva Siddhanta; PG Diploma in Sociology of Development; and Diploma in Buddhism under the choice based credit system. Admissions to the courses will begin from the academic year 2012-2013. Five new departments - network systems and information technology, bio-informatics, material science, social work and women studies in the university will be started in the next academic year.A committee to identify vacancies in each department has been constituted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044335", "title": "Harris inaugurates Sonia Agarwal's music school", "text": "Music director Harris Jayaraj was the chief guest at the launch of actress Sonia Agarwal's new music school Sound Garage today.After inaugurating the school, Harris also played a few tunes on the keyboard which had the invitees spell bound. He also congratulated Sonia for taking up the initiative to present a platform where talented youngsters could train themselves and become expert musicians.The school will be run by Saurabh Agarwal, a young musical talent and brother of actress Soniya Agarwal, who conceptualized this vision, being strongly inspired by his teacher. The duo now is working at getting an affiliation to the prestigious Trinity College of London .The event saw many of Kollywood's celebs turning up to make it a really starry affair. The guest list included actor Arya and bombshells Namitha and Sona, who added some oomph and glamour to the do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038181", "title": "Only 3.5% Vibrant power MoUs commissioned, govt tells House", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Of the Rs 780 lakh crore investment that was promised for the power sector during the Vibrant Gujarat Global Investment Summit, only 3.50% investment has been made.Replying to question of Congress's Karjan MLA, Chandubhai Dabhi, minister of state for finance Saurabh Patel said that during the Vibrant summits held in 2009 and 2011, 229 memoranda of understanding were signed. Of these, 35 projects amounting to Rs 27,170 crore had become operational, he said.The leader of Opposition, Shakitsinh Gohil, said that since of the Rs 780 lakh crore promised, projects worth only Rs 27,170 crore had been commissioned, the MOU value coming into fruition was 3.5% of the amount pledged. He said the government had been spending crores of rupees for organizing such Vibrant summits but when it came to translating MoUs into real business, the government had failed.As for Patel, he said that projects worth Rs 122 lakh crore were at the implementation stage and projects worth Rs 661 lakh crore at the preliminary stage.\"No project has been withdrawn, no investor has written any letter to the state informing us of withdrawal,\" Patel said. Usually, it takes five to six years for a project to get commissioned. And hence several projects are awaiting approval and clearance from the central government, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039020", "title": "Peeved, Farooq complains against fake Twitter account", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when there is a raging debate over freedom of expression for various networking sites, some of those using Twitter have managed to anger a politician by faking his account.Union minister for new and renewable energy Farooq Abdullah has registered a complaint with Delhi Police against unknown persons for opening a fake Twitter account in his name and posting \"some objectionable, indecorous and intemperate things\" on the networking site.The case, in all probability, will be investigated by the cyber wing of the EOW of the crime branch. The special cell will provide technical support.A spokesperson of the ministry of new and renewable energy said the fake account was opened in Abdullah's name by some unknown persons. He clarified that the minister had never opened any such account nor did he authorize anyone to do so on his behalf.\"A complaint in this regard has already been lodged with Delhi Police with the request to initiate immediate investigation,\" the spokesperson said.He said Abdullah has expressed anguish at \"such misuse of social networking sites by unscrupulous elements, which are otherwise a boon for spreading information and freedom of expression.\"He said the Union minister has expressed his anger that \"someone in his name has been posting some objectionable, indecorous and intemperate things\".Sources in Delhi police said that leading personalities like sportspersons and film stars too had earlier lodged complaints with them regarding opening of fake accounts.\"Last year, there was a 123% increase in complaints pertaining to this category,\" said an officer.He cited the examples of fake Twitter accounts of many players. They have already drawn a huge list of dedicated followers and it keeps growing with every passing day.There are four fake accounts of cricketing icon Mahendra Singh Dhoni on the networking site. Dhoni's agents and family members have made it clear that the Indian captain does not have an account on Twitter, seeking to dissociate themselves from the handiwork of a prankster who operates the page.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12039320", "title": "TET Scam: Gangster's Act slapped on Sanjay Mohan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Akbarpur police on Saturday imposed Gangster's Act on former director of the Secondary Education Board Sanjay Mohan, who is accused of taking money from Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) candidates by promising them success in the exam. District and sessions judge, Ramabai Nagar, Ali Zamin, had on February 16 sent Mohan in judicial remand for two days.Akbarpur SHO Dinesh Chandra Tripathi on Saturday said: \"Former director of the Madhyamik Shikshak Board and nine others has been slapped with Gangster's Act following their involvement in TET scam.'' The other nine accused are: Narendra Pratap Singh, Ramashankar Mishra, Binay Singh, Ratan Kumar, Amrendra Kumar, Manish Chaturvedi alias Mohan, Madhav Singh alias Manvendra, Hemant Kumar and Yogesh Kumar.Meanwhile, Ramabai Nagar district judge Ali Zamin on Saturday adjourned the hearing on the bail application of Mohan when the district government counsel moved a written submission and stated that the case diary and other relevant material was summoned by the High Court to hear a petition filed by Mohan. The judge fixed March 1 as next date of hearing.On February 8, the Akbarpur police had arrested Mohan and sought three days police remand. The district government counsel (Criminal) submitted that during investigations, it came to light that Mohan was still holding a sum of Rs 35 lakh and that other senior officials were also involved in the scam. Therefore, the police be allowed to take him on remand. Mohan was charged with cheating, criminal conspiracy and under the Anti-Corruption Act. On same day, the state government suspended him from his post.The police had raided his residence in Lucknow and recovered a sum of Rs 4,86,900 and a photocopy of the list of TET candidates on February 7. The original list was recovered from a group of five persons who were arrested by the Akbarpur police on December 31. The Special Task Force (STF) deployed for carrying the probe helped in arresting four more persons on January 6 and two others on January 9.Held for the first time on November 13, TET is for recruitment of teachers in primary and upper primary schools. The entrance test was surrounded by anomalies since the beginning. As many as 11,53,155 aspirants appeared for the test. Out of this, 2.70 lakh candidates successfully qualified TET, the result of which was announced on November 26.The aspirants were given a copy of their answer sheets. To ensure transparency, all answers were uploaded on the website. Hence, it came to light that there were some wrong questions in the paper. The aspirants had then approached the high court. On December 16, the high court cancelled six questions. The modified result was announced on December 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12037555", "title": "Mother Dairy booths to sell veggies soon", "text": "KOLKATA: Spiralling vegetable prices may be burning holes into consumers' pockets, but farmers hardly benefit as middlemen devour lion's share of the rising prices. To bring out a change in the scheme of things, the government has devised a plan to procure the products directly from the farmers, thus flushing out the \"middleman\" factor, which swells consumers' budget and denies the farmers their dues.The products, after being bought from the farmers, will be sold through Mother Dairy outlets in and around Kolkata on an experimental basis.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee has been harping on this issue since she came to power. She had even set up a committee comprising agricultural marketing minister Arup Roy, animal resources development minister Nure Alam Chowdhury and food processing minister Ujjal Biswas to keep an eye on the market prices and suggest measures to put a cap on the prices. The committee decided for government intervention at a meeting on Saturday.\"People suffered last year from rising vegetable prices. In a bid to avert such a situation, we have devised a mechanism where farmers can directly sell their produce to Mother Dairy booths. Farmer groups will be formed for this purpose,\" Roy said.The pilot project envisages farmers to sell their produce at a price that includes their margin plus the carrying cost to the Mother Dairy outlets. The employees at the outlet will then add to that price a small amount as service charge and make the fresh produce available to consumers.The project's soft launch is targeted around the Bengali New Year for which 65 Mother Diary booths have been chosen in Kolkata, Salt Lake and Howrah where the farmers will be sending their produce in air-conditioned vans. Later, all 1,200 Mother Diary booths in the state will come under the project.\"Around 9,000 farmers from North and South 24-Parganas and Nadia will be chosen for the project. These farmers will be divided into around 850 groups with whom our officials will coordinate for buying vegetables. The produce will go to the booths in air-conditioned vans provided by the horticulture department,\" Roy said.The Mamata government has been exploring ways to check spiralling prices. Last August, on her 100{+t}{+h} day in office, the chief minister visited two major markets in the city to check out vegetable prices, which in some instances have more than trebled since a flood-like situation prevailed in some parts of the state last year.The chief minister had then asked chief secretary Samar Ghosh to initiate an inquiry to find out the real cause behind the abnormal price rise. \"The government will inquire and investigate the entire matter. Obviously, the farmers are not getting the benefits of this price rise,\" the chief minister had said, adding that some middlemen were perhaps making supernormal profits. \"We will keep a close watch on the situation,\" she said. Of course, political observers are seeing it as a means to win the hearts of the thousands of Bengal cultivators, who would be exercising their voting rights for the panchayat elections next year.Undoubtedly, among the various pro-farmer measures, Saturday's decision seems to be the most pragmatic ever. Roy said, \"We must send out a clear message to middlemen that they can no longer rule the roost. The farmer will get the legitimate price for his produce and the government has thrown its weight behind him.\"EndsChief minister Mamata Banerjee is going the whole hog to protect farmers from middlemen. Come April and cultivators will be able to sell vegetables directly from Mother Diary booths.The decision to launch the pilot project was taken at a meeting convened by ministers Arup Roy (agriculture and marketing) Nure Alam Chowdhury (animal resource development) and Ujjal Biswas (horticulture) at Writers' Buildings on Saturday. At the end of the meeting, the agriculture marketing minister told reporters, \"Last year, the inflated prices of vegetables created havoc in the state. To prevent a recurrence this year, we have decided to have the farmers sell their produce directly to the consumers. Farmer groups will be formed so that they can directly have their produce sent from the fields to Mother Diary booths and sell them.\"The project's soft launch is targeted around the Bengali New Year for which 65 Mother Diary booths have been chosen in Kolkata, Salt Lake and Howrah where the farmers will be sending their produce in air-conditioned vans. Later, all 1,200 Mother Diary booths in the state will come under the project.Roy said, \"Around 9,000 farmers from North and South 24-Parganas and Nadia will be chosen for the project. These farmers will be divided into around 850 groups with whom our officials will coordinate for selling vegetables. The produce will go to the booths in air-conditioned vans provided by the horticulture department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039517", "title": "How to win an Oscar", "text": "The 84th Academy Awards are upon us. Tonight, months of suspense, debate and discussion will give way to smiles and speeches as a lucky few are chosen to etch their names on to 13.5-inch pieces of cinema history.The showpiece of the near four-hour event will be the announcement of this year's Best Picture, chosen from a shortlist of nine nominees. It's the mantelpiece filler that all filmmakers dream about; but it's also one of the most predictable prizes in the industry. In fact, if the past few decades have taught us anything, it's that there is a tried-and-tested recipe for Oscar success; a specific formula to follow in order to stake a claim for a Best Picture gong.Or is there?...Make a biopic To say the Academy has a soft spot for biopics would be an understatement. It's got a full-blown gooey centre for them. Nothing says ''potential Oscar winner'' like a heart-warming true story, particularly if it reveals the human side of a well-known public figure. All of which should have meant that The Iron Lady and Clint Eastwood's J Edgar should have been a shoo-in for the Best Picture gong. They weren't. But Moneyball's presence among the nominees still shows the Academy has a soft spot for stardust-sprinkled true stories.Man up Over the past 83 years, 126 actors have had the distinction of starring in two or more Best Picture winners. But just 10 per cent of these Oscar magnets were women. All of which means that you can exclude The Help from this year's potential winners and instead focus on Extremely Loud And Incredibly Close and The Descendants.Hire a famous and/or male director Female directors are conspicuous by their absence in the history of the Best Picture category - unless of course you're Kathryn Bigelow , of The Hurt Locker fame. Step forward then Academy favourites Alexander Payne , Martin Scorsese and Steven Spielberg, all of whom have released Oscar bait in the form of The Descendants, Hugo and War Horse.Know your audience The exact roster of the 5,765 Academy members who'll be voting for this year's winners is a closely guarded secret. But recent research by the Los Angeles Times revealed Oscar voters are nearly 94 per cent Caucasian and 77 per cent male, with an average age of 62, which perhaps goes some way to explaining why success at the box office rarely translates to Academy Awards.Silence isn't necessarily golden The Artist, Michel Hazanavicius' love letter to silent cinema is up for an impressive 10 awards. It is even the bookies' favourite. But then again, the Academy hasn't handed the Best Picture honour to a silent film since the rise of the talkies.Give it a snappy title Sixty-one of the 83 Academy Awards handed out for Best Picture have been given to films with titles that are three words or less.Make it long Only five of the past 30 winners have come in with a running time of less than 120 minutes. That won't make pleasant reading for Midnight In Paris, which at just 94 minutes is the shortest of this year's hopefuls.Don't make 'em laugh Comedy is perennially undervalued by the Academy when it comes to Oscars night. It doesn't look good then for Woody Allen's Midnight In Paris nor comic-drama The Descendants.Keep the British end up More than half (53 per cent) of the past 30 Best Picture winners have been about, directed by or starred Brits.Go to war Nearly half (41) of the 83 Best Picture winners will testify to that. Animals are also a big favourite: Uggie in The Artist, Joey in War Horse; as are people that have to overcome a disability, social prejudice or some form of addiction as part of an uplifting moral tale. In other words, the only way that Spielberg's War Horse could be a firmer favourite for this year's Best Picture gong would be if its equine protagonist was a colour-blind mule trying to raise a family and hold down a steady job while struggling to cope with a ketamine addiction.Make it period If you can't make your film about Britain then at least set it in the past. The Academy has a habit of mistaking sepia-tinged subject matter for quality film-making.And the Oscar goes to... So there you have it. This year's Best Picture Oscar will go to a film probably based in Britain, and almost definitely set in the past. It will take place during a time of war and the action will revolve around some kind of animal or at the very least a child. It will contain an uplifting moral tale, which a famous director will refuse to edit below the two-hour mark. While the smart money seems to be on The Artist, Steven Spielberg should probably clear a space on his mantelpiece, just in case.--THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039662", "title": "College drop-out's fuel-saving theory gets thumbs up", "text": "BHOPAL: Determined not to give up easily, city-based engineering college drop-out rigorously kept on working on a concept of saving fuel. The man with never-day-die attitude, Deepak Malviya, did not let shortage of funds stop him from achieving what he had set out to do two years ago.The result is his two years of hard work paid off. Deepak, who has applied for patent, says \"My application for patenting the concept is accepted.\"He said \"I started working on the project almost two years ago.\" He put up a stall at the national science exhibition, which began at the Lal Parade Grounds on Saturday. And he takes pains to explain the benefits of his theory with the help of paper and drawing to the visitors. \"My father has been a motivating factor. I am happy to say that my project is complete.\"\"I wanted to pursue engineering, but family conditions forced me to stop studying,\" Deepak said. Later, he completed diploma in engineering to fulfill his dreams. He has a diploma in engineering.Taking about the project, Deepak said the principle of the device is based on theory of magnetism. \"I have proposed a device comprising a magnetic assembly to run an internal combustion engine both with fuel and magnet. The design and method can vary depending on the capacity, number of cylinders, type of fuel used, required efficiency and power of an internal combustion engine,\" Deepak explained.As for his choice of project, he said, \"Saving fuel is the major challenge for the world as resources are finite and limited.\"The man with never-day-die attitude, Deepak Malviya, did not let shortage of funds stop him from achieving his goal", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037786", "title": "City doctor uses iPad software for accuracy in operation", "text": "JAIPUR: A doctor at Fortis Escorts Hospital conducted a surgery on Saturday using an iPad. A software in the iPad was used for accuracy in a hip and knee replacement operation. These operations when done with absolute accuracy require a revision operation much later than those done without such accuracy.\"A slight difference of even two or three degrees can make all the difference. But we want to delay the revision operation among patients. Every hip and knee replacement implants have their own life. So we have to conduct the hip and knee replacement with accuracy,\" said orthopedic surgeon Anoop Jhurani.\"A surgery conducted with accuracy gives life to hip implants up to 25 years. If it is inaccurate a revision surgery will be required after 12-15 years.As more youngsters require hip implants because of accidental injuries, or due to consumption of liquor and steroid, accurate hip replacement is necessary so that they last long,\" he added.He conducted the operation by making use of iPad for accuracy, which he claimed was the first such operation in the country. The operations were transmitted live from Jaipur to Chennai, where the orthopedic surgeon conference was taking place on Saturday.During hip replacement surgeries, the surgeons have to set femur or thigh bone in the cup-shaped socket of the hip joint in the pelvic bone, which is also known as acetabular cup placement.Dr Jhurani used the accelerometer technology which uses 3-dimensional data to determine the position of the iPad. He placed the iPad on acetabular cup introducer. It gave him 2 dimensional position of the iPad and both these angles were projected on the same screen. \"We can determine the ideal angles of acetabular cup introducer by placing the iPad on it. The ideal angles are anteversion 15\u00b0 and lateral inclination 45\u00b0. So, we can get the accuracy of angles by making use of iPad,\" Jhurani said.Similarly, he used clinometer in knee replacement.He said for durable knee replacement, the upper surface of tibia should be flat. \"I used clinometer application of iPad,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037671", "title": "Physics I paper was lengthy: Students", "text": "NAGPUR: Mostly the HSC students found the Physics I paper lengthy and felt two hours weren't enough to finish the whole paper. The added guideline in the paper, asking to write one question on one page, was also missed by many, leaving students apprehensive.Shivdayal Bedi, physics lecturer, Shivaji Science College, said, \"Usually there are five notes which are pretty common, but now a sixth one has been added. Many students it seems would have missed it as they focused only on the questions. However, they need not worry about loosing marks as the note is a guideline; if they follow it then it becomes easier for the valuator to spot the marks.\"However, not reading the entire question paper may lead to students loosing out on a couple of marks. \"Question 2B was about banking of road and students were asked for the permissible speed for curved and horizontal. Usually the pattern of this question does not talk about curved and horizontal and many students answered it incompletely. Hence it is important to read the entire question,\" advised Bedi.Students found the paper to be quite lengthy, because of which many students were unable to solve the complete numerical section. \"The paper was simple and predictable as many questions of previous years were repeated. But the numerical section was tough and time-consuming. It was impossible to attempt all the four-marks numerical as there was no time left,\" said a student Parv Saxena.Another student, Poonam Mishra, agreed and added that even the theory questions demanded a lot of time. \"They were very lengthy and almost every question demanded a diagram. Many students missed the questions given at the end of the paper,\" she said.\"In the first glance, the paper seemed to be very easy. But when I started solving it, I realized that it is very lengthy and two hours are not enough to attempt all the questions. Time- management played an important role for this paper,\" said Avantika Deo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "12038805", "title": "Panel to go ahead with 1 crore linga plan", "text": "TUMKUR: Even as Tumkur's Siddaganga mutt seer Shivakumar swami has declined to have the Kotilingas (one crore lingas) on his mutt premises, the panel constituted for the purpose has decided to go ahead with the project.\"We not only had a plan to build this unique Shaivite temple, there was a proposal to start an institute to study and do research on Shiva temples in the country,\" minister SA Ramdas, one of the trustees, said. The seer had initially agreed to hand over land and participated in the foundation stone laying function last week.\"Now that the seer has backtracked from the project for reasons best known to him, we will go ahead with the project and build the temple elsewhere in the state,\" Ramdas said.The decision to acquire land and go ahead with the construction was taken in Bangalore on Saturday by the Kotilingeshwara Charitable trust panel chief and state BJP president KS Eshwarappa. The seer had disagreed to having the one crore lingas on his mutt premises as the foundation stone laying function led to a controversy with former CM BS Yeddyurappa's supporters being sidelined and the latter reportedly writing a letter to the seer in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "12038409", "title": "MGNREGA instalment released", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Fresh funds for schemes to be implemented under the MGNREGA in the district have been released with the second instalment of Rs 7.3 crore. Deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal said, \"Palamu is one of the few districts in the state, which has received the second instalment under MGNREGA.\"The second instalment is granted by the Union government only when a district reports 60% utilization of the first advance. \"Out of the Rs 7.3 crore received, Rs 6.7 crore has been given to 23 executing agencies for its utilization,\" said the DC.Singhal also said that there are no pending payments of wages. At least 286 new schemes under the MGNREGA have been sanctioned. Referring to a query on collapse of wells because of huge diameter of around 15 ft, she said, \"It is yet to be established whether this huge diameter is responsible for caving in of the wells.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037518", "title": "NIT, NMC on collision course over Gokulpeth market", "text": "NAGPUR: Fresh controversy is on the anvil between Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) and Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) as the latter has proposed to construct a commercial complex at Gokulpeth market where the former had already planned one in 2007.Passing the budget for 2012-13 financial year on Friday, NIT has proposed to undertake 15 developmental works on public private partnership (PPP) model. The construction of commercial complex at Gokulpeth market is one among the 15 works. However, the proposal will create fresh disputes between the NMC and NIT which was not seen in last year or so.Confirming the proposal, an engineer of NIT told TOI, the Gokulpeth market comes under the jurisdiction of NIT. \"NMC was given the land for running the market. Being the owner, NIT has proposed to construct the commercial complex in next fiscal. A detailed project report will be prepared to facilitate a swanky complex accommodating the vegetable market and existing shop owners,\" he said.In 2007, NMC had planned to construct five swanky malls in various parts of the city and one of them was proposed at Gokulpeth market. Even, the tenders were floated and work order for construction was given to M/s Unity Infrastructure, Mumbai. As per agreement, the company was to construct the mall and pay Rs 126.416 crore to NMC. The shopping mall and multiplex was planned to be of ground floor plus three floors with sprawling parking space in the basement having capacity to accommodate 371 four-wheelers, 899 two-wheelers and 899 bicycles. On the first floor, 155 shops admeasuring 144 sq ft each were to be constructed followed by 50 shops of 142 sq ft each accommodating the existing 205 leaseholders. The second floor was to have food plaza, shops, theatre lobby and restaurant while entertainment zone, shops and theatre on the third floor.The work got delayed due to protests from existing shop owners. It was followed by recession and the company left the work. Later, NMC came up with a new plan in 2009 and was to float fresh tenders. The plan has remained on paper awaiting improvement in market condition.But, NIT has now entered into the ring by proposing a mall on the same land. However, the prime land admeasuring 1.11 lakh sq ft and located in high-price area like Gokulpeth has not been properly utilized for last many years.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal who is also a trustee in the NIT's board of trustees said, he has brought the issue to the notice of the Board members in the meeting. \"NMC had planned the mall before few years. However, the motive of NMC and NIT is same. In a positive note, NIT should agree to develop the mall on 50-50 partnership basis. The issue will not exist and also pave way for the mall,\" he said.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12040128", "title": "Police nab gang of five for abducting trader", "text": "NASHIK: The Bhadrakali police have arrested five miscreants for abducting a vegetable trader for ransom. While the accused have been arrested and the police are further investigating the case, it won't be easy for the trader to forget the ordeal he has been through.The alleged victim, Rohidas Korde (24), is a resident of Erandwada, Peth Phata, Panchavati and owns a vegetable trading business at the Panchavati market yard. Korde had stepped out on Thursday around 11am to go shopping for his sister's wedding, which is to take place in the following week. He was on his way to a garment shop, when he was stopped by five miscreants in an autorickshaw. The men intercepted his path, and accosted him with weapons, demanding Rs 1.5 lakh from him.The gang threatened Korde with death and forced him into the same autorickshaw that they were travelling in. The group halted the vehicle near a crematorium at Mhasrul. Here, they started beating up Korde, continuing to demand the money despite him repeatedly saying he didn't have that kind of money.Korde had Rs 1,100 on his person, which he immediately surrendered. One of the gang members used this cash to purchase alcohol, which they drank even as they continued to beat up the victim. Their violence turned intense when they threatened to cut off Korde's fingers. At this point Korde pleaded to speak with his wife. The latter managed to arrange Rs 15,000 after mortgaging her gold chain. Korde's wife reached with Rs 15,000 at 10pm that night at a location in Raviwar Karanja.The abductors took the cash, and went back to Mhasrul where they continued to harass Korde, finally letting him off on the condition that he cough up a lowered amount of Rs 50,000 the next day. The victim narrated the incident to his wife and lodged a complaint with the Bhadrakali police. The alleged gang of give was arrested the same night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12039855", "title": "Showcause notice to Cong candidate", "text": "KANPUR: Show cause notices had been issued against Congress candidate for Kidwai Nagar Assembly seat Ajay Kapoor and booth incharge of a polling centre by the returning officer on Friday.The returning officer took cognizance of a picture published in a newspaper on Friday. The Congress candidate had been depicted while casting his vote at booth number 18 in Nagar Mahapalika Gandhi Smarak Inter College. The returning officer said that they had violated the secrecy of polling and the act comes under the ambit of Section 128/131 of Peoples Representation Act 1951.He asked them to explain within three days why an FIR be not registered against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "12041236", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh governor bats for popularizing tea", "text": "ITANAGAR: As part of Arunachal Pradesh government's endeavour to bring socio-economic development in rural areas and to generate more employment avenues for the youth, Governor Gen J J Singh has called for bringing the state on the tea map of India.Presiding over a meeting of tea growers at Raj Bhavan here recently, the governor sought popularization of tea cultivation in the state, officials said on Thursday.Citing the huge demand of organic tea in the international market, he said tea can generate huge employment avenues. \"When jobs are available, our youths will not go the wrong way,\" he added.Emphasizing the role of Tea Board in ensuring implementation of tea projects, the governor insisted on regular meetings between the tea growers along with the nodal department and Tea Board officials.Calling for public-private-partnership (PPP) and cooperative modes in the tea cultivation, he said success stories of any northeastern state must be replicated and must see that the best practice is applied and projects are result-oriented.The governor suggested establishment of a committee for framing a tea policy for the state and a master policy for next five years, a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12040002", "title": "7 yrs on, Dasaswamedh blast memories still fresh", "text": "VARANASI: Seven years have passed since the terrorist blasts at Dasaswamedh rocked the city on February 23, 2005, but the memories of it are still afresh.To make matters worse, the closure of the blast case in 2010 only exposed the failure of government machinery on the terror front. It's worth mentioning here that when TOI tried to take stock of the process of the blast case on the eve of its anniversary, shocking facts come to light. The local police did not disclose anything about the outcome of the probe instituted in the case.It could not become clear as in which court, the file concerned was pending. Later the cops found that the file was in the court of chief judicial magistrate. Perhaps this was the first case of terrorist blast in UP in which the police gave its final report (FR) on failing to get evidence as well as clue about the terrorist modules which executed this plan.The blast had claimed seven lives, while nine persons had suffered serious injuries. Initially the cops considered it a blast of LPG cylinder. On the basis of a complaint by one Gopal Prasad Sahani, the police registered a case against Babulal Sahani, the owner of a tea kiosk where the explosion had taken place, and Sanju Sahani.Despite submission of a forensic report on March 7, 2005, which established that improvised explosive device containing ammonium nitrate was used in this explosion, the police continued investigating the matter on the 'cylinder blast' line. After another serial blasts at Sankat Mochan and Cantonment railway station on March 7, 2006, the cops showed interest in considering the February 23, 2005, Dasaswamedh blast as a terrorist activity and added the sections of 302, 307, 324, 326, 120 B of IPC and sections of Explosive Act in the case.The hearing in this case took place at CJM court on 13 dates between July 25, 2009, and August 18, 2010. Regarding the failure of the police, DIG Ram Kumar said that submission of FR in any case should not be considered that the case has been closed forever. Whenever any clue about the modules which executed the destructive plan or evidence would be collected, the case would be reopened, said the DIG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039580", "title": "MANIT student clears national quiz Round 1", "text": "BHOPAL: Neeraj Verma won the first stage of the national quiz competition, organized at Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) on Saturday. The first round of the quiz was organised by Mumbai International School of Business (MISB), Bocconi in association with SDA, Bocconi, and Milan , Italy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037892", "title": "Now, parliamentary panel to study suicide crisis", "text": "NAGPUR: A parliamentary standing committee will visit the farm suicide capital of Yavatmal on March 2. The 37-member committee, headed by Basudeo Acharya of CPM, will go to Pandharkawda and visit couple of villages to find out why farmers suicides continue unabated despite a plethora of measures taken by the government, providing relief to cotton growers of drylands of Vidarbha.This is the first time that such a large team of parliamentary committee will be visiting the region. The visit comes in the wake of reports that the actual number of farmers committing suicides and found eligible for compensation by the government has actually tripled last year. There are also reports that the government may consider yet another relief package for dry-land farmers whose economic plight has worsened in the last six years and the cases of loan defaults have recorded an alarming rise in the region. Another round of loan waiver can only make them eligible for fresh bank credits in the next kharif season.Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti, which is spearheading the cotton growers' cause for over a decade, will be meeting the standing committee members during the visit to Pandharkawda. The panel members will be taken to nearby villages of Bhamraja and Maregon to study the ground realities. \"Several such studies have been undertaken in the past. We only hope that the fresh attempt of the government will succeed in identifying the problem and ways to address it,' said Kishore Tiwari, VJAS president, on Saturday. He lamented that recommendation of high-profile reports of M S Swaminathan who headed the National Agricultre Commission and Prof Narendra Jadhav were never implemented.\"In 2006, the CM-PM package of Rs 5000 crore was followed by a massive loan waiver in 2008. As part of Rs 70,000 crore covering several states, Vidarbha region got a share of Rs 6000 crore. In 2009, the state government extended the loan waiver facility. Planning commission experts also visited the region and gave their report. In effect, a dozen such committees may have studied the farm crisis in Vidarbha. But a lasting solution to make agriculture sustainable has evaded the authorities till date,\" said Tiwari. There are fresh worries that cotton farmers have fallen prey to monopolistic designs of multinational seed companies producing genetically modified seeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12043049", "title": "MP: 4 arrested police claim to solve 20 theft cases", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal police's crime branch today claimed to have solved 20 cases of theft with the arrest of four persons from Bairagarh area and recovery of gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 10 lakh.Acting on a tip-off, crime branch sleuths, with personnel of Nishatpura Police Station, arrested Younus, Raju and Haasin from Bairagarh's Sarafa Market area where the accused had gone to sell the looted ornaments, Senior Superintendent of Police (SSP) Yogesh Choudhry told reporters.They were carrying the ornaments looted on February 16 from the Bairagarh area, he said. During the interrogation they also confessed to involvement in four other thefts in Bairagarh, 13 in Nishatpura Police Station area and two in Koh-e-Fiza Police Station area, he said. Rajesh alias Teelu, another member of the gang, was also arrested by the police.Though the accused's essential occupation was theft, to escape attention, they engaged in jobs such as welding, driving auto, tailoring. Some of them even got work at goldsmith's, the SSP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12038360", "title": "Confirmed railway tickets to all passengers mooted", "text": "PATNA: Railway ministry has mooted a proposal to provide confirmed tickets to all passengers in each class. Talks in this connection are at an initial stage between railway minister Dinesh Trivedi and Railway Board officials.If the proposal is implemented, passengers, particularly from Bihar, would benefit the most, at least during festivals when they are forced to pay hefty sums to agents and touts to get confirmed tickets for any destination. Railway ministry sources said under the proposed plan railways wants to run an identical train for those on the waitlist for any train.Railways could run an identical train with the same load combination on the same route. The average capacity of a full load train is of about 700 berths, including AC-1, AC-2, AC-3, sleeper and general bogies, sources said. During a recent meeting held with Board officials, Trivedi is learnt to have said, \"I am serious about a policy wherein every ticket-holder is guaranteed a confirmed berth. This is possible only when railways rolls out an identical train the same day and on the same route to cater to the needs of passengers.\"Though Trivedi's idea has evoked a positive response from the Board officials, railways would face constraints in implementing this proposal soon. In addition to financial constraints, it would be an uphill task for railways to ensure additional rakes for running identical trains across the country, a Board official said, adding the proposed plan would, of course, generate revenue for cashstrapped railways. Sources said the Board has agreed in principle to run identical trains to clear passenger rush during peak time, providing same amenities.A major hiccup for railways is that it has been running both passenger and goods trains on the same tracks making them fully saturated on several routes. Thus running identical trains everyday on congested routes is feasible. An ECR official said the proposed plan would give relief to passengers from Bihar. The most crowded routes in the state are Patna-Delhi, Patna-Pune, Patna-Mumbai, Patna-Chennai-Bangalore, Patna- Howrah and Patna-Cochin-Trivandrum. Confirmed tickets are not available on these routes the year round. The waitlist of passengers is more on the Patna-Chennai-Bangalore and Delhi-Mumbai routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12037356", "title": "Orissa puts curbs on tribal tourism", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With increasing concern about voyeuristic foreigners embarking on tribal safaris, the Orissa government on Saturday imposed strict rules for trips to areas inhabited by vulnerable tribal groups, such as Bondas and Dongaria Kondhs and even book those found contravening official guidelines. Tourists permitted into the area would not be allowed to stay night, stand close to tribals or enter their homes.The government had, following a row over tourists' visits to interior tribal zones in December, ordered a probe by IAS officer Usha Padhee.The new guidelines say no foreign tourist/researcher can visit areas inhabited by these groups without the collector's permission, which would be marked to the local police station. The cops have to ensure the conditions in the permission letter are strictly followed. \"In case of any violation criminal cases should be lodged against the tourist/sponsor/tour operator under appropriate sections of law,\" the chief minister's office said in a media release. No night stay, videos or still pictures would be allowed.Orissa has the second highest tribal population in the country and is home to 62 tribal communities, including 13 categorized as Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups (PVTG), numbering around 90,000. The PVTGs, namely, Bonda, Didayi, Lanjia Saura, Juang, Kutia Kondh, Chuktia Bhunjia, Saura, Paudi Bhuyan, Lodha, Dongria Kondh, Hill Khadia, Mankirdia and Bihor, spread over 12 districts, fascinate many because of their interesting rituals and customs. A similar incident had occurred in the Andamans.The government barred 'physical proximity' of tourists to tribals and entry to their homes. It has asked collectors not to permit amusement/entertainment of tourists by tribals. Tour operators intending to take tourists to areas where PVTGs reside shall have to register with the department of tourism and culture with certain additional conditions; they should not depict photographs, video clips, write-ups on PVTGs in their websites/brochures in an 'inappropriate manner' for tourism promotion; they should submit a monthly return of foreign tourists visiting areas inhabited or frequented by PVTGs, official sources said.Incidentally, the state government had in recent years relaxed restrictions, imposed earlier in 1995 following perceptible 'misrepresentation' of India by foreign tourists, to attract more overseas visitors. But it decided to reimpose those following the controversy over certain groups resorting to internet advertising showcasing scantily attired Bonda tribals and offering entertainment for tourists.The government move has not gone down well with people in the tourism sector as they feel 'responsible tourism' need to be encouraged instead of imposing restrictions. \"At least one-third of the foreigners visiting Orissa go to tribal areas to see PVTGs, especially Bonda in Malkangiri and Dongaria Kondh in Rayagada who still show up in traditional costumes,\" a tour official said. \"Due to threat from extremists, tourists seldom go to PVTG villages and prefer to visit haats where such tribal people come. The government should focus on building capacities of such communities so that they benefit from tourism while preserving their traditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039971", "title": "Writing poetry is a risky proposition in Manipur", "text": "COIMBATORE: Writing poetry is a risky occupation in Manipur. Though he masks the stark anger of his words in metaphors and similes, Birendrajit Naorem can't help messing with the powers that be. \"There are two kinds of powers at work in Manipur. The political power and extremist power are there on my two sides and I have to be very, very careful ,\" he says.When asked about the contentious Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958, that has scarred normal life in Manipur, the poet said it was absolutely necessary when viewed from the government's side. \"But it disturbs normal life,\" he said, even as he admitted that the quality of life has improved when compared to a decade ago.\"I began writing poetry 15 years ago. I wrote without understanding fully what I was writing about. But now I have a better understanding of the political climate and the turmoil. But I have always been guided by my feelings,\" he says.\"I don't like the political scenario. But I can't express myself fully. It is too risky. We still remain without any power to criticise the state,\" he said, adding that he was not satisfied that everything had been done towards developing the state in a better fashion.Throughout the interview, Birendrajit was torn between the need to come out against the corrupt and need to save his skin. \"I can't complaint in public,\" he finally said.\"The common man wants to move freely, but can't do so. The army is always watching us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "12039135", "title": "Experts oppose draft water policy", "text": "CHANDIGARH : The central government's move to seek opinion of the states on National Water Policy by February 29 has kicked up a storm of debate in Punjab, which has a rich share in rivers originating in the Himalayas.On Saturday, experts on water resources, academicians and leaders of various political parties debated the subject publicly to generate awareness on what the policy can spell for the state. Water, so far a state subject, is likely to become a national subject after the formulation of the legislation by the central government. This is being vociferously opposed by farmers in the state.Speaking at the seminar jointly organized by the Bharati Kisan Union (Siddhupur) and Internationalist Democratic Party (IDP) at Kisan Bhawan , former Punjab irrigation chief engineer G S Dhillon said, in Punjab 70% of water requirement for irrigation is being met through ground water through 14 lakh tube wells sunk by farmers themselves. \"The proposed water policy intends to impose an official control on the use of ground water and installing of the new tube wells would be allowed only after an official permission,\" he said.A majority of speakers favored the rejection of the draft water policy outrightly and professor Manjit Singh suggested formation a Peoples Water Commission to document the snatching of water resources from the states by the Centre. BKU president Pishaura Singh Sidhupur regretted that political leadership in Punjab has failed to protect the state's water resources from plundering by the Center and adjoining states. More than half of Punjab river waters had been taken away by a non-riparian state of Rajasthan without paying a single penny as royalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039391", "title": "Camp fires", "text": "Ego battles between star players have been integral to Indian cricket since we started playing internationals in 1932. In fact, no one should have the misconception that the 15 members of the Indian world cup winning team of 2011 were greatly fond of each other. But the thing is that you don't need to be friends to be gracious, or winning, teammates. Friendship isn't an essential ingredient in the making of a great sports team.Virender Sehwag and MS Dhoni have never been friends, for that matter. They need not be. They have, however, played with distinction and have shared the same determination when it comes to placing team above self interest. That's what won India the world cup.Question is: Can they continue to place team interest over personal egos and go forward? The ugliness in Australia has created a serious doubt and that, more than anything else, threatens to damage Indian cricket. The way the rift turned public, punches and counter punches were traded in press conferences, is evidence that the two stalwarts don't see eye to eye on most issues. What added to the confusion was the fact that Irfan Pathan and media manager G S Walia were sent to face the press in the media conference on Friday. Neither was equipped to do so and it only fuelled further speculation.Talking about in-house spats, Gary Kirsten had summed it up beautifully, \"You don't need 15 best mates to make a great team. You need 15 individuals who will back each other up on the pitch. Outside of it they may well have their own lives. All I want is when one of them stands under a catch in the world cup final, the other 14 must pray that he takes the catch. That's what makes a great cricket team.\"Frankly, it isn't bad for a cricket team to have a few ego battles on the side as long as the differences are not discussed in public. History serves as proof that these tiffs often get the best out of players. Pakistan benefited from the rivalry between Javed Miandad and Imran Khan when both tried to outdo each other on the field of play. Even Donald Bradman's Australians had their share of ego battles in the 1930s and 1940s. The relationship between Bradman and legendary spinner Bill O'Reilly was never pleasant. O'Reilly was a practising catholic and Bradman a protestant. The situation was such that O'Reilly and Stan Mccabe, yet another Australian legend of the time and the man who had scored an incredible 187 in the first Test of the Bodyline series in 1932, was summoned by the Australian Board to discuss the issue. Rumours were rife at the time that Bradman was instrumental in O'Reilly's dropping from the side. These differences, though, never preempted O'Reilly from giving his best to the team. He continues to be hailed as one of the best ever to have played the game.India has had its share. It started in the 1930s with C K Nayudu, Indian cricket's first superstar, falling out with Vijay Merchant. The fall-out happened when Lord Tennyson's Englishmen visited India for an unofficial Test series in November-December 1937. Nayudu was dropped from the team for the first Test and the reason given was his string of poor performances in domestic cricket. Interestingly, he hadn't played domestic cricket in 1936-37 and the real reason was Merchant did not want him in the team. He was, however, recalled for the second Test only to be told on the morning of the match that he was excluded from the playing 11. Merchant, who was captain and also one of the three selectors, allowed the injustice to pass.Two other ego battles that Indian cricket will forever remember were those between Bishen Bedi and Sunil Gavaskar in the 1970s, and Sunil Gavaskar and Kapil Dev in the 1980s. The Gavaskar-Kapil rift was such that NKP Salve, then BCCI president, had to step in to exercise control over the situation. Kapil's dropping from the Indian team captained by Gavaskar in 1984 contributed to the growing hostility. It was only after their respective retirements that these two legends patched up.And how can we forget the Navjot Sidhu and Mohammed Azharuddin face-off which resulted in the former walking out of the Indian team in England in 1996 to return home. Azharuddin never had a great relationship with Sachin Tendulkar either, prompting much speculation about team spirit at a time when Tendulkar was leading the side in 1996-7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037638", "title": "CJ bats for mediation to settle disputes", "text": "HYDERABAD: Batting for the role of \"mediation\" in the legal world, Chief Justice Madan B Lokur of the AP High Court on Saturday said it was an effective method of settling disputes.\"The process is confidential as the mediator will not reveal what he discussed with the parties privately,\" Justice Lokur said while addressing a seminar organised by the Bar association of State Consumer Commission. \"Parties approach the mediator with one dispute and often end up solving other problems too. A couple was involved in 25 cases and decided to part ways through mediation and all cases were settled at one go,\" the CJ said. Mediation is participative and it is the parties who decide. Parties have control over the proceedings, he said.Adding further, Lokur said mediation promotes finality and there is no question of appeal and revisions after a settlement is arrived through mediation.\"Mahatma Gandhi while practising as a lawyer in South Africa once succeeded at arbitration and also at court and surprisingly advised his client to go for mediation after the success. This was because, to make the defeated party pay up in accordance with the judgment, an execution petition has to be filed, an exercise that could go on for some more time. Since the defeated party is not in a capable position to pay, it would be better to give them an option of paying the same in installments after informing the same through mediation, Gandhiji told his client. All the parties involved were left happy and the payment was made in installments,\" the CJ explained stressing the need for mediation in today's world.Mediation is a win-win option, he said. In Delhi, the CJ said, from December 2009 to December 2011, a large number of consumer cases were resolved through mediation and most of them were settled in just a matter of a couple of days. Speaking for the state, civil supplies department commissioner Harpreeth Singh informed the audience that they had set up a State Consumer Information Centre and had solved 1,500 cases through the method of mediation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039426", "title": "Maduravoyal dacoity: Cops arrest 2 more", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police on Saturday arrested two more men, Santhosh and Sundar, involved in the van heist that took place on the Maduravoyal bypass road.On Januray 30, Santhosh and Sundar along with three others stopped a van carrying nearly Rs 22 lakh from Dhandapani and Co in Korattur to the Porur branch.Eight special teams had been formed to track down the men involved in the heist. The police arrested Mannan, Ganesh and the firm's assistant cashier, Ilangovan, who planned the heist. Ilangovan tipped off his friend Mannan about the money being transferred. He also gave the vehicle number, the time of its departure and where the money was hidden. The search is still on for one more member, Suresh. So far, the police have recovered Rs 7 lakh.Police said Santhosh works as a housekeeper and Sundar is an autorickshaw driver in Manali in Tiruvallur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gagalheri/deoband (saharanpur)", "code": "12038115", "title": "UP polls: Saharanpur to be a bumpy ride for BSP", "text": "GAGALHERI/DEOBAND (Saharanpur): After a back-breaking drive of 34km from Gagalheri to Deoband, which takes an unbelievable three hours on pothole-riddled roads, it is easier to relate with the cacophony of competing voices at the Gagalheri chowk in Saharanpur. What started as a casual chat among more than a dozen Muslims on who is going to get maximum votes of the community turned abusive soon, with the group divided between the Samajwadi Party and the Congress.Mayawati was not mentioned even in passing and that was surprising not just because the BSP had won five out of seven seats in Saharanpur in 2007, but also because Gagalheri is a part of the Harora constituency, from where Mayawati contested and won twice. Harora is now called Saharanpur Dehat.Some semblance of order was finally restored when two men, both in their early 30s, prevailed over others and doused the bickering with a firm pronouncement: the Samajwadi Party would bag the maximum votes, followed by the Congress. Farman Ali, the owner of a bike showroom, and Mohammed Musharraf, a physician, made the prediction.\"Look at the condition of roads; BSP had promised a Saharanpur bypass last time but it is nowhere to be seen,\" said Musharraf, describing Mayawati's proposal to connect Saharanpur with Noida through an eight-lane expressway as a cruel joke.Ali has no time for such niceties. \"BSP won maximum seats last time because apart from Jatavs, Muslims and Vaishyas also voted for her. The slogan this time for Muslims is not BJP bhagao but BSP bhagao,\" he added.With the BJP hardly making its presence felt other than the city seat, and with the party's poster boy Narendra Modi playing truant, the electoral language of Muslims seems to have changed here for the first time, with the BSP taking BJP's place as target No. 1. Saharanpur in western Uttar Pradesh, adjoined by Haryana and Uttarakhand, is proving to be the microcosm of the larger battle in the state with Mayawati, who can still count on Jatavs, fighting serious anti-incumbency issues and the Congress and the SP locked in a fierce duel to corner support from Muslims, who account for 40% of votes here.The Congress's attempts to provide a viable option in an area not exactly known as an SP stronghold, however, don't look convincing.After working tacitly to sabotage author Salman Rushdie's visit to Jaipur, in line with the demand from Deoband's Darul Uloom, it decided to blindly follow the SP deserter Qazi Rashid Mesood, even allowing him to choose all the party candidates. \"The morale of the Congress workers is down, and a win here or there will not change it,\" said a party worker.Rashid left the SP after a fallout with Mulayam's confidante Azam Khan. What has perked up Rashid followers, if not Congress's, is Darul Uloom's clandestine support to the Congress that is also reflected in the Rashtriya Lok Dal MP Mahmood Madani's campaign for the party. Madani is the general secretary of Jamiat-e-Ulema-i-Hind, described by many as an extension of Darul. A Darul cleric on Saturday confirmed that the seminary had an \"underground policy\" to support the Congress.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12037955", "title": "Official suspended for presenting bouquet to minister", "text": "YAVATMAL: The state government on Friday ordered district collector Shravan Hardikar to suspend a naib tehsildar of Darwha tehsil for violation of code of conduct.Hardikar said he suspended naib tehsildar Vishwambhar Rane, in-charge of Sanjay Gandhi Niradhar Yojana at Darwha tehsil, from Friday on an order received from Amravati divisional commissioner.The backdrop of the episode was that state industry minister Narayan Rane visited Darwha during the campaigning to the municipal council elections. Minister Rane had addressed an election meeting held there for the support of Congress candidates. During the function, naib tehsildar VL Rane climbed up the stage and presented a bouquet to Narayan Rane.The meeting was over and the minister left the venue. However, a local media person noticed this and lodged a written complaint before the State Election Commission and demanded action against Rane.An inquiry that followed substantiated the allegations and a proposal for Rane's suspension was forwarded to the Amravati divisional commissioner for his approval. The suspension came into effect after the divisional commissioner approved the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037829", "title": "Now, post your ideas for corporation budget on mayor's FB page", "text": "KOCHI: Kochi Corporation has invited budget suggestions from the public through a social networking website. This is probably the first time the civic body has sought people participation and ideas for preparing the budget. Internet-savvy mayor Tony Chammany has put forward this idea on his official Facebook page.Posting the invitation on his wall, Chammany said he had discussed many budget proposals with organizations like the Chamber of Commerce and Kerala Management Association. \"Those with innovative ideas or suggestions can share them. Any model successfully implemented in other cities too can be put forward. Those which are feasible will be considered in the forthcoming budget,\" said the mayor.The post, which appeared on Saturday, evoked a few suggestions from his followers. Commenting on the request,Sangeetha Mathew, a netizen said an efficient water management system is needed in the city's high-rise buildings. She stressed the need to implement a system through which waste water could be pumped back to toilets.Mathew Joseph, a follower, pointed out the significance of having conventional toilets with good ventilation, natural lighting and proper maintenance. \"Please do not forget to set up paid public toilets, managed by some NGO throughout the city. Make it mandatory to clean it everyday with a high pressure washing system. Do not go for electronic unmanned systems as in our tropical climatic conditions, this will be a failure,\" he said.Meanwhile, Toby Joseph another follower wanted the mayor to incorporate stringent measures to check violation of floor area ratio (FAR). He wanted builders to provide sufficient parking facilities and impose heavy fines on those who use parking spaces for commercial purpose. The mayor gave an assurance that he along with the deputy mayor and a team of officials would go through these suggestions. Chammany also expressed his willingness to meet people who come forward with budget proposals. \"You can send your ideas through Facebook or meet me with your proposals at my office or residence at Kaloor during visiting hours,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038960", "title": "Govt shortlists 3 names for CIC top post", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has shortlisted former Intelligence Bureau chief Rajiv Mathur, ex-environment secretary Vijai Sharma and Syndicate Bank CMD Basant Seth as new Information Commissioners of the Central Information Commission.A panel headed by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has shortlisted these three names against existing vacancies in the CIC. The panel includes Union law minister Salman Khurshid and Leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj.Sources said that a formal announcement on the appointment of new information commissioners would be made shortly.Mathur, a 1972 batch IPS officer of Uttar Pradesh cadre, has served IB for nearly three decades, including a 15-year stint in Washington. He took over the reigns of the agency in January, 2009. Sharma, a 1974 batch IAS officer from UP cadre, was secretary in the environment ministry. He had retired in December, 2010.Seth, who is the CMD of Syndicate Bank, Bangalore, has held senior positions in Small Industries Development Bank and Bank of India .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12038938", "title": "CR issues list of ID proof documents for train travel", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway has issued a list of nine prescribed proof of identity documents for passengers travelling by AC chair car, 3AC, 2AC, 1AC and executive class.These include voter photo identity card, passport, PAN card, driving licence, photo identity card having serial number issued by central/state government, photo identity card with photograph issued by recognized school/college, nationalized bank passbook with photograph, credit cards issued by banks with laminated photograph and Unique Identification Card 'Aadhar'.In addition to the above, following are some of the identity proofs also valid while travelling by AC class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037634", "title": "T flavour missing in bypoll campaigning?", "text": "HYDERABAD: While TRS is hopeful of winning the bypolls in the six assembly segments of the Telangana region on the presumption that people would recognise their sacrifice for the cause of a separate state, Congress and TDP are banking on what they call the 'diminished Telangana sentiment' in the constituencies going to polls on March 18.Interestingly, these byelections, caused by the resignation of two Congress and three TDP MLAs and the death of an independent candidate, are being held for the first time when the region is free of agitation.The byelections in May 2010 and October 2011 were held in the midst of T-agitations and therefore, the TRS and BJP made use of the intensity of the Telangana sentiment.Now, the elections caused by the resignation of Congress members T Rajaiah (Station Ghanpur) and Jupalli Krishna Rao, TDP MLAs Jogu Ramanna (Adilabad), Gampa Goverdhan (Kamareddy), Nagam Janardhan Reddy (Nagar Kurnool), are seen as a tough proposition for all the candidates. While the first four joined the TRS, Nagam is continuing as an independent T-leader. The Mahbubnagar election has been forced due to the death of M Rajeswar Reddy, an independent MLA.Even though the first phase of elections has begun with the filing of nominations, the 'T-hype' is not to be seen around on the streets. Students are busy with their exams and Telangana employees are barred from campaigning due to the prevalent election code.Except in Nagarkurnool, the scenario is of a regular election.The Congress and TDP are promoting this atmosphere by projecting the resignations as the result of personal problems in the party. \"This is because of people's realisation of the fact that TRS and Telangana sentiments are two different things. In the recent times, the abrupt calling off of the Sakala Janula Samme and the Polavaram controversy have exposed the TRS politics,\" TDP leader T Devender Goud, who is in charge of the party's electioneering in Mahbubnagar, said.According to Goud, the TRS campaigning on behalf of former TDP MLAs, who are now TRS candidates, would not be accepted by the people. \"People are seeing through the TRS' anti-TDP politics,\" Goud told TOI.A similar sentiment is expressed by C Ramachandra Reddy, Congress candidate from Adilabad. \"The intensity of the T-sentiment has diluted which will benefit the ruling Congress\", Reddy said. \"For 11 years, TRS has indulged into politics by telling lies about the T region\", the Congress veteran said. (Reddy contested elections eight times and won four times).He, however, admits that the T-sentiment does play a role in the election but in a constructive way. \"After these struggles and negotiations, people have realised that only a national party can get Telangana. So, this time, they would vote for the Congress to strengthen the party,\" Reddy hoped.However, political JAC convenor M Kodandaram disagreed with the view that their campaign is devoid of T issue. \"The T-hype varies from place to place. But, it is the sentiment that decides the vote in this election as well,\" he said. \"The tempo will pick up once the nomination phase gets over\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12038811", "title": "Gandhinagar pins hopes on ballot", "text": "BANGALORE: With just a day left for Gandhinagar ward to choose its representative in the BBMP council, residents of this mixed locality are hopeful their civic woes will mitigate very soon.After the murder of Gandhinagar's Congress corporator S Nataraj five months ago, civic by-elections in the ward are scheduled to be held on Sunday.Soon after erstwhile Bangalore Mahanagara Palike was upgraded to Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike and elections to the civic body were held, Gandhinagar was declared a zero-garbage zone. But the euphoria didn't last long as the harsh civic realities soon caught up with the locality.The burden of being a nerve centre weighs heavily on Gandhinagar. The location plays home to a large floating population. Given that the ward encompasses the city, state and private bus stands as well as Bangalore City railway station, it has saddled the locality with its set of problems. Encroached footpaths, lack of public toilets, shortage of parking space and unavailability of drinking water have been its perennial woes.Residents of this ward either depend on borewell or Cauvery river water. The situation is worse for slum dwellers, as they have no access to either of it.Lack of parking space has assumed grave proportions in the area. Residents allege that haphazard parking by private buses leave them with no space to either park their vehicles or even enter their own houses.\"Half the road is blocked owing to the encroachment of footpaths in the area. This has been creating a huge problem for residents and it's high time the area has a full-fledged parking facility,\" said Pavan Nahar, a resident.\"Traffic problems are eating into our business. It's impossible to drive or walk on the stretch from Kapali theatre to Auyerveda College, especially in the evening,\" said Krishne Gowda, proprietor of Santrupti Residency.Residents lament that their area has become a hub of nuisances, owing to its proximity to Majestic bus stand and City railway station.\"BBMP schools are located in the middle of garbage dumps in Gandhinagar and Srirampuram. The palike has not done anything for woman and child welfare. Although the old corporator promised to improve the drainage system, he was murdered. Whoever will be our new corporator, has a great chance to get closer to people by addressing their concerns,\" said Father Joseph P, director, Missing Child Bureau, Karnataka.Ward profileGandhinagar ward is in the heart of the city. It's home to most of the city's floating population as bus terminuses, City railway station and private bus stands are located here.The area is also considered the financial nerve centre of Sandalwood as major Kannada film producers and distributors have their offices here. The place also boasts of one of the country's highest concentration of single-screen theatres.The ward is a mix of localities dominated by affluent trader families in Gandhinagar, pockets of slums and shantytowns in nearby Sriramapuram.Who are the candidates?The major contenders in the fray are Gopalakrishna T from Congress, BJP's Ramachandra G, JD(S) candidate Suresh PK, JD(U) nominee Ashwath Narayana and AIADMK's P Yuvaraja. Independent candidates Farooq Pasha, Abdul Gafar, CTK Ramu and SN Ramesh are also in the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038808", "title": "MCG, village spar over temple land", "text": "GURGAON: A temple in Wazirabad village, close to DLF Golf Course, has turned into a battleground, with both the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) and the village panchayat claiming ownership of the property. A notice board had been put up by the civic body at the site, proclaiming it to be a municipal property, till some days ago. However, the piece of land now stands bereft of any such notification.Some trees on the temple premises have also been felled and MCG officials claim that it is a ploy of the villagers to encroach upon the land. The villagers, on the other hand, are unhappy with the MCG's ownership claims and say that the land never belonged to the civic body.Earlier, irate over the felling of trees, a team of MCG officials led by the municipal commissioner had demanded police intervention in the matter. After preliminary enquiries, the police arrested five youths from Wazirabad village. This further angered the villagers, who held a mass protest on Friday and met the municipal commissioner, the deputy commissioner and the police chief on the matter.While a conclusive decision in this regard is yet to be taken, the blame game between the two parties continues.Municipal commissioner Sudhir Rajpal told TOI that he has appointed joint municipal commissioner Anju Chaudhry to personally visit the site and submit a report to the state government. \"She has already visited the site and will submit her report in a couple of days,\" Rajpal said.When asked about the villagers' protests, Rajpal said the protests were baseless because deforestation was a crime by itself. \"The question is not whether the property belongs to the civic body or to the villagers. The youth were arrested because they had caused damage to the property and felled the trees, which is a crime in itself. So if the villagers are protesting against the arrests, we cannot do anything about it. It is for the police department to take a call in this matter,\" the municipal commissioner said.Despite several attempts, the village sarpanch remained unavailable for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12039073", "title": "Pockets in Shimla face water shortage", "text": "SHIMLA: Even after heavy spells of snow and refilled aqua reservoirs this winter season, many areas in Shimla continue to face water shortage.According to estimates, nearly 10,000 households have been affected by water shortage in different areas of Shimla due to lack of pumping from source at Giri, which provides 14 MLD of water. Also, the local pump at IGMC has been out of order for the past five days, adding to the woes of locals. The worst affected areas include lower and upper areas of Jakhu, Five Bench, Daisy Bank estate, Ruldu Bhatta, Idgah Colony, Chaura Maidan and Ghora Chowki, sources said.Alka Sood, a resident of Jakhu, said, \"Since last one week, water crisis has deepened and we are unable to carry on with household chores. Water was available only on Thursday this week and that too for half-an-hour in the afternoon, which could hardly fill the tanks.\" Another resident of Five Bench area, Aditya Singh, said, \"Water in our area is available only on alternate days, that too at odd hours for 15-20 minutes, which is causing severe problems.\"However, MC officials claimed that water supply is sufficient. Even if there is low pressure in some areas, the requirement is being met from buffer stocks while the local pump at IGMC, which supplies water to these areas, had been repaired on Friday itself, they said. Municipal corporation engineer, Vijay Gupta, said, \"About 38.40 MLD water was supplied in the city on Saturday and 13 MLD was lifted from Giri pumping station.\" However, water could not be lifted from Giri till Saturday afternoon due to low voltage, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037857", "title": "Nip in the air: Met says winter is not over yet", "text": "JAIPUR: The weather conditions in the state took people by surprise as the mercury took a dip again and brought the shivers back. Mount Abu and Sriganganagar remained coldest in hills and plains recorded a minimum temperature of 2.1 and 6.1 degree Celsius, the Met reports said on Saturday.Attributing the climatic change to the revival of northerly winds and upper air cyclonic circulation, the Met office said the temperatures across the state especially in the northern and eastern parts will continue to take a dip.Jaipurites woke up to a slightly chilly morning compared to earlier days this week as the city recorded a minimum temperature of 12.1 degrees Celsius. However, there was a bit respite in the afternoon when a maximum temperature of 26.4 degree Celsius accompanied by 70 per cent humidity was registered. But, throughout the day and in the evening, the chilly winds continued to remind people of Pink City that the winter is not over.Despite the chill, no fog was reported in and around Jaipur, hence all air, road and rail traffic was smooth across the state except for a few early morning trains coming from Punjab and Harayana which arrived late at the Jaipur railway station.In other areas, the minimum temperature also dropped with Pilani recording a low of 6.8 degrees Celsius, Vanasthali 7.7\u00b0, Churu 8.6\u00b0, Jaisalmer 9.4\u00b0, Udaipur 10.1\u00b0, Bikaner 10.5\u00b0, Jodhpur 11.5\u00b0 and Ajmer recorded a minimum temperature of 12.5 degrees Celsius.Asked if the winter conditions are going to be revived in the state, the Met office said there was a minor dip in the temperatures across the state but it does not mean winters will revive. \"Within a few days, the temperatures will start increasing across the state and one can expect the onset of winter from next week onwards,\" an official said.In its forecast, the Met office said the temperatures will further take an upward swing across the state especially in the western and eastern parts of the state in the next 48 hours. In Jaipur, the maximum and minimum temperatures would be around 32 degrees Celsius and 13 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038157", "title": "Anti-graft rallies by Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Pradesh Congress has said that it will take out rallies to create awareness about what it describes as \"the corruption engaged in by chief minister Narendra Modi and his government\".The rallies will be taken out in Ahmedabad, Surat, Rajkot and Vadodara. In Ahmedabad, the rallies will begin from February 27 and will continue till March 5. As part of these rallies, 24 different meetings will be held in various parts of the city.Senior Congress leaders part in the programmes will include Gujarat Pradesh Congress committee president including Arjun Modhwadia, the leader of the Opposition in the state assembly,Shaktisinh Gohil and the chairman of the election campaign committee, Shankersinh Vaghela, will participate in these rallies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12041321", "title": "Funds sought for development of north Karnataka", "text": "HUBLI: KCC&I; vice president Vasant Ladwa and secretary Vishwanath Ginimav have urged the government to release more funds for the development of the north Karnataka.At the pre-budget meeting held in Bangalore recently, they submitted a memorandum to the chief minister, demanding reduction in VAT on cotton and oil seeds, discount in tax on agricultural produce and lending money to the small scale industries with less rate of interest etc. They demanded revival of sick industries in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038830", "title": "Wedding rush adds to mayhem on 24X7 busy expressway", "text": "GURGAON: It is a little over four years since the Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway was opened for traffic movement. The teething troubles on the expressway, instead of diminishing or becoming history, have grown exponentially over the years.There are practically no peak hours on the stretch - irrespective of the time of the day (or night) - traffic is bumper-to-bumper, increasing manifold around midnight.Late at night, the rush of trucks, buses and hundreds of vehicles getting off the expressway into the lanes leading to farmhouses and banquet halls ahead and along the Rajoukri flyover and to Dwarka makes travel a crawl.The marriage season only adds to the woes of commuters travelling on the expressway at midnight. The rush on service lanes entering farmhouses on both sides and towards Dwarka Link road leads to massive snarls from Mahipalpur, extending up to the toll plaza, slowing traffic to a snail's pace.The current rush on the expressway may in part be attributable to the marriage season now, but there is not much hope of it subsiding later. The banquet halls are permanent, having sprung back after a brief ban when a court-driven demolition drive of illegal properties was being enforced in 2006. The tardy progress through the Radisson-Rajokri stretch on either side can take 20-25 minutes.Also, with not much improvement in the toll plaza management like segregation of heavy and light traffic and tag and non-tag users only add to the mess.\"It can take 10-15 minutes to negotiating traffic as well as waiting for cash payers using the tag lane to be dealt with. Despite all claims, no penalties are imposed on vehicles in the wrong lanes,\" said Ridhima Kaul, a DLF Phase IV resident who was stuck in a jam between Raddison flyover and the toll plaza late on Friday night, a day when there were several marriages in the city.Residents living far from the Metro line are desperate about the next phase of the Metro linking them better so as to avoid the expressway.\"Living in Sector 23A, I have no option but to drive to Delhi since the public transport system is appalling and parking spaces at the Metro stations are a luxury. Anyway the commute on the expressway after 9.30pm is scary with a lot of heavy vehicles around. To add to this the wedding season is a nightmare for women and elderly who have no choice,\" said J K Sambhi, a retired government school teacher.Despite all the discomfort and concern caused to commuters, the concessionaire, DSC Ltd, is indifferent to the matter and maintains that they deploy additional marshals near trouble spots to help ease the congestion.\"We train our marshals to be tolerant and bear with the commuters during such seasons and work closely with the traffic police. However, we have nothing to do when it comes to wrongful parking and driving by motorists. The traffic police can help chalk out a traffic pattern to ease congestion during this time,\" said an official spokesperson.Acknowledging the problem, the joint commissioner of traffic, Delhi Police, Satyendra Garg, explained that a long-term solution could be constructing a flyover to bifurcate traffic towards Gurgaon from that exiting near these farmhouses and towards Dwarka Link road.\"For the time being, the exit point near Rajoukri can be increased from a single lane to maybe double lane. We are also working on a plan for traffic movement where cars going towards Dwarka will have to take a U-turn at the toll plaza instead of an exit from Rajoukri. We have also deployed additional officials to tackle the mess,\" said Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12038458", "title": "Lohardaga Lok adalat reunites couple, again", "text": "LOHARDAGA: The task force constituted on the direction of Jharkhand high court Chief Justice Prakash Tatiya played a vital role in reuniting two warring families through mega Lok Adalat that concluded here on Saturday.The task force has been constituted to serve the summons and warrants to ensure attendance of the accused persons for trial.\"The task force headed by inspector Bhagwan Das played a vital role in producing both the parties before the Lok Adalat where a team of judges applied their methods of reconciliation successfully. Both the parties agreed and principal district and sessions judge Navneet Kumar disposed off the case that was opened way to reunite the families of the complainant and the victim,\" said P K Chaurasia, the secretary of the district legal services authority (DLSA) that is working under the guidance of Justice R K Merathia, the executive chairman of the Jharkhand Legal Services Authority (JLSA).In the concluding function of the mega Lok Adalat on the civil court premises, marriage of Dilip Oraon and Vishvashi Minz was solemnized. Judicial officials led by the district judge donated gifts to the couple and blessed the couple who were living separately at Chalho village in Kairo.The couple had left their homes on March 2, 2010 to marry. But Vishwashi's mother Asha had lodged a police case on March 27, 2010 following which police arrested Dilip and forwarded him to judicial custody on March 29, 2010. \"I gave a chance to the judicial officials and they with the help of the task force succeeded to agree both the families after great reconciliation that helped me dispose of the case on the concluding day of the five-day mega Lok Adalat,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12038506", "title": "Man shot at by brother over property dispute", "text": "A man was shot at by his younger brother over a property dispute in Faridabad on Saturday.The victim, Sundar, had gone to his younger brother Naresh's house in Sector 11 to settle a dispute over a property when an argument took place, police said. In a fit of rage, Naresh fired at his brother Sundar from his licensed revolver.Traffic cops issue 1,141 challansGurgaon traffic police conducted a special drive against traffic rule violators on Friday night and issued challans to 1,141 vehicles.The challans included 68 for drunk driving and 151 for not wearing helmet. Cops issued 278 challans for wrong parking, 31 for not obeying lane driving rule, 33 for violating no entry norm, 19 (drivers of cabs, autos and school buses) for not wearing uniform.Cops issued 26 challans for vehicles without reflectors, 51 for red light jumping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "poosapatirega ( vizianagaram)", "code": "12037714", "title": "Workshop gutted in Vizianagaram, 6 injured", "text": "POOSAPATIREGA ( VIZIANAGARAM): A shrimp-feed manufacturing unit in the mandal's Chodavaram village was completely gutted in a massive fire that broke out in the morning on Saturday and lasted nearly five hours.Six workers sustained injuries with three of them fainting due to breathing problems caused by the thick smoke. No casualties were reported but the loss due to the fire is being pegged at more than Rs 10 crore. Among the items destroyed were a huge quantity of wheat, soya beans and maize.The fire broke out, at around 10.45 am, at the production block of CP Aqua (Choram Pak Pond) company, a Thai multinational and the world's largest shrimp-feed producer which ranks in the global top five of animal feed producers. The production unit is a five-storied complex which is open on all four sides. According to sources, the fire was caused by sparks from welding work which was being carried out on the top floor as a huge bunch of polythene bags kept downstairs got ignited.More than a hundred workers were on duty at the production unit at the time of the incident. Workers at the factory rescued their colleagues with the help of ropes even as the fire extinguishers malfunctioned. Three of the workers fell while climbing down. All the injured have been shifted to a hospital.Besides two fire tenders, water had to be drawn from a nearby factory to bring the blaze under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12037464", "title": "Cops must attune to changing time: Patil", "text": "NASHIK: Police personnel need to keep up with the changing time as criminals and criminal activities have also changed, home minister R R Patil said here on Saturday. He said under these circumstances, events like the All India Police Duty Meet help the policemen to learn best practices in the investigation of crime, from each other.Patil, who was the chief guest at the valedictory function of the 55th meet that concluded here on Saturday, gave the overall best team trophy to Andhra Pradesh and was collected by Tejdeep Kaur Menon, additional director general (training and sports) of Andhra Pradesh.Andhra Pradesh police team also took the winner's trophies for scientific aid to investigation and anti-sabotage check, while it took home the runner's trophy for computer awareness.From Maharashtra, IGP (CID) M K Karve won the police photography contest, while Special IG (CID) D Kanakaratnam came runners up in the videography competition. Patil also gave away the Prime Minister's Police Medal for Life Saving to 18 police personnel from across the country.Andhra Pradesh police topped the event with five gold medals and a total medal tally of 10, followed by Border Security Force (three gold and three bronze), Tamil Nadu (two gold, five silver, four bronze), Punjab (two gold and one bronze) and Maharashtra (one gold, five silver and one bronze).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12039158", "title": "Antrix petition: hearing adjourned to March 17", "text": "BANGALORE: A city civil court on Saturday adjourned to March 17 the hearing on the suit filed by Antrix Corporation Limited, the commercial wing of ISRO. Sixth additional city civil and sessions Judge D V Patil adjourned the proceedings after Antrix submitted additional documents in support of their contention.The court will hear arguments to be advanced on behalf of Devas Multimedia Private Limited, the respondents in the suit.Antrix had terminated the agreement with Devas regarding lease of space segment capacity on ISRO/Antrix S-Band spacecraft in February last year. It had challenged the proceedings initiated before International court of Arbitration (ICC) by Devas, saying that it is without jurisdiction and contrary to the agreement between the parties entered into on January 28,2005.Antrix has also sought temporary injunction claiming that despite their objections regarding jurisdiction of ICC, Devas had gone ahead with the proceedings. Even a co-arbitrator in the form of Justice A S Anand (former CJI) had been appointed on behalf of them (Antrix) by the ICC (at an advanced cost of $650,000). Also one Prof Michael Pryles was appointed as chairman of arbitral tribunal and asked petitioner (Antrix) to pay $ 325,000 within 30 days.Antrix further claimed that Prof Pryles, apart from sending draft terms of reference, has also asked for a conference call with respect to terms of reference on January 10, 2012.According to Antrix, the agreement stipulates seat of arbitration should be New Delhi and it has to be as per Indian law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12037901", "title": "Appalling shortage of teaching staff in Kerala's universities", "text": "KOCHI: In universities in Kerala, there is 25-35% shortage of teaching faculty, and there is not much happening in the name of recruitment either. This despite so much clamour in the state about the standard of education sliding!Faced with shortage of faculty in several core subjects, universities have been depending on contract lecturers.\"The process (recruitment) is very slow across the state. Universities are facing severe shortage of grants and hence postings are taking a back seat,\" said A R Rajan, general secretary, Federation of University Teachers' Associations Kerala (FUTA).According to him, the quality of education has taken a severe beating as teachers are being employed on contract.\"They won't have the required involvement because they are not in a position to monitor internal assignments or learning,\" he added.\"When UGC pay scales were announced, there was confusion on technical issues like workload of teachers, including teaching hours. To solve this, the Kerala Universities Act needs to be amended. The committee set up by the government to draft amendment proposals has submitted its report, but no action has been taken,\" said Dharmaraj Adat, former FUTA president, and professor, Sanskrit University, Kalady. According to sources, most universities recruit non-teaching staff as and when vacancies arise under union pressure.But in the case of teachers, \"recruitment only takes place to straighten out some legal tangle. Recruiting teachers under the new UGC pay-scale means a lot of financial burden on the university, something we cannot afford,\" said a top official at Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat).Frustrated with the state of affairs, the Cusat students union submitted a petition to the chief minister during his mass contact programme.\"We requested the CM to amend the Cusat Act to remove the legal hitches in appointing new faculty. As per Cusat Act, teaching posts mean professor, reader and lecturer; but 2006 UGC guidelines define teaching posts as professor, associate professor and assistant professor,\" said Cusat union leader Aadish Ajayakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039034", "title": "Case reopened as man claims brother killed", "text": "NEW DELHI: An income tax commissioner's yearlong investigation has prompted a court to order a Crime Branch probe into his brother's death which the south district police had dismissed as 'natural'. Advocate Rajeev Mehta (48), who lived near Panchsheel Enclave, was found lying unconscious opposite a school at Khirki Extension, on December 2, 2010. He was later declared dead. A friend who took Rajeev to his nearby third-floor flat to \"revive\" him, had said he did not think it necessary to call the police as he was \"pre-occupied\" with the resuscitation attempt.Anil Mehta, an income tax commissioner posted in Mumbai, scanned his brother Rajeev's mobile phone records sourced from the service provider, spoke to people in the area where his brother was allegedly found lying unconscious, made discreet enquiries, interpreted the medical reports with help of forensic experts and found the police theory unconvincing. He appealed to the court for a probe by a different police station, and the court has asked the anti-homicide wing of Crime Branch to register a murder case and investigate further.\"We have recovered all the medical documents and believe we need to take medical opinion from doctors and forensic experts. We have written to the Delhi health department to form a medical board for this purpose. The letter was written on February 9 this year and we hope that the panel will be formed by the first week of March. Once the board gives us the report, we are going to study it and begin questioning some of Rajeev's friends. We have already found out that Rajeev had gone to Khirki Extension on that day to meet a friend. We have also gathered the telephone records and are trying to ascertain whether he was called there,'' said an investigating officer, adding: \"if the medical board also rules it a natural death - prima facie evidence, including the postmortem report, seems to suggest so - we are going to approach the court to cancel the FIR.''Anil believes his brother was a victim of foul play. \"Why did this friend take him to his flat instead of informing the police or shifting him to a hospital?'' he says. Sources told TOI this friend had initially claimed before Malviya Nagar police that he had seen Rajeev with another advocate in the court before his death. \"But Crime Branch now says this friend is not traceable. His two numbers submitted to the police were registered in the names Atiq and Mohd Afaque,'' says Anil.Crime Branch, however, says it has this friend and he will be questioned. Anil had visited his brother's office and found the friend's name and his number scribbled there. \"This shows they knew each other. Call records also showed the advocate in question had been talking to my brother frequently,'' says Anil.Rajeev, who lived near Panchsheel Enclave, was found lying unconscious opposite a school at Khirki Extension.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12037383", "title": "UP polls: Lucknow room with EVMs gets flooded", "text": "LUCKNOW: Electronic voting machines (EVMs) of nine constituencies of Lucknow district were damaged after water from an overhead tank seeped into the strongroom at the Government Technical Institute (GTI) in Lucknow.The EVMs were kept the strongroom after the polls on February 19. The Election Commission confirmed that some EVMs of Sarojininagar constituency were damaged.Mohanlaganj constituency's EVMs are also kept in the room in GTI's architecture department. District Magistrate Anil Sagar, however, said there was no damage to the EVMs. Reporters were not allowed near the strongrooms.Joint Chief Electoral Officer Anita Meshram said, \"An overflowing water tank has caused some damage to the strongroom. EVMs of Sarojininagar constituency were damaged. We will get to know the extent of the damage after the DM and other district officials examine the site.\"Sagar though had told UP chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha that the EVMs were safe. Sinha, who is in Delhi, said, \"I have spoken to the DM. He told me that though there was leakage in the building, the strongrooms are safe. Officers are examining the situation.\"By 10 pm, most of the candidates from all major political parties had reached the spot. The DM refused to allow them to check the EVMs. Sarojininagar's SP candidate Sharda Pratap Shukla said he would request the EC to allow candidates to check the EVMs.Several candidates squatted near the GTI. Among them were Neeraj Bora and Faqir Siddiqui from Congress and Gomti Yadav and Juhie Singh from the Samajwadi Party.Congress' Lucknow North candidate Bora said, \"This is unimaginable. It is callous on the part of the Lucknow administration. Apathy of the officials makes me wonder if the administration has acted at the behest of the ruling government.\"Sources said CISF personnel posted at GTI on Faizabad Road spotted the overflowing water around 5 pm. They informed district officials. But Sagar reached the spot around 9.15 pm.SP candidate Juhie Singh said, \"The DM is inaccessible while the DIG says he is unaware of any such thing. This only tells us how serious they are about the security of the strongroom.\"BJP spokesperson Vijay Pathak slammed the district administration. \"They are supposed to save the EVMs and this is what they have done?\"BJP's Lucknow East candidate Kalraj Mishra wondered how a tank near the strongroom could leak to damage EVM.GTI was selected as the counting centre for nine assembly constituencies of Lucknow on March 6.Lucknow district recorded about 58% polling on February 19. Nearly 61% of Sarojininagar electorate cast their votes while Mohanlalganj recorded 64%.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "12039185", "title": "Sikh clerics pardon controversial preacher Dhunda", "text": "AMRITSAR: Akal Takht jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh pardoned controversial Sikh preacher Sarabjit Singh Dhunda after he appeared before Sikh high priests on Saturday and tendered an apology for his objectionable remarks against kirtan held in Golden Temple.Dhunda had appeared before Sikh clerics to submit his clarification amid high security arrangements made by Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee's (SGPC) task force. Later, talking to media persons Giani Gurbachan Singh said that Dhunda was guilty of uttering objectionable remarks against spiritual kirtan held in Golden Temple. He said Akal Takht secretariat had received numerous complaints against Dhunda, especially from Sikhs in Canada. He informed that he had directed Sikhs not to cooperate with Dhunda unless he personally appears before Akal Takht to submit his clarification through directions issued on January 3, 2012.\"He has also assured not to repeat the same,\" he said. The Sikh clerics have accepted his written apology and have advised him to listen to kirtan in Golden Temple and hold Sahij Path at his house, following which he should appear before Akal Takht to perfom ardas and offer degh of Karah Parshad. He said Dhunda had also sought forgiveness from the ragis and have promised to cooperate with them in future.The Sikh clerics have also decided to honour marathoner Fauja Singh, historian Giani Saroop Singh and have directed SGPC to hold a special function to honour both of them. In another significant decision, the Sikh clerics have directed that in future all the ragis, pathis, dhadis, katha vachaks etc., working in gurdwaras, should be baptized.The five high priests didn't take any decision on clarification submitted by Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan about his alleged role of instigating anti-Sikh riots in 1984.,Earlier Giani Gurbachan Singh and SGPC chief Avtar Singh Makkar released Nanakshahi calendar 2012-13 at the information centre of Golden Temple. jathedar refrained from commenting on the controversies related with the Sikhs own calendar.The Nanakshahi calendar, however, includes October 9 and January 6, when assassins of Gen Vaidya, Harjinder Singh Jinda and Sukhdev Singh Sukha, and assassins of late Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , Kehar Singh and Satwant Singh were respectively hanged to death, as 'historical days'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037618", "title": "12-year-old commits suicide after being scolded by father", "text": "NAGPUR: A 12-year-old girl committed suicide by hanging herself by the pipe on the terrace of her Martin Nagar residence on Saturday afternoon. A Std sixth student, Isha Sontakke took the extreme step after being scolded by her father for poor results in examinations, according to her father Deepak.Isha was the youngest of two sisters and a brother. \"Among her siblings, Isha was the poorest in studies. Hence, she was often scolded by her parents,\" said police.Deepak told Jaripatka police that he and his wife, Sangeeta, a domestic help, had gone to drop their eldest daughter Shamma, at her exam centre on Saturday. \"While on our way, we saw Isha returning home from the school. Her other sister, Ashma later came home and found Isha's body,\" said Deepak.Jaripatka police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039559", "title": "Nabard officials to go on mass leave on Feb 28", "text": "Selected members of All India Nabard Officers' Association (NBOA), who are agitating for the past six months against the management, have decided to go on mass casual leave on February 28. Nearly 150 out of total 2,700 officials from across 30 branches of the state will take part in the day-long agitation programme.NBOA is protesting against the direct recruitment of officers at the Grade B and higher levels from the market.\"Nearly 50% of fresh recruits at the level of assistant managers in the state have joined the organisation after clearing the three-stage tests. We feel that the management's move will jeopardize the career prospects of hundreds of junior management level officers including more than 400 directly recruited officers,\" an NBOA office-bearer told ToI requesting anonymity.NBOA is piqued by the recent moves of the management to have a complete volte-face on the assurances given to the representative body during the discussions held on March 31, he added.NBOA is demanding a transparent, thorough and detailed discussion on all aspects of repositioning and restructuring exercise currently underway in the organisation. The present exercise of repositioning and restructuring is based on suggestions and recommendations of the Boston Consulting Group (BCG).NBOA has been apprehensive since the very beginning that the BCG recommendations, if implemented without proper discussion, shall lead to dilution of DFI ( Development Finance Institute) character of NABARD which would be detrimental to the interests of the rural poor and farmer community.NBOA has also demanded the immediate appointment of Managing Director, the post of which has been lying vacant for the last 10 months. MD, as per the Nabard Act , 1982 is supposed to be the CEO of the bank and responsible for its day-to-day functioning.The officers' body has also slammed the management's decision to stop all promotion related activities to fill the vacant posts in grade B, C and executive directors. Keeping these posts vacant were in gross violation of the provisions of Nabard Staff Rules, 1982.We feel that the management's move will jeopardize the career prospects of hundreds of junior management level officers including more than 400 directly recruited officersAn NBOA office-bearer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037809", "title": "Putting a consistent system of data collection in place", "text": "JAIPUR: The directorate of economies and statistics (DES) has started constructing its district level offices in the state after the launch of the Rajasthan State Strategic Statistical Plan (RSSSP) with an aim to develop a coherent and consistent system of data collection.The state government has launched the plan in cooperation with the Centre for effective implementation of 'The Collection of Statistics Act 2008 strategy and to raise the accuracy and reliability of statistics. As per the plan, the data collection system in the state would be strengthened with an objective to collect real time data from grassroot level. The collected data would help the government in planning new polices and schemes to achieve sustained growth.DES director SS Raigar said, \"For situation analysis, there is a need for statistics. But, our structure below the district level, like in blocks of the districts is weak. Our plan is to strengthen the entire system by developing proper online system so that we will get the data on time for publication.\"DES takes 2-3 years' time in publishing certain data, which they want to decrease to one year by implementing RSSSP properly in the state. The department has allotted Rs 1 crore for each district to strengthen the data collection.The statistical system below the state and district is quite weak to generate reliable, organized data for decentralized planning and local governance. Also, there is always a time lag and delays in publication of results. Moreover, voluminous data is collected from varied sources, collected and compiled, by different agencies, but enough analysis is not being done due to lack of IT and computing infrastructure and skills.There are 20 key statistical activities which will be covered under RSSSP including, state domestic product estimates, gross fixed capital formation and savings, district domestic product, contribution of local bodies to state GDP, major fiscal data relating to budget estimates, annual surveys of industries, index of industrial production, crop area and production statistics, wholesale price index, consumer price index, stats related to health, education, labour, employment, housing, electricity production, environment, water, national sample survey, transport, statistics for local area planning, death and birth statistics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12039595", "title": "Confused Churchill stumbles on 'age'", "text": "MARGAO: Accusing Trinamool Congress (TMC) Goa president Wilfred D'souza of trying to split the secular votes, Navelim MLA Churchill Alemao said the 'communal' BJP party stood to benefit in the process. The PWD minister however stated that the Congress would win 23 and more constituencies irrespective of the BJP, TMC , Goa Vikas Party and other independents in the fray.Addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Alemao appealed to D'souza to stop playing 'these childish games' and said that D'souza had grown old and was losing all the respect he had earned for himself so far.He further alleged that because D'Souza had very limited options left as far as his political career was concerned, he started 'this trinamool binamool party' just to make himself seem important. He also said that D'souza had grown too old for active politics.\"In his political life he always was for keeping the secular votes intact and that's why I feel sad when I see what he is trying to do,\" said Alemao while refuting charges that he too had faced similar allegations during the last assembly elections, which he had contested on the Save Goa Front(SGF) ticket.When asked if he thought that 73 year old Pratapsingh Rane is too old for politics, Alemao said that he was still strong and capable unlike D'souza and then contradicted himself by saying that age doesn't play a factor.Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037286", "title": "Riot scars still linger on", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the distant suburb of Rajendranagar, overlooking a flyover that connects people to the plush international airport, is a modest township that would have passed off as any other residential area if not for its star-crossed residents who speak in Gujarati but their Hindi bears an unmistakable hint of dakhani.These residents are bonded by their collective history of displacement following the 2002 riots in Gujarat, and, as they say, have seen it all __ being asked by friends of a lifetime to leave since they wouldn't be able to protect them, watching their houses and shops burn, wearing the mangalsutra and sindoor to escape a mob out to kill.And a decade after the carnage (it will be 10 years to Godhra on February 27) they may have found their feet in the distant alien land of Hyderabad, a roof over their heads and a livelihood, but the circumstances in which they fled their hometowns still haunts them.On a bright February morning, Gulshan Dider Ali Minjani appears busy at the flour mill located in this township, feeding wheat into the machine. It's been a decade since she moved to Hyderabad in April 2002, but the memory of her life and her grocery store in Bhavnagar is as fresh as the fine warm flour she collects in a tin vessel.\"We heard in the afternoon that day that they were planning to torch our shop. We had in any case been living in fear for the last few days and it was then we realized that if we could save our lives, we would still be able to set up a business,\" she says, fighting back tears as she says how that night their grocery store was indeed torched. Gulshan, a mother of three, says life is going on in Hyderabad. Her husband is an auto driver and they keep going back to Gujarat to meet their relatives or to attend family functions. \"But I never went back to see my burnt shop,\" she says.Like Gulshan, there are many other families who lived in the Bharatnagar area of Bhavnagar and now live here. Ask Feroze Bahadur Ali and he recollects the growing feeling of fear those days. \"We didn't feel it was safe to live there any longer. I came here and drove an auto for four to five years. Later I opened this small grocery store,\" Bahadur Ali says. IPS officer Rahul Sharma, who was then district superintendent of police of Bhavnagar and had tried preventing the riots, was transferred soon after and charge-sheeted last year for passing on records of calls, made during the 2002 riots in the state, to the Nanavati Commission without any official clearance.There are nine buildings in this complex named after the expression of happiness, at Rajendranagar with over 900 families staying here, of which an estimated 150-200 are from Gujarat. Some say they were displaced following the earthquake, others note it were the bloody riots that forced them out of their hometowns. There are many small-time traders, owners of small factory units and many women from the community who put together Gujarati tiffins for the working people living here. All the families are Ismaili Khojas, known for their dedication towards their work.\"We had no choice but to take up some job or the other when we moved here. Nobody could afford to sit idle,\" says Ayesha (name changed), another resident who has a school-going son. Her house is done up nicely and looks a tad more prosperous than that of her neighbours. \"We have managed to build our lives. My husband works in a factory and today we also have a car,\" she says, but with no hint of pride or achievement. It's almost like she knew that once the family moved to Hyderabad, life would be fine, safe.Unlike Gulshan, she says she has no remorse. Yes, her sister-in-law wore a red teeka and mangalsutra to flee the \"sensitive\" area she lived in, and the building Ayesha stayed in Bhavnagar had mostly Hindu families, ones she had known forever. \"They can still lay down their lives for us if need be,\" she maintains, even as she recollects how they had asked her family to leave the Hindu dominated area as their lives were not safe. \"I can't blame them,\" she says, but does mention the \"jaat ka dar\" that has set in her heart and mind that is difficult to shrug off.Life could be fine in Hyderabad but it's not as comfortable as it was in Gujarat. Sitting in a factory unit full of ready-to-eat snacks, Shamsuddin Jiwani fondly recalls how his local soft drinks manufacturing unit in Rajkot could be run smoothly despite his poor literacy level. \"You don't need to be educated to do business in Gujarat. \"Wahan baat par kaam chalta hai,\" he says. But those were the good days. \"I lived there for 35 years and there was never any riot despite Hindus, Khojas and Muslims staying in the area for years together,\" says Jiwani recalling his life in Deopura, Rajkot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12038772", "title": "Yeddyurappa and his art of making enemies", "text": "BANGALORE: BJP strongman and former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa appears to have painted himself into a corner by his adamant ways.After corruption charges and alleged involvement in illegal iron ore mining forced his exit from the chief minister's chair, Yeddyurappa has not really helped his cause. Once the most sought after man in the South by the BJP bosses, he is now viewed as a problem child by the party high command.The curt message from national BJP president Nitin Gadkari , whom the former CM revered the most, that he is free to quit the party, if unhappy, only indicates that his tantrums will not be tolerated anymore.From the moment he was eased out, Yeddyurappa has been committing blunder after blunder. His first undoing was to have taken BJP patriarch LK Advani head on by getting his loyal ministers and legislators stay away from Bangalore leg of Jan Chetna rally even as he remained in prison.\"It's not that Yeddyurappa would have been made CM if he had not got his ministers to boycott Advani's rally. But the relationship between the two would have not have soured to the extent it has,'' a senior BJP leader told STOI.Earlier, Yeddyurappa had defied the party diktat by delaying his resignation from the CM's post. He also tried to dictate terms by choosing DV Sadananda Gowda over party candidate Jagadish Shettar and pressed for secret ballot in the legislature party on the issue. An embarrassed party leadership which wanted a consensus choice had to yield to Yeddyurappa's strong arm tactics.Yeddyurappa continued to go against the party's wishes after his release from the jail. His attempts to browbeat Gowda during the latter's election to the legislative council and also the signature campaign of BJP MPs seeking his reinstatement as CM, only caused further embarrassment to the party.When Yeddyurappa failed to mend his ways, the RSS, for the first time in the history of the state BJP, had to openly intervene to arrest the drift in the party. His February 27 ultimatum to the party was the last straw.QuoteEven Tenzing Norgay and Edmund Hilary, who were the first to reach atop Mt Everest, had to be supported to achieve the feat. Similarly, there will be lakhs of volunteers behind a leader's success. So no individual should think that the party was built by him alone- Nitin Gadkari, BJP national president", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12038073", "title": "Starbuses to start from Mor Bhavan soon", "text": "NAGPUR: More than two years after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan promised to resolve the issue of Mor Bhavan not being given to the Nagpur Municipal Corporation for Starbus operations, the civic body is all set to get three platforms there to start the bus service.Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal will be signing an agreement with the Maharashtra State Road Transport Company Limited (MSRTC), which currently runs skeleton services from the sprawling premises at Jhansi Rani Chowk on Wardha Road, on or before March 5.With this move, there are good chances of the Starbuses not congesting Amravati and North Ambazari Roads which serve as its starting points in the absence of a terminal and parking space. Jaiswal told TOI that a series of meetings were held between NMC and MSRTC, and the final decision was taken in Mumbai on February 23.\"Chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad had directed the MSRTC officials to resolve the issue at the earliest. They have agreed to provide three of the seven available platforms at Mor Bhavan for Starbuses. They will be on a rental basis with PWD deciding the rates. We have got the draft of the agreement,\" he said, adding that the services will begin on March 15.For NMC, Jaiswal and additional deputy municipal commissioner Sanjay Nipane attended the meeting. Principal secretary (transport) Shailesh Kumar Sharma and managing director Dipak Kapoor represented MSRTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12039894", "title": "School girl hacked to death", "text": "TRICHY: A 14-year-old school girl was hacked to death in broad daylight in Varakuppai village in Trichy on Saturday morning by a young man whose love she spurned. An hour after he murdered her, the youth committed suicide.R Ranjitha (14) of Varakuppai near Lalgudi was the younger daughter of the couple, Ravichandran and Tamilselvi. She was studying in the ninth standard in a government school in Pullampadi. As her father died a few years ago in an accident, Ranjitha lived with her mother in her maternal grandfather Azhagappan's house in the same village.Police said that Ranjitha was proceeding to the bus stop to go to school, when Ravichandran (22), son of Perumal, a former president of the village, followed her with a billhook. He stabbed her on the neck and head several times and Ranjitha collapsed in a pool of blood. This was witnessed by Manoharan, a tailor in the village who later reported the incident to the police. Meanwhile, Ravichandran fled the scene.On hearing the noise, villagers rushed to the spot and took Ranjitha to the government hospital in Lalgudi where she was given first aid. From there she was taken to a private hospital in Trichy, but she succumbed to her injuries on the way.Further investigations revealed that the families of Ranjitha and Ravichandran belonged to the same caste and they resided on the same street in the village. As Ranjitha did not reciprocate his feelings for her, he got frustrated and took the extreme step.While the Kallakudi police were on their way to arrest him, they got the news of Ravichandran having committed suicide at his house in Varakuppai by hanging himself. Police said he might have decided to end his life on hearing the news about Ranjitha's death in the hospital. The police had initially suspected that a previous enmity between the families might have triggered the killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12037825", "title": "Low level of rural sanitation in state", "text": "JAIPUR: Rural sanitation and hygiene in line with Total Sanitation Campaign (TSC) and government of India (GoI) guidelines is abysmally low in Rajasthan. On an average, only 12.9% people in the state use toilets despite a reported expenditure of Rs 273.1 crore in the previous financial year (2010-11) for building toilets.According to Nirmal Rajasthan Rural Sanitation and Hygiene Strategy (2012-2022), though access to toilets for schools and angawadis has seen a marked increase, rural solid and liquid waste management has got little or no attention. And despite 30 million children in rural India suffering from sanitation-related diseases, open defecation (87.5%) is still widespread in rural Rajasthan.The total funding for the project is allocated to rural sanitation and hygiene in line with TSC and GoI guidelines. The total project outlay of TSC is Rs 878.6 crore for the state of Rajasthan. So far, the reported expenditure is Rs 273.1crore against the approved and released amount of Rs 377.2 crore, implying that a committed amount of Rs 605.5 crore is still available for sanitation.\"The project that was earlier with the PHED is now with Gramin Vikas. While the response in Haryana has been very good, in Rajasthan somehow it has not been as positive. There is a lot that needs to be done and ideally the sarpanch and the Block Development Officers (BDOs) should also be held responsible for making this project a success,\" said V K Mathur chief engineer rural, PHED.According to the report, \"While the individual household latrines (IIHL) coverage increased from 19.37% to 67.10% between 2005 and 2011, these figures however do not reflect actual latrine functionality and use. There are wide disparities both in terms of coverage and usage in the districts and indicate a toilet usage rate of only 12.9% in the state.Besides, solid and liquid waste management (SLWM) is still in its infancy stages in rural Rajasthan and funding for SLWM has only been made part of the TSC financial allocation recently. \"In Rajasthan, 57.8% of rural households have no drainage facilities and only 19.4% have garbage disposal arrangements. The report also states that hand washing with soap needs to be prioritized as a cost-effective public health intervention. The practice is not generally widespread and a sample survey in six districts of the state indicated that only 31.8% of households reported using soap after defecation. Washing hands can reduce the incidence of diarrhea by up to 44%. Diarrhea is one of the leading causes of death in children and Rajasthan has one of the highest infant mortality rates in India,\" states the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "12039638", "title": "60% opt for school-based exam system", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The pressure on the students appearing for Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) class X board examinations could be gauged by comparing the percentage of students opting to appear in home examinations and those willing to appear in exams conducted by CBSE. Around 60 % of the students of class X in UP and Uttarakhand have opted for the relatively easier option of school-based exam while around 40 % have gone for the board examinations.The students appearing for class 10 exam were asked to choose from the two options of board-based and school-based examinations. In boardbased pattern, the question paper would be coming from the board and the answer sheets would be also be evaluated by the board. In the schoolbased system, the board authorities would be providing the question paper, but the answersheets would be evaluated in the schools.However, there was a condition set by the CBSE wherein students of the school, which is only upto secondary level, are allowed to appear only in the board exam which is mandatory for them. A total number 1,91,930 examinees would be appearing in class X examinations, starting from next month. Out of this figure, 1,12,158 examinees (over 58 %) have opted the school-based pattern, whereas around 79, 771 students have opted for board system.The trend was almost the same last year, where 1,74,073 examinees in the Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, 1,03,669 (59.33 per cent) have opted the school-based examination, and the rest, i.e. 70,406 (40.44 per cent) students had opted for the conventional board system. The authorities of CBSE held a meeting on Thursday which was chaired by CBSE's controller of examination MC Sharma.The examiners were instructed to be more careful in evaluating the answer sheets as an examinee is entitled to see his/her copy through RTI. There are a total number of 1,668 schools, sponsoring candidates for class X examinations, of which 1222 schools will have candidates for class XII exam. The board authorities have made a total of 344 exam centres in the two states. Apart from the class X examinees, a total of 1,52,174 students have been enrolled for appearing in class 12 this year which is over 12,000 more as compared to last year's figure.\"Although the policymakers have decided to go for these two options, but, once the system of grading was introduced, it was enough to reduce the pressure on the students. This step would create a demarcation and complexity among the students, as those who opted for board exam could think being better than those going for home exam,\" retired assistant commissioner of Kendriya Vidhalaya Sangthan, PK Tiwari, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12038107", "title": "Operators not happy with govt curbs on tribal tourism", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Tour operators intending to take tourists to areas where PVTGs reside shall have to register with the department of tourism and culture with certain additional conditions; they should not depict photographs, video clips, write-ups on PVTGs in their websites/brochures in an \"inappropriate manner\" for tourism promotion; they should submit a monthly return of foreign tourists visiting areas inhabited or frequented by PVTGs, official sources said.Incidentally, the state government had in recent years relaxed restrictions, imposed earlier in 1995 following perceptible \"misrepresentation\"' of India by foreign tourists, to attract more overseas visitors. But the government decided to reimpose those following a recent controversy over certain travel groups resorting to Internet advertising showcasing scantily attired Bonda tribals and offering entertainment for tourists.Odisha has the second highest tribal population in the country and is home to 62 tribal communities, including 13 PVTGs numbering around 90,000 spread over 12 districts.The government move has not gone down well with people in the tourism sector as they feel \"responsible tourism\" need to be encouraged instead of imposing restrictions. \"At least one-third of the foreigners visiting Odisha go to tribal areas to see PVTGs, especially Bonda in Malkangiri and Dongaria Kondh in Rayagada who still show up in traditional costumes,\" a tourism sector insider said.He added: \"Due to threat from extremists, tourists seldom go to PVTG villages and prefer to visit haats where such tribal people come. The government should focus on building capacities of such communities so that they benefit from tourism while preserving their traditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037465", "title": "Birla cements MP stand", "text": "NAGPUR: No idea works unless you work on the idea. Rajasthan didn't, Madhya Pradesh did.It must have been a worrisome deja vu of sorts for Rajasthan. After a disappointing Thursday evening, it was almost an identical Friday twilight for them. As the cheers in the Madhya Pradesh camp became louder, Rajasthan players' faces become longer.Having got a beating just a day ago, wounds were still afresh in both the camps. Thinking minds huddled and fresh strategies were chalked out. Then came the implementing part of it. Rajasthan did it only till the midway mark though. MP, akin to an obedient student, did what was needed of them till the very end and the result was there to be seen. MP, courtesy Udit Birla's maiden List A hundred, kept their hopes high defeating Rajasthan by four wickets in the Central Zone Vijay Hazare Trophy match at VCA, Civil Lines on Friday.The Ranji Trophy champions, once again from a position of calling the shots, banged on to a pioneer performer and didn't get up again. With Naman Ojha , Jalaj Saxena and Mohnish Mishra back in the hut following opening bursts from Raman Chahar and Vikrant Yadav, Rajasthan looked good to run through the rest of batsmen. Then came Birla (102*; 125b, 9x4) and the tall lad grounded himself in the middle like a wall. The wall was too tough to break and too long to climb.Though it wasn't a case of running out of partners for Birla, the sword of a collapse after that 48 all out performance was always hanging above him. It was needed of him to bat through. The 22-year old dropped the anchor nudging for ones and twos mostly with the straight bat at the beginning. It was only after he completed his half century that Birla started playing the shots square of the wicket. With 28 needed in the last five overs, he unleashed himself and stormed his team home.At the dying moments, though it looked an MP dominated game, Rajasthan were pretty much into it earlier on. Most of the things they did were right. Put into bat, their openers negotiated the early danger; middle order put up a brave fight while the lower middle order used the long hand pretty well. Even after having lunch, the 30-3 scoreboard would have given them smiles. It was, however, Birla's day to have the last laugh.ScoreboardRajasthan: S Chouhan c Ojha b R Khan 34, D Yagnik lbw b J Saxena 17, R Bist c A Sharma b J S Saxena 58, R Parida b A Sharma 10, P Yadav b J Saxena 57, V Deshpande c Ali b J Saxena 0, V Chanwaria st Ojha b A Sharma 3, R Chahar no 14, M Khatri no 14. Extras: (b 1, lb 8, w 7, nb 1) 17. Total: (7 wckts, 50 overs) 224. Fall of wickets: 1-44, 2-61, 3-80, 4-182, 5-182, 6-193, 7-193. Bowling: Sudhindra 9-0-31-0, A Rajan 6-1-30-0, A Singh 5-0-34-0, J Saxena 10-1-40-4, A Sharma 10-1-45-2, R Khan 10-0-35-1.Madhya Pradesh: N Ojha c P Yadav b V Yadav 9, J Saxena c Chanwaria b Chahar 0, M Mishra c sub (R Singh) b Chahar 8, R Khan run out (V Yadav) 24, U Birla no 102, H Singh c&b; Deshpande 33, M Ali run out (Deshpande) 4, A Sharma no 34. Extras: (b 1, w 8, nb 2) 11. Total: (6 wickets, 47.3 overs) 225. Fall of wickets: 1-1, 2-11, 3-30, 4-60, 5-138, 6-151. Bowling: Chahar 9-0-39-2, Yadav 8.3-0-46-1, Khatri 10-0-35-0, V Chanwaria 5-0-35-0, G Singh 10-0-44-0, Puneet Yadav 2-0-15-0, V Deshpande 3-0-10-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "12038033", "title": "CRPF jawan held on murder charge", "text": "KEONJHAR: Keonjhar police on Friday arrested a Central Reserve Police Force jawan on the charge of murdering a priest of lord Baladevjew temple of Basantpura. The jawan was identified as Umesh Jena of Raghabapur village in Ghasipura police station area. Another accused in the case, Sanjay Chakra, had surrendered two days back.S K Sahu, a sub-inspector of Ghasipura police station, said, \"We have identified the accused. He is a CRPF jawan. After the murder of the priest, he went to Jammu and Kashmir and joined his duty. We arrested him when he came to his village during a month-long holiday. The other accused, who had surrendered before the court, was sent to jail.\"Sources said the priest, Pranaballav Panda of Toranipal, was working at the temple for over 50 years. On September 11, 2011 his murder had rocked the Ghasipura police station area. Since then the temple has remained closed. Police cracked the case in a few months, but could not get permission from the CRPF, J&K; to arrest the accused.When police got the information that the accused had come to his village on a long holiday, police raided his house and arrested him. The Anandpur sub-collector and a team of Ghasipura police went to Basantpura village and talked to the villagers regarding reopening the temple as soon as possible. Locals said puja and rituals would resume from March 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12038110", "title": "More buses to run in city, cover new areas", "text": "VADODARA: The city bus services are set to expand their network and frequency with the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) removing restrictions on the number of kilometres it can operate everyday in the city. The operator too is gearing up for expanding its services by adding new buses.When Vitcos Pvt Ltd was given the contract for starting city bus services, VMC had put a cap that its buses could cover routes which should total to only 11,407km in the city.The civic body had also put a condition that the total number of buses should not exceed 85.On Friday, the standing committee cleared a proposal to remove the limitation of kilometres on the operator's services.The operator can also employ more buses as needed on various routes in the city. Following VMC's move, the operator is also looking to raise its fleet of buses by about 20-25 soon.\"We will look into the demand for new routes or increase in the buses operating on existing routes. The addition will depend on the need of commuters,\" said Vitcos Pvt Ltd chairman Haresh Dodiya.It is however unlikely that the operator may add more number of buses as the contract expires in May 2013.The buses are obtained on finance repayment for which lasts for five years. So, the addition of buses may be limited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12040196", "title": "CM\u2019s sop offer to foil bandh", "text": "KOLKATA: The government is trying out the carrot-and-stick policy to foil the February 28 strike called by Left parties. After transport minister Madan Mitra's service-break threat to transport workers, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Saturday dangled sops before the unorganized sector to persuade them to beat the shutdown.In a give-and-take kind of message, Mamata said: \"Be with us and we will be with you.\"Addressing a gathering at Salt Lake stadium on Saturday, the CM showered promises on the unorganised sector, saying the government would double the entitlement under various schemes for unorganised workers and introduce a single card for a host of facilities - from admission to hospitals at subsidised rates to pension for construction employees, electricians , plumbers and so on. Finance minister Amit Mitra and other ministers were on the dais when she made the promises.Transport minister Madan Mitra is in overdrive to keep the city moving on February 28. The minister, who has warned employees that not showing up on Tuesday would lead to a service break and may eventually affect promotions, will spend the next 48 hours sensitizing his department to the anti-bandh work culture that the Mamata regime been preaching to its employees On Sunday &amp; Monday, Mitra will visit city offices of staterun transporters to counsel employees and motivate them to come to work on Feb 28 Mitra says govt will make staff aware of insurance rules that say if a vehicle is vandalized or ransacked during rioting or a strike or malicious damage is caused to it, up to 1 crore insurance can be claimed On Tuesday, around 20 flying squads will be deployed across the city and its fringes to foil disruption attempts. The squads will comprise cops and transport officials A control room at Writers' will supervise the government's efforts to foil the bandh. Citizens can call toll free helpline nos (2214-4014 / 5700/5701) in case of commuting and law-and-order problems on bandh day Metro will run regular services. Officials say the Howrah and Sealdah suburban networks will also function like on any other day Mitra warns autorickshaws against staying off roads, says 75% of them are illegal and will face action One-point card from next April: MamataThe chief minister said, \"The new system will be in place from the next fiscal , in April. There will be only one card - Samajik Mukti Card - for all unorganised workers, and there will be only one plan for all workers of this sector to come into this scheme. There is no denying that the government has financial constraints. But my government will do it for you despite all the difficulties. I appeal to you to surrender your old cards and fill up the forms and collect the new card from the block office.\" Workers in the transport sector will be entitled to transport social safety schemes, she said.\"There are a few people who do not want to see workers prosper . They were silent for 34 years of CPM rule. Now when people have started getting their rights, they are not playing to the CPM's tune any more. This has made these men feel uncomfortable. I would appeal to you not to fall into the old trap of disruptive politics . Do not allow people to block roads, do not participate in bandhs. Conspirators may provoke you, but don't be provoked. Keep the state disruption free. Be with us and we will be with you,\" Mamata reiterated.She also warned against the CPM's machinations in Burdwan and other areas. \"The government will not allow the politics of hegemony in villages that had become a norm during the CPM rule,\" Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12038839", "title": "Little things...", "text": "Perpendicular to the bustle of shops selling sequined salwar kameezes on Seppings Road, 10th Street is relatively quiet. In front of house #13, a narrow building indistinguishable from its neighbours, behind a silver-plated carriage, three boys are combing a goat.This is the office of Master Horses, one of the few remaining locations where you have the option of hiring a horse. Or horses. Or horses and a carriage.Azimullah Sharief, 19, is looking after the operation today. \"We have 15 horses and five carriages, and they are out every day,\" he says. Today, some of the horses have been hired by a wedding party. \"The others are at stables on Tannery Road.\"\"My grandfather started this business,\" he says. His grandfather, the late Abdul Jaffar Sharief was a foreman at IISc, who started the horse rental business in 1972. \"Remember Sholay? Those were our horses,\" he says. \"Nowadays, we don't get much business from Hindi films.\" Kannada films? He rattles off a string of names, including 'Nagavalli', 'Jogayya' and 'Chenamma IPS'.\"We even provided horses for some English films.\" When asked for names, he goes in and brings out a much treasured and framed newspaper clipping. It is a decades-old copy of The Times of India, written after his grandfather had provided some horses for David Lean's cinematization of EM Forster's 'A Passage to India'. Lean's company was so happy with the way his grandfather handled the animals that they gifted him a coach and four horses after filming completed. \"My grandfather got paid Rs 1,000 a week and we got Rs 200 daily for feeding the horses. Nowadays, we spend Rs 10,000 to 15,000 per week just to keep the horses fed,\" he says.\"The charge is Rs 2,000 for three hours for a horse. If you want a horse and carriage, the rate is Rs 5,000 for three hours. Two horses and a carriage is Rs 10,000,\" he says.\"Nobody knows horses like we do. Even the vets tell us - 'You know what to do, what medicines to give' when the horses fall ill,\" he says.\"We can even get you a camel. A camel is Rs 3,000 for three hours. We'll send a minder for any animal you hire.\" How many camels do they have? \"We have sixty.\"What else? \"We have a band, we can provide you a band. Haathi chahiye tho mangaa dethe hain,\" he grins.Gift from film crewThere were trainers from Chennai and Mysore as well, but David Lean's film crew were so happy with the way my father handled horses that they gifted him a coach and four horses after filming completedKhalid Sherief | owner, Master Horses", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12039489", "title": "Say sorry to wife on FB: Court to man", "text": "NEW YORK: A court in the US has ordered a man to post an apology to his estranged wife on his Facebook page for 30 days to avoid a 60-day jail sentence for blasting her on the social networking site, a case that stirred controversy over freedom of speech rights.Mark Byron, a Cincinnatibased photographer, was so bothered by his pending divorce and child visitation issues that he wrote a nasty note to vent out his frustration, Los Angeles Times said. \"If you are an evil, vindictive woman who wants to ruin your husband's life and take your son's father away from him completely - all you need to do is say you're scared of your husband or domestic partner and they'll take him away!\" it said.Despite Byron blocking his wife from his Facebook wall, she learnt of the post which touched off a battle .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039392", "title": "Two-timing colleges may face varsity whip", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras is cracking down on arts and science colleges that do not prescribe to norms. Self-financing arts and science colleges that have started other institutions, including engineering and teacher training colleges, on the same campus could be disaffiliated, it has said.Three arts and science colleges were disaffiliated last month for not having adequate infrastructure and faculty and two other colleges given time till March 31 to fill up teacher vacancies and appoint qualified principals.On the sidelines of the university's academic council meeting on Saturday, vice-chancellor G Tiruvasagam, said, \"Colleges are not supposed to encroach and make use of land exclusively meant for the use of an arts and science college. But we find that some managements share land, buildings, and sometimes even teachers between their arts and science and engineering colleges. Such flouting of norms can be considered as grounds for disaffiliation.\"The land required to set up an arts and science college within city limits is three acres now. Some colleges, launched when the requirement was 10 acres have since used the same land documents to get approval for engineering colleges, teacher training colleges, teacher training institutes and even schools.An inspection committee comprising members of the university syndicate has been set up to conduct inquiries and find out land availability, whether the same piece of land has been put to multiple uses and whether any other college or school has been started on the same land.After its report is submitted, college managements will be given a chance to offer explanations. If found unsatisfactory, the syndicate can recommend their disaffiliation. The process will be completed before the start of the next academic year, Thiruvasagam said.The university has only approved 42 of 114 new courses colleges have sought approval for.It has received eight applications for starting new self-financing arts and science colleges and to start colleges that offer professional courses like MBA and MCA.\"Through the disaffiliation of the three colleges last month the university wants to send out a message to affiliated colleges to have adequate infrastructure and faculty. The university cannot always be a spectator,\" Thiruvasagam said.The college development council has drawn up a list of faculty of each college with qualification and photographs, so there can be no duplication. This information will be soon put up on a website.Colleges are not supposed to encroach and make use of land exclusively meant for the use of an arts and science collegeG Thiruvasagam | Vice-chancellor, university of Madras", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12039748", "title": "Nepal comes to city to woo tourists", "text": "INDORE: The Nepal Tourism Board (NTB) embarked on a road show in city on Saturday in a bid to woo more tourists from here to the Himalayan country.Diwakar Bikram Rana, officiating director, Tourism promotion, NTB said, \"India is the most significant for the Nepalese tourism industry with approximately one-third of the Indian travelers comprise the total market share.The Indian market is important for both in terms of value and volume.\"Sharing the tourism inflow figures, he said that in 2011, Nepal received 154,735 tourists from India by air, which is 28% increase as compared to the same period during 2010. The Indian tourist arrivals in January 2012 showed a growth of 29.2% as compared to the figures during the corresponding period the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmednagar", "code": "12041548", "title": "2014 will be a year of change, says Anna Hazare", "text": "AHMEDNAGAR: Social activist and anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare on Saturday said that 2014 would be \"the year of change\".Inaugurating the 'National Youth Integration Camp' organised by Snehalaya and National Youth Project, Hazare said, \"Mentality of the Indian youth is changing rapidly, and the year 2014 would be the year of change. If the youth resolve, they can change the system.\"The next general elections are due on 2014. The anti-corruption crusader, who has been accused by senior Congress leaders of acting at the behest of RSS and BJP, however added that \"change of power\" was not the goal of his nor his associates.Hazare said that every problem before the country could not be blamed on the system, the political parties and the government. \"Everyone among us must resolve to undertake a small effort, as per the individual capacity, to improve the life of the most backward person in the society,\" he said.He also said that for any agitation/protest programme to succeed, its promoters must have some creative work to their credit, which gives them credibility. \"I have been working for the last forty years. Therefore the society stood by me (in the anti-corruption struggle).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12039410", "title": "Days later, memories of robbery haunt bank staff", "text": "CHENNAI: Every time the tinted glass door of the Indian Overseas Bank (IOB) branch in Keelkattalai opens suddenly, the staff literally freeze. The feeling of a gun held to the temple, they say, hasn't left them - even five days after the robbery. The staff of the Bank of Baroda (BOB) branch in Perungudi, robbed on January 23, appear to be in a similar state of mind.On Saturday afternoon, staff at the IOB branch had their eyes trained on every customer trooping in. \"We do not expect anybody after 12.30pm. It is not even a full day since we recounted the horror during Friday's inquiry, so it is natural to be wary,\" said a woman employee who was among those asked to identify the bodies of the suspects. \"Seeing the bodies didn't bother me. But seeing their faces brought back the incident to me.\"Those who had guns pressed to their temples seemed the most traumatized. \"We need to put it (the incident) behind us soon, but having to recount everything yesterday reminded us of the fear,\" said branch manager Shanmuga Sundaram. Now, after work, the employees say they try to rush home as soon as possible. \"Even at home, every time the bell rings, I jump. I always thought bank robberies happened only in English movies. Now even a murder story in the newspaper freaks me out,\" said another woman employee.After the robberies, both the branches have fixed CCTV cameras or surveillance cameras and uniformed guards on their premises. Even daily customers are questioned. The fear, however, remains. \"These measures have come in now. We will know how effective they are only when something happens.\"BOB staff say the burglary alarm at their branch is an example of how security measures are not always helpful. \"The alarm is very reachable, but in that moment of fear with guns pointed at us, we couldn't gather the courage to press it,\" says an employee. Others say basic security drills and training was conducted for all.\"We have got basic training. That was how we memorized the robbers' faces even through the fear\". They say a number of nervous customers are clearing out their lockers and closing their deposits. \"Many have come to check if their jewellery is still there. Others have closed their deposits and lockers,\" said an employee.Banks can avail police protectionBank branches located in vulnerable areas can avail police protection under provisions of the police standing order. But seldom do banks seek police protection, said Chennai city police commissioner J K Tripathy. \"In case of such requests, we take a decision based on the police strength. Banks which avail police protection have to bear the costs,\" said Tripathy.Treasury branches in every district, where a huge amount of cash is stocked at any given point of time, is guarded by armed policemen. Normally, one head constable and four constables provide security at every treasury", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039425", "title": "Central Railway's Parel workshop rolls out 100th engine", "text": "In a landmark achievement , Central Railway (CR)'s Parel workshop has rolled out its 100th indigenously manufactured engine.The engine comes with a micro-processor based control system, which activates the brakes and cuts off the fuel supply in case of any fault in the engine.\"Passenger safety was given topmost priority while designing the new locomotive,\" chief manager of the Parel workshop Sumit Sharma told TOI. \"There could be a possibility of the engine driver being inattentive or not controlling the systems properly. In the new engine (a WDS 6 loco), a vigilance-controlled device is active every 90 seconds . It can detect any fault in the engine, be it the pressure levels or the working of various components in the locomotive . If there is a slight fault, it will indicate it on a computerized panel before bringing the loco to a halt.\" The new engine, which was flagged off from the workshop recently, will be attached to long-distance trains. The workshop has already lined up 14 more engines with micro-processor based controls to be manufactured in coming months.The Parel workshop, which was originally set up for repairs and rehab of diesel locomotives, has been manufacturing engines since March 2007. While this is the workshop's 100th WDS 6 locomotive , it has also manufactured 43 WDG-3 A type engines (those used in goods/freight wagon trains).The Parel workshop had recently set up a GPS-based remote monitoring and management of locomotive and train (REMMLOT) system to enable monitoring of the micro-processor locomotive's location , health and faults. This workshop is the first-of-itskind in Indian Railways to install the REMMLOT system on locomotives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12039707", "title": "More CBI raids in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: Under its ongoing investigation in National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) raided many places including the residence of a retired chief medical officer in Jawahar Nagar Extension in the city area on Saturday. According to reports, a team of CBI officials raided the house of retired CMO Krishna Murari Tiwari in Jawahar Nagar area.Tiwari, who was posted in Ballia as CMO, managed to escape. But the CBI team took his son Kshitij Tiwari, who is also a medical officer, under custody. After conducting a search operation at Tiwari's residence, the CBI officials reached a bank with Kshitij and his mother Sahileja Tiwari to check their accounts and lockers. The outcome of this exercise could not become clear.Some officials admitted that the raids, search operations and interrogation took place at many place, but even they were unaware about the actual number of places where the CBI teams had reached on Saturday. It was stated that one team of CBI also reached the residence of a former CMO of Chandauli in Ashok Vihar Colony for interrogation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038481", "title": "Cops questioned in Sadiq Jamal encounter case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Saturday questioned three members of DySP Tarun Barot's team in connection with the Sadiq Jamal encounter case.Those questioned included two drivers and a head constable, Nizamuddin Saiyed. There are allegations that before the encounters, Barot along with these two drivers and Saiyed had gone to Mumbai, where encounter specialist Daya Nayak handed over the custody of Sadiq to them. The Bhavnagar youth was then killed in an encounter on January 13, 2003 after being brought to Ahmedabad.CBI sources said that all the three have denied all allegations. These two drivers accompanied Barot on June 15, 2004 during the operation carried out by the city crime branch, wherein Ishrat Jahan and three others were killed.CBI officials claim that the probe in Sadiq encounter case is nearing an end, and the agency might not require another extension. CBI may declare it a fake encounter much before its second term is over on June 30.However, among the hurdles being faced by CBI in this investigation is deposition of key witness, Mumbai-based journalist Ketan Tirodkar, who has moved the high court alleging that CBI has been harassing him. His petition is scheduled to be heard next week.Tirodkar had confessed before a MCOCA court of aiding in illegal detention of Sadiq by Nayak and then ultimate handing over the boy to Gujarat police. He revealed this information in 2004, when there was a split between him and Nayak. He was arrested on basis of his confession.Sadiq's brother, Shabbir moved Gujarat high court in 2007 demanding thorough probe in the case by CBI. The high court on June 16 last year directed CBI to take up the investigation after it was contended that Gujarat police had not probed the case.Last month, when CBI sought an extension of six months from the high court, it complained against the state government that it did not provide any infrastructure to carry out the probe, which resulted in delay. The high court pulled up the government asking it to allot office space to CBI immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038813", "title": "Hotelier alleges extortion call by villager", "text": "GURGAON: The city police have registered a case of extortion on the basis of a complaint of a hotelier against a resident of Ullahwas village. According to the police, the businessman received a threat from the accused, who had demanded Rs 50 lakh in return for his and his family's safety.According to the police, one Kunwar Surajpal \"Ammu\", a well-known city businessman and owner of a resort located on Damdama road, Sohna, had filed a complaint with Sohna police on Friday about the extortion demand call. According to the complaint, the caller had given his name as Khadag Singh, a resident of Ullahwas village. He threatened to kill him and his family, if he failed to give the extortion money of Rs 50 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12038134", "title": "Pakistani scholar thanks Modi for security", "text": "VADODARA: Pakistani Islamic scholar Tahir-ul-Qadri on his first visit to Gujarat thanked Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi for the security arrangements provided to him by the state government.Dr Qadri, known for his strong views against terrorism and extremism, however, refused to comment on 2002 communal riots. Dr Qadri is in Gujarat since Friday night to lay foundation stone of India headquarters of Minhaj-ul-Quran International (MQI) in Karjan on Saturday evening. Speaking to mediapersons ahead of the function in Karjan, he said that he did not have personal knowledge of provincial states of India and political leaders of the country.\"But it is my first visit to Gujarat and special security arrangements have been provided by the state government and Gujarat chief minister by providing Z plus security cover to me. I thank the CM for this,\" he said. On repeated questions posed by mediapersons on the 2002 communal riots, Dr Qadri insisted that he was not visiting Gujarat to speak on specific incidents or events, but termed the incidents as unfortunate.\"I won't speak on specific events. My talk in letter and spirit is just for peace and harmony. Violence at any place, killing of mankind should be condemned, but I de-link it with the events (Godhra riots) you are referring to,\" he said, adding that while delivering public lectures in India he will speak about Quran and its message of peace while keeping Bhagwad Gita in his hand.Dr Qadri said nobody can rectify whatever has happened in the past. \"Nobody can regenerate or recreate past, but efforts should be made to prevent such events in future. The only way is to look for a better future, create an atmosphere of togetherness for which mutual tolerance is necessary,\" he said. Stressing that his efforts are for inter-faith, inter-cultural harmony at global level, Dr Qadri said that although he had limited public interaction with people in Gujarat, members of MQI in Gujarat had informed him that now the situation is under control in Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "12038902", "title": "Yeddyurappa, daughter booked in land allotment scam", "text": "SHIMOGA: Lokayukta police filed an FIR against former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, his daughter B Y Arunadevi and six others on a complaint lodged by local advocate Vinod Kumar in the special court here on Saturday. The case has been filed under Section 13(1) of the Indian Penal Code.The advocate alleged that Arunadevi got four sites in the Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) colony at Kashipura Extension in Shimoga which were allotted to four of her assistants in 2007 under the journalist quota. She reportedly prevailed on her father, then deputy chief minister, to allot sites (each measuring 135sqft) to Shivashankara, Krishna, Sandesha Gowda and Manjuanth who worked in her institution. She mentioned that all four were senior journalists.Yeddyurappa wrote to the then housing commissioner Dyaberi to allot four adjacent sites to the four people in July 2007 under the Press quota. As per the commissioner's direction, assistant executive engineer S Haleshappa, without verifying the records or antecedents of the applicants, allotted the sites in violation of rules.The KHB authority allotted the sites and registered them in the name of the allottees. A few months later, Arunadevi transferred all four sites to her name and registered the sites by showing she bought all the four by paying a premium.Sensing foul play in the allotment and later transfer of sites, advocate Vinod filed a complaint in the district special court seeking cancellation of allotment and initiating action of all eight people involved in the fraud. The court found a prima facie case and directed the Lokayukta to investigate. Police have filed FIR against all the eight people - Yeddyurappa, Arunadevi, KHB commissioner, executive engineer and four beneficiaries involved in the illegal deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038464", "title": "Dead notary's authorization used in land scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Vastrapur police has lodged an offence of cheating and forgery against seven persons in connection with a land deal in Bodakdev. The event transpired after an affidavit was notarized in 2010 in the name of a notary V M Hindolcha, who passed away in 2005.According to the complainant Laxman Thakor, a farmer said, Jagdish Chauhan from Pashina of Idar taluka and six others conspired in 2009-10 to usurp his plot in Bodakdev village. He came to know about the conspiracy in July last year when he published an advertisement inviting objections for title clearance of the plot. To his surprise, he received an objection from Chauhan's lawyer and only then did he come to know about the conspiracyhatched to usurp his land, he claimed in his FIR. Thakor's lawyer alleged that they tried to lodge a police complaint, but failed despite repeated attempts. The officials refused to accept the complaint on the ground that the FSL reports were not clear regarding thumb impressions.Finally, the issue reached Gujarat high court, where Thakor's counsel explained how Chauhan and six others allegedly prepared a forged Power of Attorney in December 2009 in his name and gave it to one Ramesh Thakor by affirming a false affidavit, again in his name.Vastrapur police inspector Y R Gamit agreed to lodge an FIR as soon as the high court began taking note of the fact that an affidavit in the name of the complainant was notarized by one V M Hindolcha in November 2010, but he had died on February 11, 2005. The complainant placed Hindolcha's death certificate before the court. When police expressed willingness to lodge his plaint, Thakor withdrew his petition.Thakor claimed in his FIR that the accused persons had tried to usurp the land at a cheap price of Rs 1.48 crore, whereas the plot is valued at Rs 4.6 crore at the jantri rate. He also claimed that though the documents furnished by the accused bear thumb impressions, he is not illiterate and puts his signature wherever it is required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038336", "title": "Travelling redefined", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Anyone can be a traveller, but very few are explorers. And the difference between the two is felt in every photograph at the L &amp; P Hutheesing Visual Art Centre where Mukesh Shah takes Amdavadis on a visual journey through India's nooks and corners through Wanderclicks. \"It isn't the travelling that excites me, it's meeting new people and discovering new places that draws me towards photography. And these aren't just photographs captured on camera and put on display; these are moments and stories of everyday life, which make them all the more special,\" says Shah.Shah began his love for photography in 2002 shooting wildlife in India for a couple of years. But somehow, the charm of nature and people became the driving force behind his passion.And so, as you move from one photograph to the other, you come across how, with no effort, the essence of the landscape captured comes alive. Shah begins his exhibit with scenes from Europe and viewers are swept away with glimpses of Venice, Vienna, Slovenia and others, where even something as simple as a quaint coffee shop along the pavement seems alluring.And when you begin your journey through the streets of India, you're blown away by the sheer vibrancy that bursts through each photograph. The ethnic and geographical diversities of the seven sisters in the east, the exemplary beauty of Ladakh and the winding roads of the Silk Route are just as enchanting as a shot of Banaras in the early morning light, which speaks of what has been and what is yet to come, and the explosion of colour during Holi celebrations in Nandgaon, which incidentally, has won the Lalitkala Academy award.\"For me, photography is about bonding with people and this exhibition is a testimony to that. Besides, it is also a tribute to my wife, Swati, who is an inspiration to me, and 27th of February, which is the last day of the exhibition, is her birthday,\" says Shah, who runs a travel agency in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12039837", "title": "Temple tanks in Kanyakumari to be spruced up", "text": "MADURAI: Temple tanks belonging to some of the most ancient temples in Kanyakumari district, including that of the famous five-acre Suseendram tank, are all set to get an image makeover. The Nagercoil chapter of the Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) has taken the initiative to get the tanks cleaned through the process of bioremediation.Speaking to this newspaper, Dr R S Lal Mohan, convenor of the Nagercoil chapter of INTACH said that their organisation had recently conducted a study to review the condition of temple tanks in the region. They found that the tanks of the Parvathipuram Venu Gopalaswamy temple, Krishnankoil teppakulam, Kasi Viswanathar temple, Thazhuviya Mahadevar temple, Azhagammankoil teppakulam were highly contaminated.People who visit these ancient temples also bathe in the temple tank as part of the ritual and the presence of e-coli bacteria was found to be alarmingly high. According to international standards, the permissible limit of e-coli bacteria content is 10 units per 100 ml of water, but these tanks contained 3,000 units per 100 ml of water. Hence, they decided to go in for the process of bioremediation.According Sekar, the project in charge from JM Environment technology, bioremediation involves using micro organisms to clean highly polluted environments and is one of the most effective and cost effective ways to do so. \"We are using a product called CERSNICKETY 713, which is a blend of seven kinds of different bacteria, for this specific project. These bacteria which are kept in dormant form in laboratory conditions are activated and added into the water that has to be cleaned. They then destroy the harmful bacteria and bring about a remarkable change in the water,\" he said.According to Lal Mohan, in the first phase, they would work on the big tank and the smaller pathirakulam (tank where the vessels of the temple are washed during festivals). They would then tackle the tanks of the Kasi Viswanathar temple and Azhagammankoil tank. The feasibility for other tanks would have to be worked out, but we would like to be able to clean the entire area, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12040025", "title": "Three youth held for double murder", "text": "MADURAI: Three youth, including two school students were arrested for a brutal double murder in Madurai.The victims, an 80-year-old woman and her daughter were relatives of the prime accused, a 21-year-old youth, who reportedly told the police that he killed them as the two women ill-treated his mother, who happened to be the stepdaughter of the aged woman.The prime accused was identified as G Saravanan (21), son of Gangadharan - Soundara Beevi couple, residents of Vaigai Road in Samayanallur. His two friends , who were also arrested, were studying plus one at a government higher secondary school in the locality.Police said that Alagammal had allegedly ill-treated Beevi, who was the daughter of her husband Nagore Pichai's first wife. Alagammal's daughter Selvarani also joined the alleged harassment ever since the death of Nagore Pichai. The two women were also in the habit of scolding Saravanan and abuse him.Even as Saravanan was nursing a grudge against the two women for the ill-treatment, he suspected that the two were also planning to take away all the properties of Pichai and deceive his mother Beevi by refusing her share. Saravanan decided to execute Selvarani and sought the help of his two friends. The three then bought knives from Theni and went to the house of Selvarani in a farmhouse on Vaigai Road at Samayanallur on February 21. As soon as they spotted Selvarani, they attacked her with the knives. Alagammal, who heard the cries of Selvarani rushed out to see her in a pool of blood. Even before she could raise an alarm, the three stabbed her as well.The accused then fled the spot and went to places like Kanyakumari and Trichy for the next three days. The two murders came to light only two days later after a foul smell emanated from the house, which was locked from outside. The police first took Saravanakumar for interrogation during which he reportedly confessed to committing the crime.Later, the two school boys were picked up from their house. While one of them had been sent to juvenile home at Melur, two were sent to the observation home in Madurai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039151", "title": "Strong arm, level head suit job", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stereotypes about bouncers are almost as common as the nightclubs they guard. The men are assumed to be big, brawny and aggressive. Although they stand strong and silent at entry and exit gates of bars and clubs, there's a lot more to the life of a typical bouncer.The recent physical assault on a nightclub's chief security officer, Bhupender Nagar, by a guest who was denied entry highlights the perils of the job. In a city where money and high-profile connections reign supreme, bouncers play the unenviable role of standing in the way of the mighty. They might be gym junkies, bodybuilders, or even uneducated, but their ability to judge people, understand behaviour and stay composed is most crucial.\"It's about mental cool,\" says Parvin Nayyar, owner, Capitol. \"Bouncers need to be very calm and know how to handle guests. Often, intoxicated customers are violent and abusive, and bouncers need to show restraint,\" he adds. Nayyar says they hire bouncers after a stringent background check, and have a special team for training the men. Managers talk to them before every shift, and the bouncers also go through meditation sessions to remain stress-free.\"Bouncers definitely need to look intimidating and have a fighter instinct to back their manager, but their profile goes beyond that. They need to be able to recognize people, look for signs of narcotics, and be able to prevent a brawl without violence,\" says Aftab Sidhu, who has been in the hospitality industry for over a decade. His company, Spark Hospitality, trains bouncers on expressions and body language as well.Despite the common notion that bouncers rough up guests, those in the industry say that's the last resort. \"They have to avoid mishaps and are instructed to not get agitated. Their interaction with guests is minimal, and when a situation goes out of hand, they have to call the managers or the cops,\" says Pardeep Kumar of City Securicor, an organization that supplies security guards.\"Bouncers are not allowed to lash back at any guest, and need to be polite even when reprimanding. Their job is to separate two brawling parties, and if need be, escort them out of the premises. Beyond that, it's the call of the management,\" says Sanjay Jaiswal, general manager, Urban Pind.Neeraj Singh Rathore, a bouncer with four years' experience, says people are quick to judge him for his profession, but it's one of the most demanding. \"We have to deal with all kinds of people, especially high profile ones, who feel they can get away with anything. We have to treat them differently because sometimes they have their own guards, and they bring most of the business,\" he says. It doesn't, however, end at that. He works out for at least two hours a day, watches what he eats, and takes multiple supplements to look the part.Although Rathore hails from Uttar Pradesh himself, he says most bouncers are Delhi locals, or from places like Najafgarh, Sonepat, and Gurgaon in Haryana. \"People in Haryana are generally bigger built,\" he says. But all bouncers share a background in gyms, bodybuilding, or even martial arts like karate and taekwondo.With an ever-growing club culture, the need for quality bouncers has also increased tremendously, as every place has different requirements. \"We have even sent bouncers to parties thrown by high school students,\" says AK Singh, IT manager at Secura Security, which supplies bouncers for single events as well as full-time work. We need presentable bouncers, who can speak a little English for high-profile places. They need to be well-groomed, and follow a dress code,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039177", "title": "Drug abuse in Punjab jails: HC notice to state", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking up a plea seeking directions to control the menace of drug abuse in various jails of Punjab, the Punjab and Haryana high court on Saturday put the state home department, DGP (prisons) and director of state health services on notice.While issuing the notice, a division bench headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi asked the state authorities to file a reply on the issue before the court. The matter reached before the high court through a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a local NGO, Lawyers for Human Rights International (LHRI), seeking issuance of direction to the state government to formulate an action plan jointly by the departments of police, prisons, health with the help of NGOs working in the field. The PIL suggested that it is the only way through which jails in Punjab, that have become safe haven for narcotic traders and consumers, can be made drug free.Petitioner's counsel Navkiran Singh said that at present alcohol, opium and sophisticated drugs like cocaine and heroin are easily available in Punjab jails. Singh stated that there are some narcotic traders who are lodged in the jails and even though they have been able to obtain bail from their respective courts they are not filling their bails bonds, because the trade of narcotics is more profitable inside the jails and also safe since the jail staff is easily pliable.The PIL also submitted that out of the 18,000 prisoners lodged in various jails of Punjab, 30% of them are charged with illegal possession of drugs. In Patiala Central Jail alone, out of the total 1,910 inmates, 1,100 are reported to be undergoing trials or serving terms under NDPS Act. Even women inmates are accused of such offences. To manage 18,000 prisoners there are 2000 sanctioned staff in the jail department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12039085", "title": "24 hours on, no arrests in mock drill tragedy", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after Nalini Ramakrishna trusted the department of fire and emergency services with her life and participated in a mock drill, only to fall to her death, authorities have not made any arrests so far.The field staff, who staged the drill at a Peenya factory, said no net or mattresses were used during the exercise. A mock drill conducted in an Yehswantpur garment factor on Friday to showcase its abilities and educate people on tackling fire emergencies turned fatal for the 23-year-old welfare officer, who volunteered to participate in the mock drill. While climbing down from the third floor, the rope snapped, throwing Nalini to the hard ground.Yet, the jurisdictional RMC Yard police have not gone beyond registering a complaint. No arrests were made on Saturday.The fire and emergency services department officials admit that it was negligence by their personnel, which resulted in the death of a volunteer. But the department has neither suspended nor issued notices to anyone. Ironically, the department heads have begun talking in terms of the factory management's culpability in the incident.Besides, the department has not even offered to compensate Nalini's family.\"This is not a matter to be discussed across the table. We definitely know it was negligence by department personnel. There could have been lapses from their part,\" said A R Infant, director general of fire and emergency services, Civil Defence and Home Guards.Infant hastened to add: \"A high-level inquiry by a chief fire officer from Mangalore has been ordered. The inquiry officer has been told to submit the report within a week. Parallel to this, police will also investigate circumstances that led to the accident. We will compile both and come to a conclusion.\"He said compensation will be settled only after the inquiry report is out.Asked why no arrests had been made yet, Infant said: \"We do not want to pre-empt the investigation. We had conducted bigger drills at Prestige Tech Park in Marathahalli, Outer Ring Road and another at Manipal Hospital. Such things might happen as there is an element of risk during such operations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12039328", "title": "2 cops suspended for laxity in murder case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two constables posted at Mohanlalganj were suspended late on Friday night for laxity on their part in the Asha murder case. The two constables were identified as Anees Ahmed and Jamuna Yadav. According to reports, Asha Kashyap went missing from Rajeev K Dutt's house at Don Bosco Institute Colony on Monday morning. Asha had been working with Dutts for the past over two years.Unable to trace Asha anywhere, Rajeev lodged a complaint of missing at the Mohanlalganj police. Strangely, the cops did not inform any of the senior police officials and sat on the complaint. However, on Tuesday evening, body of Asha was fished out from the pool at the house of Dutt.During the course of investigation, Dutt told about the missing complaint to DIG DK Thakur on Wednesday night. After cross-checking, the DIG found the claims of Rajeev true and order an inquiry into the matter.Circle officer Tribhuwan Nath Tripathi conducted an inquiry and found that both Anees and Jamuna were at fault. According to reports, while one of the constables, who received the application, kept it on the table and left the police station without informing the constable who later joined the shift.However, when a search was made to trace the complaint, the two constables got scared and tore the complaint without informing anyone. It was after this casual approach that the DIG ordered suspension of the two cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12037173", "title": "HSC students reassigned centres hour before exam", "text": "MUMBAI: Inadequate seating arrangements for examinees on Saturday led to yet another round of confusion, trauma and panic among students sitting for this year's HSC examination. Several students were forced to shift to another sub-centre at Badlapur an hour before their exam was scheduled to commence after authorities found more students reporting to the original centre than they could accommodate.This is the latest in a series of goof-ups that have left students traumatized as they sit for one of the most crucial examinations of their academic career. On the first day of the examination, TOI had reported on students who faced unnecessary tension after they were given multiple centres for six papers. State education officials have blamed inadequate number of junior colleges in Mumbai for the chaos.The group of students who were reassigned centres at the last minute had a harrowing time, and said they were shocked when the authorities at the Badlapur centre asked to them to shift to another exam hall in the area when there was barely an hour left for the exam to commence. \"The centre received more students than it could have accommodated. So, we sent the rest of the students to a sub-centre before the examination started,\" an official told TOI. For the students, however, it was not so simple; many complained of the harassment they were forced to go through before they could take the exam.A slew of malpractices and cheating cases were also reported on Saturday. After boasting of 'zero malpractices' during the HSC exams on the first two days, nine cases of copying were registered with the Mumbai division. Three major papers in each of the three streams were slotted on Saturday. One case was registered at a sub-centre under Maharshi Dayanand Junior in Parel. Another was registered at a sub-centre with KMES Society's English Medium School in Bhiwandi. The students will be allowed to sit for the remaining papers, but an inquiry will be set up by the board. \"Once the report is out, we will decide what action can be taken,\" said divisional board secretary Ravindra Bhise.Helpline personnel fielded calls from HSC students as well as 200 SSC students asking about their centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12038833", "title": "\u2018Notebook hints at Malad plot being premeditated\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: After the children of the Malad woman, who was attacked by an orchestra owner, said the notebook in which the accused had written a suicide note did not belong to them, the police established that it was written before the Friday's mayhem and the murder-and-suicide attempt was premeditated.On Friday afternoon, Jayesh Goswami (36) slit the throat of a 34-year-old singer, Sonal Goyani, at her Malad residence before attempting to end his own life on Friday afternoon. The police said both the accused and the victim were now out of danger, but they were not fit enough to give their statements.After the neighbours alerted the Malad police about the incident, a team reached the Goyanis' flat and had to break open the bathroom door to find a bleeding Goswami inside. In the house, the police found Goswami's bag, which had a notebook and an expensive spray, besides other belongings in it. Except for the page where Goswami had written that he had been in an intimate relationship with Sonal for years, the rest of the notebook was blank, the police said. To ascertain when the \"suicide note\" was written, the police asked the Goyanis' two children to identify the notebook. Both confirmed that it did not belong to them. The police also said there was no bloodstain on it. \"The children have said that the notebook did not belong to them and it does not have any bloodstain on it. Going by the clues, we suspect that Goswami brought the book along with him after writing the suicide note in it. It indicates that he had already hatched a plot and visited the house with an intention to kill the woman.\"In the note, Goswami claimed that he, along with Sonal, made a suicide pact as she had problems with her husband. But in his police statement, Sonal's husband, Hetalbhai, denied having any dispute with his wife and told the police that the accused was trying to tarnish his wife's image. A senior police officer said prima facie, Goswami seemed to have affection for Sonal, who did not reciprocate his feelings. Sonal used to sing at religious functions where the accused got acquainted with her. Goswami was married with a child.According to the police, Sonal let Goswami enter her house after he pleaded that this would be the last time he would speak to her. Telling him to finish quickly, Sonal, who was alone at home, entered the kitchen when Goswami slit her throat with a kitchen knife. Screaming for help, Sonal ran out of the house, locked the door from outside and alerted the neighbours. Meanwhile, Goswami locked himself in the bathroom and slit his own throat, the police said. Goswami has been booked for attempt to murder and suicide bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12038424", "title": "Maiden mobile court for disabled", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The first-ever mobile court for the disabled persons in the state was inaugurated here on Saturday on the Town Hall premises by chief commissioner of physically challenged Prasanna Kumar Pincha in presence of about 2,000 disabled people who had turned up from far-flung areas from different parts of North Chhotanagpur division.Pincha said that his main aim as chief commissioner is to bring physically challenged people into the mainstream of society.Pincha said that he was glad that in Jharkhand, state disabled commissioner Satish Chandra have taken major steps by redressing 7,500 cases of disabled and described it as the best in the country. He asked the disabled people not to lose heart as he has moved the Centre to fill all posts through the reservation quota meant for the disabled persons. Hazaribag DC Manish Ranjan said that in all 18,215 people have been identified as physically challenged by organizing various camps and meetings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038982", "title": "Muslim radicals plan 'siege' of Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: Law-enforcers in the city are keeping a close watch on the activities of an Islamic radical group - shariah4hind - that has given the call for a mass rally around the Parliament to demand the enforcement of the Shariah laws. The group, through its website shariah4hind.com, has denounced the Indian Constitution and asked Indian Muslims to protest on March 2 and 3. The website has been blocked after Delhi Police received a complaint in this regard. The Bhagat Singh Kranti Sena has also petitioned Delhi high court to stop this rally.The government has been requested not to issue visa to Sheikh Anjem Choudary, the London-based leader of the group, as the rally could create communal tension in the country. But, Choudary has announced they will hold a video conference with other leaders in Lebanon on March 2 and 3 and broadcast it.The website, shariah4hind.com claims to have issued a fatwa against Indian political leaders and the Indian Constitution, calling the move of their group as \"India's biggest Muslim uprising\". The website claims that their first targets will be Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , senior BJP leader L K Advani, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi . The website has a countdown timer to the event, which has sent the agencies into a tizzy.Choudary spoke to TOI over telephone from London . He advocated for the Shariah law: \"According to the Shariah, Muslims are not allowed to participate in the elections, which have been going on in India, or vote for any party like BJP, Congress or SP. Muslims must not abide by any other law but the law of Allah.\"Senior Delhi Police officers said they will not allow any such rally in the city. Sources said they will also try to stop the broadcast of live speeches of Choudary and Sheikh Omar Bakri Muhammad , worldwide leader of Al-Muhajiroun, on March 3.Choudary further told TOI that if he does not get the visa from Indian High Commission, he would go ahead with the programme and ask all the Muslims to gather near the Parliament. The website claims that the protesters would assemble at the Parliament from Raisina Road, Rajya Sabha Marg and Red Cross Road.\"A Delhi Police officer had also called me up, asking me to cancel the programme; but I told him that it will not be cancelled as we don't abide by your laws or courts. They cannot stop Muslims from rising,\" he said.Delhi Police said the content of the website is defamatory in nature, and if needed, they might register a case against it.The website, shariah4hind.com claims to have issued a fatwa against Indian political leaders &amp; the Indian Constitution, calling the move of their group as \"India's biggest Muslim uprising\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039641", "title": "Mother of two gang-raped in Berasia", "text": "BHOPAL: Barely two days after a gang rape in Indore, three persons allegedly gang-raped a mother of two in Berasia, some 35 km from Bhopal late on Friday. This was the fourth incident of gang-rape in a week's time.The incident took place when the 30-year-old woman, the wife of Than Singh, a farmer and a resident of Khajdamishr village, had gone out to dispose of waste water.The three persons allegedly roughed her up and took turns to rape her, the police said.The police said the alleged victim was alone at the time of incident and her husband had gone out to his relative's place. The victim told her husband about the crime and the two went to a police station and registered a case against the three accused. The three were arrested soon after the case was registered in the night, the police added.The police said the three accused, identified as Radheshyam, Laxmi and Gulab Singh, are farmers and residents of the same village.The police said the condition of woman suggested that she was brutally assaulted. The woman was taken for medical examination on Saturday.The police said victim's husband and the three accused had an old enmity. All of them had also registered cases and counter-cases against each other in the past.The complainant is in a state of shock, the police said, adding that she has been shifted to Bhopal for better medical assistance, the police said.The police said the condition of woman suggested that she was brutally assaulted. The woman was taken for medical examination on Saturday9,926 rapes in state in three yearsMore than 9,926 incidents of rape were reported in the state in the past three years. In 2011, 3,381 women were allegedly raped. A year earlier, there were 3,220 incidents of rape and 3,071 in 2009. In the past three years, Bhopal reported 404 cases of rapes, going by figures tabled by Home Minister Uma Shankar Gupta in the ongoing assembly session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037179", "title": "Drunk woman ticket checker abuses commuters", "text": "A Central Railway woman ticket checker created a scene inside local train and misbehaved with commuters inside a local train on Friday night. She entered the train in an inebriated state and allegedly used vulgar language with commuters, in the guise of checking tickets. Commuters handed her over to GRP officials at Ambernath station. The GRP officials then called the RPF officials, who took her to Rukminbai Hospital in Kalyan for medical examination. The primary medical report suggested that she had consumed alcohol.Police said that lady TC who is posted at Dombivli railway station after completing his duty at 9pm on Friday night she along with her husband was going to his residence at Ambernath but before that they halted at Ulhasnagar where they enjoyed the party at hotel where both allegedly consumed the liquor.After which she again took a boarded local train at Ulhasnagar railway station to reached Ambernath where she resides with her husband.While going to house lady TC boarded general compartment while her husband boarded another compartment.Talking to TOI, Joseph Abraham, senior police inspector of Kalyan Railway Protection Force (RPF) said, \"After boarding train lady TC started misbehaving with commuters in the name of checking their tickets and started using vulgar words which suspected commuters doubt about her and after she reached to Ambernath railway station commuters called to GRP police officials and handed them\".GRP police officials then called Railway Police Force who then took her to Rukminbai Hospital in Kalyan for medical examination where primary report of doctors suggested that she had consumed alcohol.However for the final report the doctor had sent blood sample to Forensic Laboratory in Bandra which is expected to come in three to four days.\"We are still to file any FIR in this matter but we have sent detailed report to senior central railway officials for the departmental action against her\". added, Abraham.The police have found that lady TC had some family problems with her husband and it might be the reason that in depression she consumed liquor and then created scene.\"We will first study police inquiry and then as per that we will take action in to the matter\" said V Chandrasekhar, senior Public Relation Officer of Central Railway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12040032", "title": "Why are planespotters in deep trouble?", "text": "They wait for hours near an airport and then, suddenly, they are propelled by the scruff of their collar. Some are slapped, others beaten. Some are branded terrorists, others hauled to the police station. And all because they love taking photos of airplanes. Welcome to the world of planespotting - an innocent pursuit whose followers are now being forced to do it surreptitiously, thanks to the ignorance and short-sightedness of authorities.For many of them, capturing a majestic A-380, a dreamy B787 or a noisy IL-76 on film is as heady as flying. Mumbai-based financial analyst Vishal Jolapara says, \"Planespotting is an enthralling obsession world over. But what few realize is that not only are we capturing aviation history, but we can often also be the eyes and ears of the police and the airport community.\"A case in point: On February 15, 2010, two British planespotters were detained from a hotel near IGI airport , Delhi. The police claimed they were tracking flights. The duo insisted they hadn't done anything illegal. They were released, of course, but the incident just proved how risky, especially in these days of high and incessant security alerts, planespotting can be.Rutvij Talavdekar, a 23-year-old who lives in Mumbai, remembers being questioned inside a police jeep in 2010 while he was shooting. \"The police tried to confiscate my camera and it was only when I began speaking in Marathi that they let me go.\" Jolapara asks, \"Why would a potential wrong-doer venture into the open with a big, expensive camera when a tiny digi-cam can serve the purpose? If the authorities are so touchy, why not ban Google Earth?\"Abroad, though, the scene is slightly different. While Manchester airport has created artificial mounds for spotters to have a good view of planes, Sydney airport launched a planespotters' website on January 11 where photos of aircraft and information on vantage points can be shared. The Australian Federal Police promised to reward them with free airside bus tours and simulator flights if they informed them of suspicious activities around the airport. In the UK, the Bedfordshire police gives planespotters ID cards and car disks which have to be displayed on the dashboard to help security forces identify unattended vehicles.Arpit Agarwal, 24, a business analyst from Chandigarh recounts: \"In 2010, when I was taking photos outside Manchester airport, the police questioned me. But when I told them that I was a planespotter, they let me continue.\"It's only the Bangalore airport that has an official planespotting group of around 400 members. All permissions from regulatory and security agencies for photography are obtained by the airport. A special platform has been built for spotters and I-cards issued. \"Our thinking has always been that the airport belongs to the city and its citizens should feel a sense of ownership,\" says an airport spokesperson.As for other airports, they're a tangle of bureaucracy. A spokesperson at the Mumbai airport says planespotters should get prior approval from the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) to shoot pictures on the air side. E K Bharat Bhushan, D-G of DGCA, however, says no planespotter has approached him for permissions. \"The community can get in touch with us and we'll take it forward. But security is the first priority.\"That'd make people like Anand, who was willing only to give his first name, happy. Two years back, as he was photographing near Delhi airport, the police caught him. \"I was thrashed and treated like a criminal. My parents were called and I was sternly told to lay off this activity. I haven't done planespotting since.\" But he can still identify a plane just by its sound. \"A Russian IL-76 with its four engines in full throttle is a roar that tingles my senses,\" he says, excited like a kid. It seems a shame to douse such passion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12038082", "title": "Israeli writer to move HC", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Susan Nathan, the Israeli writer who has been asked to leave the country following the expiry of her visa period, will approach the division bench of the high court. Manjeri Sunder Raj, counsel for Susan, said the appeal before the division bench will be moved on Monday.Meanwhile, the police on Friday night intimated Susan about the order of the single bench which had asked the police to deport her to Israel . No time frame has been fixed for implementing order.Police said there is no need for issuing another 'quit notice' to her as the order had been served on her earlier. She challenged the order in the high court which gave its verdict in the issue the other day.Other Books clarifiesMeanwhile, Other Books has said that they have changed the title of the Malayalam translation of Susan Nathan's book 'The Other Side of Israel' as 'Israel: Athmavanchanakalude Puravrutham' as it 'captures the spirit and content of the book.' \"We have not done anything unethical. The translator has e-mailed the author, saying that the title of the translation would be 'Israel: The Chronicle of Self-deception', which Susan has not rejected,\" said M Noushad, editor, Other Books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037525", "title": "Post polls, NMC razes 28 houses under slum-free city project", "text": "NAGPUR: With civic elections over, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has restarted demolition of houses in slum areas for construction of flats for slum-dwellers under Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme.With a motive to make the country slum-free, the Central government had implemented BSUP scheme under which the slum-dwellers will be provided with posh 350 soft flats in place of their huts. The government had sanctioned funds of Rs 327.29 crore for construction of 9,829 flats in 23 slum areas situated in different parts of the city. Though the scheme is very good, the slum-dwellers are opposing the scheme citing the reason of the small size of flats. As the slum-dwellers are mass voters, the NMC officials had to stop the work due to immense protest from the corporators from both ruling and opposition groups. Many of the candidates in fray had assured the slum-dwellers to protect their houses during election campaign.Now, the election is over and new body is yet to come into the power. Not missing the chance, the NMC has restarted the drive. At 11am on Saturday, the team of NMC led by executive engineer and project director (slum) GD Jambhulkar and police personnel marched into the Jatarodi along with a JCB and trucks. Total 28 families were requested to vacate the houses and move into the transit camp located in the same area. Around 22 families moved to the transit camp but the remaining six protested the move. Corporator Raju Lokhande rushed to the spot and tried to stop the drive. He was detained by the police. After vacating the houses, NMC's machineries demolished the houses and ensured all families moved on to the transit camp.Lokhande who has extended support to BJP-led Nagpur Vikas Aghadi a couple of days ago called BJP city president Anil Sole. But he could not talk to Sole as the latter did not respond. He informed the matter to state minister Nitin Raut and leader of opposition leader Vikas Thakre who reached the spot, but the officials did not agree to stop the drive.Jambhulkar told TOI, NMC had already constructed two flat schemes with 11 and 22 flats in Jatarodi for a total target of 279. \"Beneficiaries have been given possession and also ownership right of the flats. They are very happy and other too wished to avail the scheme. The construction cost of each flat is Rs 5 lakh. But the NMC is providing flat at just Rs 35,000. Still, a few of the slum-dwellers are protesting as they are being misguided by local leaders. We will expedite the drive and ensure construction of 9,829 flats in 23 slum areas,\" he said.Of the target of 9,829 flats, NMC could start the construction of just 126 flats in Jingabai Takli, Jatarodi and Wanjara and hoped to complete more 1,170 flats. Bowing to protests and inordinate delay, NMC had sent a proposal to the government requesting to drop the construction of 8,533 flats. Firm on its stand for making the country free from slum, the government has denied to cancel the scheme in December 2011.There are 446 slums in the city including 289 notified. Around 36% population of the city are residing in these slums making Nagpur the fourth highest slum population city in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "12037641", "title": "Oil tanker catches fire inside petrol pump", "text": "JALPAIGURI: The prompt response of fire fighters helped avert an explosion at a petrol pump on Saturday afternoon. The incident occurred when an oil tanker caught fire at the petrol pump on Deshbandhu Chittaranjan Road in Jalpaiguri.The tanker was emptying oil into the pump's storage tank when the front portion caught fire due to short circuit in the engine. By the time workers at the petrol pump managed to stop transfer of the fuel, the front portion of the tanker was completely in flames. Several vehicles were inside the pump and few were also being filled when the incident happened.People who had come to refill their vehicles fled the spot.According to eyewitnesses, two fire engines reached the spot within three minutes of being informed. While a group of fire fighters tried to douse the flames, another team got busy in blocking all fuel channels in the pump. Once the flames were tamed, the tanker was pushed out of the pump when it slammed into a fire engine. But thankfully that did not have any adverse effect. The flames were extinguished after the tanker was pushed out onto the road. Within half an hour the situation was brought under control.Frenzy ruled the business locality on seeing the vehicle on fire. Shopkeepers on both sides of the road downed shutters and ran to safer places. Even a private bank authority closed down their bank and ATM counter fearing an explosion.\"Had there been an explosion, the whole area would have been on fire. When we saw the tanker up in flames, we thought there was no chance to avert the explosion. But the fire fighters did a great job,\" said Baidya Karmakar, owner of a jewellery shop located just opposite to the petrol pump.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037206", "title": "Runways shut down, upgrade takes off", "text": "Two runways at the Mumbai airport remained closed for five hours on Saturday, as planned, to carry out infrastructure upgrade.No flights landed at the airport between 11.30am and 4.30pm. Flight operations will be suspended for five hours on March 3 and March 10-the next two Saturdays.\"Since airlines and the aviation regulator were informed of the closure about three-and-a-half months in advance, passengers were not inconvenienced,\" said a Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd spokesperson. All the airlines had worked out flight schedules in accordance with the runway closure and so flight timings were changed accordingly, he added. The work carried out involved construction of a new rapid exit taxiway to enhance efficiency of the main runway, 09-27. Taxiways are tracks that connect the runway to parking bays, hangars etc. A rapid exit taxiway is one which is laid out at such an angle to the runway so as to allow a landing aircraft to exit the runway at a higher speed. Since the aircraft does not spend time slowing down on the runway, it vacates the runway faster, allowing other flights to land or take-off and thus reduce air traffic congestion.The work on main runway and taxiways is likely to be completed in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038881", "title": "Man stabbed to death in brawl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old man was stabbed to death and his mother and his brother were injured when they tried to intervene in a brawl involving the deceased's son.The deceased, Kanchhi Singh, a building contractor, was at his Rajbir Colony, Ghazipur house on Friday along with his brother Sanjay (31), mother Premvati (65), wife and four children when the incident took place. A case of murder has been registered, police said.Singh's son Rahul was taking computer classes from an institute. \"Rahul picked up an argument with some of his acquaintance at the institute. The matter was resolved for the time being. However, the same men turned up at Rahul's residence and started bashing him. Hearing Rahul's screams, his family members intervened. It was then that Singh was stabbed in his abdomen and Sanjay and Premvati were bashed up. The accused fled the spot,'' said a cop. The injured were rushed to the hospital where Singh was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi/pilkhua", "code": "12039207", "title": "'Witnesses' who didn't cave in, gave Amir freedom back", "text": "NEW DELHI/PILKHUA: It's not easy to be a prosecution witness - certainly not when you are summoned to depose on the same issue in 19 cases in far-flung courts. Yet, Chander Bhan and Abdul Sattar responded to the summons every time, spread over a decade, putting up with all the harassment, inconvenience and expenses involved. More remarkably, they held steadfast to testimonies that they believed to be true, even if they were completely at odds with the statements that the police had attributed to them. The public spirit displayed by Bhan and Sattar is a major reason why Mohammad Amir, the alleged mastermind of the serial blasts of 1996-97 in Delhi and NCR, has been acquitted in 17 of the 19 cases and was released last month after being incarcerated for 14 years. TOI tracked down these two extraordinary witnesses:Public witness to the raid on the \"bomb making factory\"In the spring of 1998, Chander Bhan was as usual minding his tea stall in Chandni Chowk when an acquaintance of his asked him to come with him to the Chanakyapuri police station. \"He just told me to accompany him to the police station. I went along with him as he was known to me, not knowing what it was about. Once at the police station, the police officers were very nice and friendly. They showed me some chemicals that they had kept on a table and asked me to take a close look at them. Then they asked me to sign on a piece of paper. I didn't understand English but I thought I was stating that I had seen those chemicals and so I signed in good faith and left,\" recalls Bhan, now 52 years old and working as a security guard in Delhi.Six months after that visit to the police station, Bhan received a summons from Tis Hazari court. \"I was scared,\" he recalls. \"I didn't know what it was about and I had never been to a court earlier. The cops told me that I just had to say that I saw the explosives and I could leave. But then what they asked me in the court was if I had been to Pilkhua with the police. Since I had never accompanied the police on any such raid, let alone ever visit Pilkhua, I denied the whole thing,\" says Bhan.Recalling the first day at court, Bhan says he wasn't sure what the case was about. \"I was asked to identify a young boy who I had never seen earlier. Later I found out that the whit of a boy was on trial on allegations of being a terrorist. I was stunned,\" he says.Bhan claims that though he never faced any pressure from the cops to toe their line, he was unprepared for what happened in the next decade and half.For him, this was only the beginning of a long-winded legal process that wreaked havoc in his life. \"After that, I was summoned regularly to Rohtak, Sonepat and Ghaziabad besides the Delhi courts. As my life started to be dictated by court dates, my tea stall business folded up, I fell into depression and was constantly worried. I lamented the day I had agreed to sign on those papers. Now I know better than to sign without knowing exactly what I was signing,\" says a dejected Bhan, while sitting at his narrow one-room house in north Delhi's Burari area.Still, Bhan diligently reported to the courts whenever summoned. \"Sometimes, I was tempted to stop going for the hearings altogether. But even as other witnesses dropped out, I kept going. Once the cops gave me some money because I didn't have sufficient fare to come back home from Rohtak,\" says Bhan.Many years after the first court hearing, in 2006, Bhan received a letter from Tihar Jail. \"Two young boys had come knocking on our door to deliver a letter. Later, I came to know that they were Amir's nephews and had been asked to deliver the letter to me. In it, Amir had written that he was grateful for my testimony and offered his love. I didn't know him, and had only seen him in court. I was touched. I told his nephews that I was only stating what was true and there was no nobility in that,\" says Bhan, his face a wrinkle of smiles.It is news to Bhan that Amir has been released. \"Yes, the number of court summons has reduced. Perhaps it will be over soon,\" he trails off.Landlord of the factory premisesAbdul Sattar sits in the sun in front of his house in Pilkhua, UP. The wizened owner of the premises of a factory in Pilkhua where police conducted a raid 14 years ago has a sharp memory despite his old age. \"Police never found any explosives in the factory. There are some chemicals that are used in printing textiles which are also used in explosives. You can find these chemicals in the scores of textile printing units spread in each street of Pilkhua. Does it make all of them terrorists?\" Sattar asks indignantly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039620", "title": "Industry majors put up stalls at science fair", "text": "BHOPAL: A four-day science fair, organized by Madhya Pradesh Council of Science and Technology (MPCST), began at Lal Parade grounds on Saturday.National-level institutions, including DRDO and laboratories have put up stalls at the fair. MPCST Director general Prof Pramod Verma said the objective of the fair is to generate interest among students about science.Earlier, minister industries Kailash Vijayvargiya inaugurated the fair. He said the state government has decided to organize science fair every year.Prestigious national institutions, including Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CISR), Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), BHEL, NTPC and GAIL are participating in the fair.Besides, stalls of the state government's public health engineering, energy, tourism, biodiversity departments, handicraft development corporation and MP Pollution Control Board are also being put up at the fair.Industrial houses like Reliance, Ranbaxy, Vardhman, Godrej, Surya Roshni and Satna Cement also have their stalls.Minister industries Kailash Vijayvargiya inaugurated the fair. He said the state government has decided to organize science fair every year", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039110", "title": "26 more services now time-bound", "text": "NEW DELHI: Issue or renewal of factory licenses, certified copies of revenue records, and duplicate ration cards were among the 26 new services brought under the ambit of a Delhi law that sets the timeframe for government services on Friday.For instance, any change in ration card such as addition/deletion of family members or change in address or issuance of a duplicate ration card has to be completed by the concerned department within 12 days. However, in case of a transfer of ration card the department has been allowed 45 days to respond. Also consumers who approach discoms for any kind of load decrease/increase up to 10KW must receive a response within a span of 35 days.The Delhi Right of Citizen to Time Bound Delivery of Services Act will now have 96 services under it, up from 70.\"A total of 96 services of 22 departments have been brought under the ambit of e-Service Level Agreement. The response of the citizens on the implementation of e-SLA (under the act) has been marvelous. It is expected that with addition of more and more services the delays in delivery in services will become a thing of the past,\" said a government statement released on Friday.The act came into force in September 2011 and 32 services of 14 departments were initially incorporated under its ambit. Under the act, the government official concerned is liable to pay a penalty to people for delay in delivering desired serices within the prescribed time limit.Other services include issuance of health trade license and renewal of factory license by MCD within 60 days, issuance of duplicate national permit within 7 days by the transport department; surrender of supply of electricity connection domestic, bifurcation of load, load enhancement of electricity connection and load reduction of domestic electricity connections by NDMC within 35 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039911", "title": "Girl commits suicide, classmate blamed", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 20-year-old business management student committed suicide by consuming poison on Saturday at her house near Rathinapuri in the city. Police have seized a four-page long suicide note from the house in which she held a classmate responsible for the suicide.According to police, K Thamaraiselvi of Rathinapuri was a final year BBM student in Sri Krishna Arts and Science College at Sugunapuram near Kuniyamuthur in the city. Three days ago, her parents went to Chennai to attend a marriage function leaving her at home. They returned home on Saturday but didn't find Thamaraiselvi at home. After a search, her body was found inside the water tank. Doctors at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) confirmed the death. She jumped into the tank after consuming poison, police said.In her suicide letter, she took responsibility for her decision but blamed her classmate, Ashraf alias Sharu, for forcing her to take the extreme step. They got close when the class went on a study tour last year and had decided to get married. However, they used to fight with each other often. Last month, she fought with him at Coimbatore railway station following which they stopped speaking with each other. She called his mobile number the other day but it was switched off. So she contacted him through some common friends and asked him to speak with her. But he told her that their relationship would not work and he was in love with another girl. The young man allegedly told Thamraiselvi that his relationship with her was just time pass and he would continue the same with other girls.Police have registered a case under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of IPC against Ashraf. \"We are investigating the case. If the boy was the reason for the suicide, we will take action against him,\" said Inspector Velmurugan of Rathinapuri police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038111", "title": "Demolitions to continue on city roads, hint traffic officials", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There are 654 crossroads in the city that report heavy traffic flow on a daily basis of which only 288 are manned by men in white. Others literally run on faith of the citizens as there is no adequate staff to man the roads. While such bottlenecks are not enough, the city continuously drives through dug-up roads, ongoing construction sites and sea of hawkers and parked vehicles on the roads.Thus, when the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) started the demolition on city roads, they met with few opposing parties. If the traffic branch officials are to be believed, the operation to clear the city roads will continue for at least two months to come.In a recently concluded high-powered meeting between AMC and city traffic police officials attended by both municipal commissioner and police commissioner, an empowered committee has been set up under the supervision of Satish Verma, joint commissioner of police (traffic). The committee consisting of both AMC and traffic police officials will meet every fortnight and discuss the issues ailing city roads.Nilesh Jajadiya, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), said that clearing up the roads is in the priority list. \"We have finished survey of western city parts for identification of permanent or temporary encroachments on city roads ranging from buildings to hawkers and have prepared a list to be submitted to the AMC officials for further action. We believe that the clogged roads can be eased up a bit with proper approach towards encroachments,\" he said.Senior traffic police officials also showed concern on on-street parking. \"Identification of locations for on-street parking is needed. Survey for proper places is on. The parking will include stands for autos and taxis. Many a times, a wrongly parked car can hold up an entire stretch. Paid parking is the need of the hour and we are working on a feasible solution including multi-storey parking and forcing the building owners to free the parking space,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037554", "title": "Heritage rules brushed aside as HC gets a makeover", "text": "HYDERABAD: As the renovation of AP High Court building inches towards completion, heritage activists are on tenterhooks. The court many have pronounced several judgments in favour of other listed buildings, but ironically it faces monumental neglect itself and has fallen prey to authorities insensitive to the heritage characteristic of the building. The roads and buildings (R&B;) department is busy completing the exterior renovation of the HC building without having sought permission from the HMDA or Heritage Conservation Committee (HCC) and with no conservation architect or engineer on board its team. Conservationists fear an irreversible damage to the structure.Blatantly flouting rules and paying no heed to the letter sent by HMDA and HCC to the registrar of HC administration objecting to the scaffolding installed and the painting of domes, authorities decided to proceed with the renovation. Activists say that despite various agencies listed for conservation work, no effort was made to consult them, leave alone seek their services. Also, speculation about the quality of material used is rife because there is no competent authority to check if renovation is being done in accordance with heritage conservation standards. \"The HC heritage structure has been disturbed without seeking the approval of the HCC. Development, redevelopment and demolition - whole or part - requires the approval of the committee. Also, in the absence of a monitoring authority, it is difficult to check whether building materials conform to standards of heritage building conservation,\" an HCC member said.Officials of HMDA corroborate the HCC's claims and say that the letter sent by them was conveniently ignored. Syed Ziauddin, chief planning officer, HMDA said, \"We haven't even received a response to the letter. It is very unfortunate that a heritage structure is being treated this way.\"When contacted, R&B; officials said that it was pointless to have a conservation architect on their team. \"We have a lot of engineers and architects within the R&B; department, so having a conservation architect is unnecessary. I intend to complete the work within two months. Also, we are unaware of any letter sent by HMDA,\" said Azeem Osman, executive engineer, R&amp;B.; Registrar of administration of high court, Satyakumari, failed to recollect receiving the letter from the HMDA and HCC.Another conservation engineer noted that this was the second time the HC complex has been disturbed without the permission of the HCC and points to the apathy of officials to heritage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040153", "title": "Farmers boycott raisin trading over low rates", "text": "PUNE: Grape growers in Sangli and Solapur districts have boycotted trading in raisins in protest against the low prices being quoted by traders. The Sangli divisional chairman of Maharashtra state grape growers' association, Subhash Arve, has backed the farmers' in their decision.No business has taken place in the last three days in Sangli, Pandharpur and Tasgaon markets. Speaking to TOI on phone, Arve said, \"The minimum price of raisins should have been Rs 200 per kg, but traders are offering Rs 50 per kg. It is an insult to the efforts and hard work by farmers. Traders need to understand that if they want farmers to grow grapes next year, they must ensure sufficient returns on raisins in the current season.\"During a meeting the association held with traders on Friday, attempts were made to convince them to offer better prices for raisins, but no decision was reached. Sangli and Solapur districts produce up to 70,000 tonne of raisins every summer, followed by Nashik district and parts of Karnataka, which jointly produce nearly 30,000 tonnes. No other part in the country produces raisins and the three districts are major suppliers in the country.A similar issue had surfaced in 2008, when traders offered a rate of Rs 2 per kg for raisins due to a bumper crop of grapes. The trading was closed for almost a week then in Sangli, Tasgao and Pandharpur markets. Finally, the then state marketing minister had to intervene in the matter. The association has appealed to farmers not to sell their produce for less than Rs 100 per kg. Though this is against the free market policy, Arve said, \"If traders can form syndicates and buy our produce at low rates, we also should unite and fight for higher prices. There is more investment in raisin business as farmers have to segregate the grape beads as per their size and colour and, then, wait till they dry.\"Baburao Mane, a farmer, said, \"Unlike grapes, I have to sell raisins only to traders, as the end customers are used to buying raisins from shops. Thus, I have to dance to the tunes of traders. If traders are going to sell raisins at a higher price, they should not force farmers to sell them at lower rates. Their profit is, anyhow, ensured and we have no complaint against it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "12038282", "title": "Vinoba Bhave University teachers on strike for pay package", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Over 200 teachers of Vinoba Bhave University (VBU) have gone on an indefinite strike from Saturday after the varsity fails to pay salaries according to the recommendations of the Sixth Pay Commission.The agitation has crippled the teaching in all sections of the university.According to a press note released by VBU Post Graduate (Service) Teacher's Association, the teachers have gone on indefinite strike.President of the association Bipin Kumar criticized the VBU authorities for not implementing the decision of the Syndicate. He alleged that the officials of the human resources development department, including the secretary and the director of higher education who are the ex-officio members of the Syndicate, had no right to overrule the Syndicate decision.\"In order to get justice, we have sent nine-point memorandum to the chancellor of the university seeking his immediate intervention in this regard,\" said Kumar..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12040173", "title": "Abad group chairman Sait is dead", "text": "KOCHI: Abad group chairman Hashim Usman Sait (85) passed away at his residence here on Saturday. He is survived by his children Anvar, Arif, Javeed, Yasmin, Nelupher, Jabeen, Suman and Kiran. The funeral will be held on Sunday at Central Juma Masjid at noon.The Kochi-headquartered Abad group was started by Mohammed Kasim Allana in 1894 and has branches across Kerala. Hashim Usman Sait played a major role in expanding the business interests of the group, which is one of the leading players in hospitality field of Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "12041269", "title": "Tourists enjoy the chill in Shillong", "text": "SHILLONG: February is nearing an end and spring should be around the corner, but there is still no let up in the chill in the Pine City with average temperature hovering around 16 degrees Celsius. The met department has predicted that the pattern is likely to continue over the next ten days with the temperatures likely to be between seven and eight degree Celsius.\"It's warm when the sun is out, but once it gets cloudy one still needs to wear woolen clothes to be comfortable,\" says Jimmy Siangshai, a college student. \"Due to its latitude and elevation, Shillong has a sub-tropical climate with mild summer and chilly-to-cold winter. Under Koppen's climate classification the city features a subtropical highland climate,\" explains an official at the met office. \"There has been a change in the weather pattern over the years due to many factors,\" he adds.But then the chill in the air does not bite everybody. Sharmi, who has recently returned from Japan with her little baby, likes the winter in Shillong. \"It's pretty comfortable in a sweater and my baby is happy in her woolen cap,\" says the former teacher of a reputed city college. Her husband, though, disagrees. \"I find it cold in Shillong and, in fact, I have been postponing by baths,\" admits Shekhu, who too was born in Shillong but has been out of the city for quite some time now.With the summer making its presence felt in the plains, tourists are flocking to the hill station. \"It is cold but we are enjoying,\" a couple from Kolkata, draped in heavy woolens, said while taking a brisk evening walk through the illuminated commercial hub of Police Bazar.\"The cool weather here attracts tourists from the plains, many of whom simply want to feel the chill,\" says the owner of a city hotel, which, like several others has been doing brisk business with most of the rooms reserved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12039343", "title": "Rubble-dumping could cost you Rs 5,000", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Beware of carelessly dumping rubble at a non designated area in the city now, as this would invite a heavy fine, once Chandigarh municipal corporation (MC) brings its rubble bylaws in effect.The implementation of theses bylaws would be discussed at the upcoming monthly house meeting on Wednesday. As per the new bylaws, the first penalty would be between Rs 500 and Rs 1,500 where in the offender would be given three days to clear the rubble, failing which, the fine could go up to Rs 5,000 and more with each passing day.People would be able to call up for a rubble remover truck, to purchase which, local MP Pawan Kumar Bansal had recently shelled a grant of Rs 25 lakh. Residents will have to shell Rs 150, Rs 250 or Rs 400 depending on the rubble quantity the truck clears. Municipal councillor Pardeep Chhabra said the rubble bylaws have been formulated with the suggestions of all representatives and would be implemented in city's interest.The bylaws were passed by the house in 2010, but couldn't be implemented, as several members had objected its implementation process. The bylaws aim at immediate removal of rubble from construction sites by the site owner and to control sale of building material like sand and bricks by storing these at unauthorized sites within the municipal area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12038383", "title": "City girl ranks 16th in Company Secretary final exam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Megha Jain has ranked 16th in the All India Company Secretary (CS) final exams and topped the Ahmedabad center. The highlight of her success is that she made her way into the top merit list without undertaking coaching of any sorts and relied mainly on self-study.The result of three different courses of CS exams conducted between December 26 and January 3 were announced on Saturday. In the CS foundation course, Ahmedabad students' passing percentage is 48%. In executive programme, the city students scored 47% and in the CS final 61%. Seven students from Ahmedabad center have ranked in the top 15 merit list in the foundation programme.Final topper Megha Jain, who is currently doing her CS articleship, had scored 88% in HSC (general) board exams and also won a gold medal in the MBA exams. She is a graduate from KS School of Business Management.Jain says that she used to study for eight to ten hours daily and relied mainly on self-study. She did not spend any money on coaching classes, but focused on her goal and referred to the main CS textbooks. Her sister Neha Jain is a CA and both of them plan to open a company in the future.Council member of Institute of Company Secretary of India (Ahmedabad chapter) Umesh Vaid said that Gujarati students can fare far better if they hone their competitive spirit. The CS exam is a highly competitive exam where students from all over India give their best shot.\"Students from Gujarat also suffer because of lack of proficiency in English language,\" Vaid said.Council member Rajesh Parikh said that the next exam will be based on Multiple Choice Questions and four sets of papers will be distributed in each exam class so that mass copying is not possible.He said that the institute is now focusing on the rural areas so that the students from villages get interested in the CS exams and get platform to prepare for the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039617", "title": "Process to merge BHMRC, central body begins", "text": "BHOPAL: After a string of controversies, Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BHMRC), meant for the victims of gas tragedy, is in the process of integrating itself with the centre's Department of Health Research (DHR), official sources said.As a petition related to the BMHRC is slated to come up before the Supreme Court for hearing on March 2, DHR officials have set in motion the process to finalize a blue print of modalities such as service books of employees so as to bring them at par with employees of DHR. BMHRC is under Indian Council for Medical Research (ICMR) after it was handed over from the department of atomic energy in January this year.While hearing a petition filed by the Bhopal Gas Peedit Mahila Udyog Sanghathan (BGPHUS) and others in December 2011, the apex court had sought a clarification from the Centre on the employees demand for Sixth Pay Commission after BGPHUS lawyer stated that a proposed strike by the employees would adversely affect the interest of gas victims.While the Centre is supposed to file reply on March 2, BMHRC nurses association on Friday moved the Supreme Court with a writ petition seeking implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission along with various other reliefs.The BMHRC nurses body had a meeting with BMHRC and DHR officials on Saturday and categorically stated that they would accept nothing less than Sixth Pay Commission.However, BMHRC director K K Maudar cited procedural delay in the non-implementation but assured the nursing employees of an early solution on the issue.BMHRC sources said, however, maintained that in the present circumstances revised salary is unlikely to be implemented before April and the management is considering provisional sixth pay commission status only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039447", "title": "Students prepare to sweat it out as power cuts get longer", "text": "With exams just around the corner, Class 12 student Sindhuja is already feeling the stress , says her mother Manonmani D. But what is making it worse are the power cuts, both scheduled and the ones that catch them completely off guard. With the government's announcement that the mandatory one-hour power cuts will now extend to two hours a day, Manonmani says she can't imagine how bad it is going to get.\"Even though we are told that the power cuts are for an hour, they extend it to an hour-and-a-half or two. If they are stating that the power cuts are going to be for two hours, then it means no power for at least three hours,\" says Manomani, who lives in Chromepet. There is a regulated power cut between 4pm and 5pm every day, apart from at least three unscheduled cuts. \"When it comes to switching off the power, the government is prompt. I wish they would extend the same courtesy when it comes to switching it back on after the hour is up,\" she says.Manonmani has already ordered an inverter for Rs15,000 because she does not want her daughter to be any more stressed. \"We keep our emergency lamps also charged to full capacity,\" she says. Sindhuja had already spent Saturday studying without electricity as there was a day-long power shutdown.\"When the power goes off at night, my daughter studies with the main door open to let in some breeze. Mosquitoes also come in, so we stay awake batting them away so she can study,\" she said.For Sindhuja's cousin Sandhya P, a Class 10 student, luckily the power cuts have been between 9am and 10am, says her mother Hemamalini. \"Even then, sometimes there is not enough light indoors and we need to use the emergency lamp,\" she said.For the last few months Class 10 student Sidesh Nair's evening tuition classes have been conducted with an emergency lamp. \"When I don't have tuition, I take a break from studies during the power cuts,\" says Nair, who reads newspapers or exercises till the power returns. \"Now with longer power cuts I have to make sure the emergency lamp is always charged,\" says his mother Rani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039470", "title": "It is time now to trade smiles", "text": "Mian Abrar Ahmed, president, Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry, is clear about the way ahead. \"Both countries,\" he says with conviction, \"should separate economic and commercial cooperation from politics. The time has come to put all other issues behind. Pakistan and India can build a relationship which can provide strength to the economies of the two countries.\"Many in India, from the government to businessmen, from petty traders in Attari and Wagah to camel herders at the Rajasthan-Pakistan border would agree. Trade, after all, has all through history made friends of the worst enemies.India and Pakistan have made a great start on this. After some tension-packed moments during the recent visit of commerce, industry and textiles minister Anand Sharma, the two countries have begun work in earnest on restoring normal trade ties. Pakistan has initiated moves that would ultimately phase out the thorny negative list, which includes items that cannot be traded legally. Indian businessmen, on the other hand, are gung-ho about the future scenario.Sharma is upbeat. \"As neighbours we have shared a relationship where a desire for engagement has not been there for decades,\" he says. \"Both the countries have also carried past baggage and it was a journey of missed opportunities. But we have turned a new leaf. That I think is most important, whether you call it an achievement or an initiative.\"But, the excitement apart, it could be years before things turn out the way they should between the two nuclear-armed neighbours. There are some concerns holding back a blooming that both New Delhi and Islamabad are hoping for. For one, sections of industry in Pakistan fear Indian goods will swamp their market if there are no checks. Domestic political compulsions in Pakistan are another big factor. Hardliners in that country oppose better economic ties with India.\"Pakistani businessmen are ready,\" says Chandrajit Banerjee, director-general of the Confederation of Indian Industry, an industry lobby group. \"Both sides are missing on opportunities by staying out of trade. We have been able to allay some fears through the dialogue we established. We have to approach carefully and cautiously to be able to build and make up for a lot of the trust deficit not only among politicians but businessmen.\"For starters, Indian and Pakistan need to limit their expectations and focus on a few key issues - like the urgent need to increase business travel across the border. Easing visa restrictions at the earliest to enable a steady flow of businessmen and tourists will have a long term impact. The joint working group of the Pakistan interior ministry and the Indian home ministry are working this, and an announcement is expected soon.Then, the border infrastructure needs a massive revamp to accommodate the quantum leap in trade that one expects from further liberalization of business. The opening of the integrated check post and the second point on the Attari-Wagah border, which will greatly aid in this, has been delayed but is likely to be ready by April. New routes and links - like the Munabao-Khokarapar pass - also need to be explored. Air links are another focus area.One of the most significant steps, though, would be opening bank branches in each other's countries. Central banks of both countries are scheduled to meet in Mumbai early next month on this. \"Business facilitation needs to be improved. Long-term multiple- entry business visas without police reporting and city restriction is absolutely vital for encouraging business to business contact. Businessmen from both countries need to be able to roam freely on their mobile phones,\" says Sunil Kant Munjal, chairman, Hero Corporate Services, part of the Indian business delegation to Pakistan that Sharma led.There is immense potential, members of the delegation agree, for ventures in textiles, leather, sugar, cement, stones, minerals as well as agriculture, infrastructure, pharmaceuticals, refinery, energy, oil and gas, iron and steel. They also agree that the Indian delegation's visit to Pakistan, the interaction with the leadership and with leaders of business helped clarify many of the misconceptions. \"They also helped in building bridges of friendship and trust,\" Sharma says. Another A for Aman ki Asha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039797", "title": "'The anti-graft mood is amazing to see'", "text": "They've always entertained people , now they are also educating them. The Election Commission's brand ambassadors are playing their part in its voter awareness drive. As Goa goes to polls on March 3, we catch up with Remo Fernandes, EC's man with a message in the state.How is your campaign for promoting ethical voting in Goa going?It is going very well. I have designed the hoarding which you see all over Goa; given a lot of interviews and bytes to the press, radio and TV; almost completed recording a motivational song tentatively titled 'Vote: Tit for Tat' , and have already started visiting colleges and college fests. I'm going to address anti-corruption meetings in Goa together with Kiran Bedi , Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia . I shall personally visit as many colleges as will have me, before election day.Tell us something about your experience as EC's brand icon.It has been very exciting, and very enlightening, too. It is awesome to see just how sick our youth is of corruption and corrupt, inefficient and uneducated leaders with criminal records. If motivated properly, the youth will all go out and vote for clean - or at least cleaner - candidates this time, and truly make a difference at the ballot. But there are vested interests who do not want our educated youth to vote. One strange occurrence is that quite a few colleges have refused access to Youth For Goa, an EC-recognized body which is organizing these meetings with me. I wonder what were the reasons and motives for refusal? College authorities should be the first to motivate their students to vote.How do you go about asking people to vote?I am a musician and entertainer , and I make full use of my area of expertise to drive home the message. I sing, I joke, and in between I deliver the seriousness of the message.Do you think your appeals will make a difference?I have no idea as of now. I am doing my best, the youth has to do their bit, too. I always have an interaction, a Q&A; session with the students after my songs and talk. I don't go there to tell them what to do; I listen to their views and problems, doubts and suspicions about our politicians and elections, and then give them my opinions about why we should vote. I do feel that many of them, if not all, will go out and vote responsibly this time.Do you enjoy this role?Very much. I feel that I am finally doing something for Goa from within the system. All this time I have conveyed my messages as a musician and concerned citizen; but with the backing and title bestowed by the Election Commission , the message carries a different weight. Even the media takes me more seriously!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12039022", "title": "Now, tech companies log on to double shifts", "text": "BANGALORE: Double shifts are coming into tech space as companies seek to cut costs.Software services firm Mphasis recently introduced a two-shift system in some of its facilities: the first is from 7am to 3pm, and the second from 5pm to 1am. The two hours in between is used to clean up the work area after the first-shift employees leave. About 20% of the company's 36,000 staff in India is currently under this system. It enables Mphasis to save on real estate costs.\"We're laser-focused on optimizing resources to provide value to both our customers and shareholders,\" said Puneet Bhirani, Mphasis senior VP &amp; head of business operations. Seat sharing is one initiative to enhance utilization of fixed infrastructure. \"Options like sharing seats among projects across shifts and hot-desking are used to improve the headcount-to-seat ratio,'' he said.Shyam Sunder Pani, president of the Global Initiative for Restructuring Environment &amp; Management (Girem), an urban planning and corporate realty forum , said the shift system exists in BPO and for real-time support staff. \"Space-sharing arrangement for software developers is a new trend. It has the potential to become a norm in the industry in a few years, given the rising cost of real estate and the fact that good real estate is often not available,'' he said.Saurabh Govil, senior VP for HR in Wipro Technologies, said seat-sharing trend is emerging in the country. \"We don't do it now, but we may look at it later,'' he said.The IT industry spends on an average 64% of its operational cost on people (salary and training), 24% on real estate and transport, and 12% on technology and communication. Currently, given the recessionary conditions in Western markets and the consequent slowing of IT demand, there is a lot of focus on lowering operational cost to improve profitability.\"Salary is an untouchable area. So all possible tweaking will happen around real estate and transportation, and some cuts will be seen in technology and communication,'' said the facilities head at a leading IT firm.Pani says not many companies are willing to expand to low-cost destinations, given that accessibility to them is poor and talent availability is low. \"So the ideal option is to squeeze more people into existing real-estate space, by reducing the space available to each employee and by introducing multiple shifts,\" he says.Many employees may not initially like the two-shift idea, but HR experts say they would eventually get used to it. An Mphasis employee who did not want to be named said he was allowed to choose the shift he wanted to work in, and also periodically change the shift. \"That helps,\" he said.One community would definitely be unhappy - real estate developers. IT companies have been the biggest absorbers of commercial grade-A properties, and this growth could decelerate. But the shift system could have at least one major beneficial effect on cities like Bangalore - reduce road congestion by spreading the traffic more evenly through the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044329", "title": "Death metal", "text": "When a rock band was invited to play at actor Anupam Kher's father's post-funeral ceremony, it left visitors, and the musicians themselves, surprised. Indians are gradually freeing friends and family from the burden of mourning, event organisers and cakemakers tell Purba Dutt.THE most vibrant shirt Hindi film actor Anupam Kher currently owns is full-sleeved, red, and littered with fine black and ivory checks. That's the one he reached out for on February 13 while dressing up for his late father, Pushkar Nath Kher's chautha ceremony held at Mumbai's ISKON auditorium in Juhu. His mother, Dulari Kher, matched a maroon blouse with an embroidered Kantha sari. Actress-wife Kirron draped herself in blue-and-moss silk. White, India's favourite funeral colour, was abandoned that evening. As was heavy silence and mourning.Slipping into a vivacious wardrobe comes easy to croc leather bootloving keyboardist-cumguitarist Nirdosh Sobti. What doesn't, is playing rock before an auditorium packed with high-profile mourners, most of them Bollywood bigwigs, and a former J&K; chief minister. \"We are used to getting the crowd on their feet. Initially, that evening, we couldn't even manage to squeeze out a few claps,\" says the lead member of kirtan and contemporary rock band, Madhavas.While Kher, in an earlier meeting, had briefed Sobti about a celebratory farewell he intended to give his father whose last words to him were, \"live life\", the musician wasn't prepared to face an awkward crowd that sat before the eight-member Mumbai musical outfit. \"When we were approached to play, I'll have to admit, I was a bit shocked. It only made sense when Anupam sir said it was in memory of his dad's joyous disposition. But the strange looks we received when we first started playing, made it all very confusing,\" recalls Sobti.That was before a water break. Back on stage after Kher had shared his reason for skipping a condolence meeting, the Madhavas worked the crowd with the flair rock bands are known for. While Kher and his friends, filmmaker Mahesh Bhatt and politico Farooq Abdullah, recounted humourous episodes from Kher's father's life, playing senior Kher's favourite Anari number, Kisi ki muskurahaton ho nisar, and hitting a crescendo with Dama dam mast qalandar gained Madhavas unlikely fans that evening. \"I was sure I didn't want a boring function. My father would have hated that. Put him in a function like that, and he'd yawn. He was an ordinary man but an extraordinary person, with a sense of humour. I wanted to celebrate that,\" explains Kher.The Hindi film industry, used to tragicdramatic farewells, got a taste of what Mumbai's theatre lovers experienced in January at a function to remember theatre legend Satyadev Dubey. Barely a fortnight after his demise, the atmosphere at a late-morning soiree packed with poetry, dance, singing and performances, was anything but sombre. Mumbai's Prithvi Theatre crackled with an irreverence Dubeyji would have enjoyed, as veterans Naseeruddin Shah and Ratna Pathak Shah mingled with theatre-going audiences and Dubeyji's fans. \"It was fitting. Dubeyji believed life was all about performance,\" says one of his closest proteges and noted director Sunil Shanbag.It went the way Dubeyji had instructed. Shanbag remembers the time when Dubeyji attended a ceremony after eminent playwright Habib Tanvir's death in 2009. \"Half way through the function, he got up and left, warning us never to organise something similar for him. 'I am known to be temperamental, so, I can get away with leaving. But think of the poor guy who has to sit through it and suffer this ordeal,' Dubeyji had said,\" says Shanbag about the free-entry-free-seating-free-fun function that he helped put together.Loose talk, of course, often accompanies radical decisions in a traditional society. But Kher says he wasn't bothered. \"The family agreed, and that's important. Farooq Abdullah said, in celebrating dad's death, I had liberated my mother,\" shares Kher, adding that a visitor SMSed him that night saying he had instructed his son to choose celebration over condolence.Hailing from a traditional Kashmiri Pandit family would have made it hard for Kher to take this call, believes Mahesh Bhatt. \"It was an audacious, personal way of saying bye to a man much-loved. There was something daringly different about the way Anupam did it. Yes, there was an undercurrent of sadness but everyone was feting a life well-lived. What is death? It's merely a moment when life changes form,\" he philosophises.While the Madhavas may hold the unique distinction of being one of the only rock bands to have played at a post-funeral function, musicians say they'd be happy to entertain a similar request. \"When fans throng a rock concert, they are there to wash away some kind of pain or sorrow. Rock music has always helped raise the spirit. Everyone ends up going home happy,\" says Randolph Correia, guitarist with Pentagram and Shaa'ir + Func.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12037289", "title": "State to fund Sonawane kids' education", "text": "MUMBAI: The state has decided to fund the education of former Malegaon additional collector Yashwant Sonawane's two minor children. The decision was taken on the grounds that Sonawane was brutally killed in his line of duty by the oil mafia.The additional collector was set on fire by the petrol mafia in Nashik last year. The state education department has sanctioned Rs 1 lakh to cover the education expenses of his two sons, Kunal (std XI studying at Creative Academy, Pune)and Pankaj (std X, studying at Ashoka Universal School, Nashik). The CBI filed a chargesheet in the murder case last year. In the chargesheet, the CBI has alleged that investigations revealed prior enmity between the accused Popat Shinde (who also died a few days after the incident of burn injuries) and Sonawane.The CBI chargesheet also mentioned that the Nashik anti-corruption bureau was investigating a complaint against Sonawane by Shinde. The latter alleged that Sonawane had sought a bribe of Rs 1 lakh for the release of a seized oil tanker seized in Manmad on May 10, 2010. All the other ten accused are out on bail. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12038377", "title": "No matric paper leak: JAC", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) on Saturday tried to dispel the question paper leak rumour going on for the past two days.A rumour broke out on Thursday that the science question paper of matriculation exam that was held the same day was leaked in Chandwa.JAC chairperson Laxmi Singh said, \"I received a letter from the DC of Latehar regarding the clarification of the paper leak issue. In the letter, it has been mentioned that there has been no paper leak.\" She further added, \"Some other letters have also been sent to me including letters from the static magistrate and examination invigilators of all the three centers in Chandwa in which they have stated that the question papers that they got from the bank and also the ones received at the centre were sealed.\"According to the statement of Rahul Kumar, who got the hand-written photocopied question paper, he received the paper at 12.35 pm which according to Singh is five minutes after the exam ended. \"Once the exam is over, if a hand-written question paper is obtained it doesn't mean that the paper is leaked,\" said Singh.There were three examination centers at Chandwa for which nine packets of question papers were sent to the State Bank of India to be kept safely. \"According to the statement of SBI Chnadwa branch manager A K Chhabra, the question papers were received by the authorized officials without any mark of seal break,\" said Singh.Singh said that this has been done with an intention to spoil the image of JAC. She said, \"It is not just soiling the reputation of JAC but also Jharkhand. Also this kind of rumour will demoralize the students.\"Singh also said that JAC would consult their senior advocate to decide what action could be taken against those who have been involved in spreading such rumours.Singh also spoke about the bandh called by Naxalites on February 27 and its effect on the ongoing board exams. \"I have spoken to the home secretary and he has convinced us that the bandh will not affect the exams. Thus, we have decided that the examination will not be cancelled on that day.\"She further added, \"I would like to request those who have called the bandh to leave the exam out of its purview for the future of students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sabhib ", "code": "12039150", "title": "Cops seek protection from monkeys", "text": "FATEHGARH SABHIB : They are entrusted with the security of lakhs of residents of 92 villages under their jurisdiction, but cops posted in Bassi Pathana police station themselves want protection from monkeys.The SHO of police station, Chand Singh, has written a letter to divisional forest officer to save him and his colleagues from monkeys.\"Monkeys sitting near our main gate and outer walls have been troubling our cops and villagers coming here to lodge complaints. Sometimes monkeys try to attack us even inside the police station,\" said the SHO.Monkeys have found a home in the quarters of doctors, lying unused at the civil hospital here, and some other buildings near SDM office. A number of people, living in close proximity to these places, have been attacked by monkeys, sources said.\"School children have to wait for someone to escort them home after school due to fear of monkey attacks,\" said Gurmeet Singh, a local, who was waiting near the main gate of Holy Heart Public School.The worst affected are handcart pullers, many of whom have shifted to nearby towns while others have stopped selling fruits and vegetables in this town.\"I was attacked twice in a month. Doctors gave five injections and finally I had to quit selling vegetables on handcart due to the monkey menace,\" said Krishan, who now works as a labourer in a factory.When contacted, divisional forest officer Vishal Chauhan confirmed that he has received complaints from Bassi Pathana residents against monkeys.\"We have formed a special team. It would start working in Bassi Pathana from Monday to check the menace,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12039534", "title": "Sonia repeats Cong manifesto pledges in Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Saturday reassured the people of Goa that the Regional Plan 2021 would be finalized after taking into consideration the views of all stakeholders and reaffirmed the party's stand over the medium of instruction issue that parents should have the choice to select the language for their children's primary education.\"I know the Goa RP 2021 is a matter of concern to many of you. During my last visit to Goa, the chief minister had affirmed before me that the plan would be finalized after taking into account the views of all stakeholders,\" she said.On the MoI issue, the UPA chairperson said, \"We are clear, our party believes that parents should be able to decide what language their children should study in at the primary level.\"She gave these assurances while addressing a public meeting at Fatorda as part of the Congress election campaign for the March 3 assembly polls.Speaking further, Gandhi said, \"The promises and pledges of the Congress party reflect our vision (that stands) to benefit all sections of Goan society, but more particularly the weaker sections, the SCs, the STs, the OBCs, the minorities, the women and youth.\"She promised to present to the people an annual report of the progress of the party's manifesto with public consultation.Taking pride over the completion of a five-year term by chief minister Digambar Kamat after a long time, Gandhi promised to give another five years of stability to Goa. \"Continuity and political stability is essential for good governance. Only then development and progress can be sustained,\" she stressed.Cautioning the Goan electorate to be wary of the BJP's divisive policies, Gandhi urged them to vote the Congress party to power \"to ensure a harmonious environment\". \"It is in your power to make sure that Goa's deep secular fabric flourishes,\" she said.Lashing out at the BJP for its failure to take any steps to bring back the black money stashed abroad when they were in power, Gandhi also questioned its propriety in accusing the Congress of corruption when many BJP-ruled states have been \"scam-ridden\". \"They were in power for six long years. What were the deputy prime minister and home minister doing about bringing back black money and about corruption all these years?\" she said.\"Of course, we must do everything in our power to bring black money if it is stashed abroad and rid our country of corruption. But that is what we are doing methodically, with sincerity and earnestness,\" she added.Stating that Goa was poised to achieve a fast economic growth, the Congress president underscored the need to ensure protection of the state's valuable land, water and forest resources. She said Congress has taken \"strong steps to tackle the menace of illegal mining that destroys local ecology\". She said mining Acts were being amended and new CRZ regulations notified aimed at protecting the livelihoods of fisher folk.Stating that a vote for Congress was \"a vote for experience, progress, harmony and stability\", Gandhi concluded her nearly half-hour long speech by thanking the audience in Konkani. \"Tumchem mot hatak. Dev Borem korum,\" (Vote for hand. Thank you), she said to a loud cheer. Interestingly, the opening lines of her speech were also in Konkani. She began her speech saying \"Goechea mojea mogall bhavano ani bhainano,\" (My dear brothers and sisters of Goa) before expressing her sympathies to the families of those who died in the Calvim accident.Chief minister Digambar Kamat, speaker Pratapsingh Rane, South Goa MP Francisco Sardinha, Congress president Subhash Shirodkar, party general secretary in charge of Goa, Jagmeet Singh Brar, AICC secretary Sudhakar Reddy, NCP leader Praful Patel were present on the dais.Kamat in his address slammed BJP for spreading false propaganda against Congress even as he took pride in the performance of the government by introducing various welfare schemes and providing a stable government.Patel acknowledged that several of the state's issues need to be resolved including illegal mining and RP 2021. Stating that it was important that Goa gets hi-tech industries like IT-based ones, Patel assured that the Central government \"will make sure Goa becomes a prosperous state\", while ensuring \"balanced development\".Interestingly, Sardinha assumed the role of master of ceremonies as he conducted the proceedings, while Rane proposed a vote of thanks. Shirodkar welcomed the gathering.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12039802", "title": "Two-cornered fight in Curtorim", "text": "MARGAO: Five candidates may be vying for the Curtorim seat but locals predict the fight will be mainly between sitting Congress MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco and independent Domnic Gaonkar.Claiming to have consolidated his base in Curtorim, Lourenco is confident that he will see off his adversaries, come March 3. Gaonkar, on the other hand, prides himself on being a formidable opponent as he was \"elected for two consecutive terms as the zilla panchayat (ZP) representative of Raia\".There are three other candidates in the fray---Indian Against Corruption (IAC) activist Raju Iyer, Janata Dal (United) representative William D'cruz and United Goans Democratic Party representative Concecao Santano---and locals believe that Santano, a former Curtorim panch member, does have \"some backing\" but point out that a big factor in the equation is who the supporters of North Goa MP Francisco Sardinha will vote for.Sardinha had polled 7,493 votes during the last assembly election, but Lourenco feels that his performance in the last four-and-a-half years has won him the support of all those who had voted against him. \"There is nothing like old supporters or new supporters. Those days are over and all the people look at a candidate's work,\" said Lourenco, rushing to his election office as at 8am. And most of Sardinha's supporters seem to agree with him, saying that they are now inclined towards Lourenco as he \"has been accessible and has made himself available to them whenever the need arose\".\"In Curtorim, I know every second person by name and every third person by face and have a very good relationship with the people in my constituency. I am not saying that people have no issues with me, I am just saying no one has major issues,\" said Lourenco, adding that he is confident of winning the election with a high margin.Lourenco, who used to work for Sardinha in the past, also has the support of Curtorim panch member Milagres Rodrigues alias Banjo and Savio Gomes, former sarpanch of Raia who had canvassed for Sardinha during the last election. Also pledging their support to Lourenco are the 11-member Curtorim panchayat, 11-member Raia panchayat, seven-member Camurlim panchayat, five-member Raia panchayat, Curtorim ZP member and two sitting Margao municipal councillors from wards six and seven (Housing board and Gogol).To this, Gaonkar just smiled and said, \"Why do I need a panch or sarpanch when I have the public with me?\" and added that he enjoys a silent majority who don't want to come out in public for fear of offending the sitting MLA. He pointed out that this was not his first political stint as he had won the last two ZP elections despite three MLAs---Churchill Alemao, Aleixo Sequeira and Lourenco---working against him. The two frontrunners also differ over the size of the ST population in the state. While ST candidate Gaonkar says \"there are at least 9,000 ST voters (45% of the population)\", Lourenco says \"the ST population in Curtorim is just limited to 20% and not all of them are voters\".It is to be noted that the delimitation process saw Macazana leave Curtorim and Camurlim join Curtorim---both considered strongholds of the Congress. However to Gaonkar's advantage, two wards---Housing Board and Gogol, which have 5,486 voters have been added to Curtorim and are considered BJP bastions.While Lourenco states that he has the support of the two Housing Board councillors, he added that there is no BJP bastion in Curtorim. Gaonkar says that his interactions with locals has led him to conclude that there is BJP presence in Gogol, Raia and Curtorim, adding that he had the support of all sections, not just BJP or ST community and was confident of winning the upcoming election.Goa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12039767", "title": "Are the netas getting any cleaner?", "text": "A few days ago, Anil Bairwal of the Association for Democratic Reforms-National Election Watch (ADR-NEW ) received a threat from a councillor - whose details he doesn't divulge - that he would come to beat him up. Bairwal laughs while sharing this information. As national coordinator of the NGO working for electoral reforms, he is used to getting threats, some even graver.The US-returned software engineerturned-activist is at the forefront of a body that is constantly exposing the unsavoury backgrounds of politicians. It was ADR, set up in 1999 by a group of IIM-Ahmedabad professors, that had filed a PIL in the Delhi High Court the same year requesting for the criminal, financial and educational backgrounds of election candidates. It was on the basis of that PIL that the Supreme Court made it mandatory in 2003 for all candidates to disclose these details to the Election Commission . ADR had compiled the first such list for the 2002 Gujarat assembly polls and has since widened its scope to the entire country, with the help of volunteers who work for NEW.The result is a collection of data that many politicians - like the unnamed councillor - find dangerous for their careers. For instance, 98 candidates out of a total 325 - or 30% - analysed by ADR-NEW from a field of 962 in the seventh phase of assembly elections in UP on March 4 have criminal cases against them. Of these, 37 have declared serious criminal cases like murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping, rape and extortion in the affidavits filed with the EC.The rot extends across the political spectrum . In UP's seventh phase, 27 out of 60 candidates of the Samajwadi Party have criminal backgrounds while the figure stands at 20 out of 60 for BJP; 13 out of 60 for BSP; 14 out of 51 for the Congress, and 4 out of 10 for Rashtriya Lok Dal .So what choice is the voter left with? Bairwal says these figures are an important tool in raising awareness amongst voters about their potential leaders. He cites a figure to show that winds of change, though feeble, may already be beginning to blow. ''In the 2004 Lok Sabha elections, 25% of the contesting candidates had criminal cases against them while the figure came down to 14% in 2009. So, while established politicians with criminal backgrounds may continue to work well within the system, there are enough barriers for new entrants with criminal backgrounds. The nature of crime, too, has changed, from blue collar to white collar,'' he says.Talking about the furore that rocked the BJP over the entry of expelled BSP minister Baburam Kushwaha, Bairwal says that now there is enough pressure on party leaderships to keep such elements at bay. ''But the road ahead is long,'' he says. ''Just ADR won't be able to bring about the change. Politicians and political parties are so arrogant that only strong public opinion can make a difference. The biggest problem is that we don't have any law governing the functioning of a political party.''Till then, the electorate will have to make its own informed choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039898", "title": "Central forces shouldn't act like tourists: DGP", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police chief has called a meeting with commanders of the central forces and asked them to ensure that they don't behave like tourists while in the state for election duty.In a meeting on Friday, DGP Kishan Kumar said that commanders will have to keep their men in control and ensure that they maintain discipline. \"The DGP asked them to ensure that their men get more involved in election duty and don't get into drunken brawls,\" said an official, who was present at the meeting. The DGP was concerned and worried that such incidents may provoke people and lead to rioting and law-and-order problems.He then narrated a 1988 incident, where two Navy officials were beaten up by locals in Khariwada. The officials went back and came with a larger group to fight the locals and this led to a law-and-order problem, the DGP explained. \"The DGP also asked that the commanders take a roll call of the officers everyday-morning and night-to infuse a sense of discipline in them,\" said sources.The police have also prepared an area domination plan to post the central forces in sensitive and vulnerable places. \"They will be conducting flag marches and patrolling these areas along with the local police,\" said sources.On Wednesday, five IRB personnel from Uttrakhand allegedly assaulted 15 residents of Jetty-Bogda. Police arrested Kama Kishan Chube, Chanchal Singh Bish, Jaydeep Gaunal, Satyendra Singh Rawal and Chanchal Singh Gure from Uttrakhand IRB for alleged manhandling and rioting in an inebriated condition. \"After the incident, we shifted the company from Vasco,\" added sources.Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12032948", "title": "Ali Zafar, Aditi charm the youngsters", "text": "London Paris New York team begins their city tours...As coming-of-age film London Paris New York closes in on its release; the film is receiving an unprecedented response as leads Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari kick off their city tours to promote the film, starting with the youth metropolis -Pune.Promising to bring the wit back into Bollywood's romantic comedies, London Paris New York starring Ali Zafar and Aditi Rao Hydari , mirrors the 3 states of love set in an international scenario ,and also marks the directorial debut of Anu Menon.The students at Indira Gandhi College were the first to receive an unplugged live performance from Ali and Aditi both of whom have sung in the film.As a token of appreciation the youngsters also prepared a special AV for the film, leaving the duo overwhelmed.The next pit stop was a press conference at a popular mall, where the team spoke about the film at length and interacted with the crowds that had gathered in numbers to catch a glimpse of the stars.On the occasion said Ali \"LPNY is a Hatke love story with a lot of romance and great music. Our experience from the film, I believe, is different from those who have done similar films in the past. The characters are different, the story is different. This is our way of telling a love story of today's time and age. \"\"We are excited about LPNY. It's a step towards bringing something different to the romantic-comedy palette that will appeal to the youth. It speaks their language, reflects their aspirations and the angst and joys of falling in love,\" adds Vijay Singh , CEO of Fox Star Studios India and the co-producer of LPNY.London Paris New York will release on 2nd March,2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "12039977", "title": "Major fire in Singara forests in the Nilgiris", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: A major forest fire broke out in the Singara range in the north division of the Nilgiris on Saturday, ravaging several acres of forest land. Due to the prevailing strong wind in the Nilgiris hills, the fire spread quickly along the Singara range slope.\"We are still fighting the fire,\" S Ramasubramanian, District Forest Officer (North Division) told TOI late Saturday evening. \"The forces will work through the night to douse the fire\", he added.About 40 fire fighters, including 15 local tribal men, are engaged in the task of dousing the blaze.According to an eyewitness, the fire has spread over at least 1,000 acres of forests. \"The fire that broke in the Bokkapuram slopes, near Mudumalai Tiger Reserve, on Thursday, may be the cause of the fire spreading across the Singara slopes,\" he said. \"The burning area is a teak forest with dry lemon grass ground. Oil content in the teak tree also favours the fire to spread out rapidly,\" said the eyewitness. According to sources, fire started at around 10am.\"The extent of damage on the forest land is massive and will be assessed after the fire is put off,\" said Ramasubramanian. According to him, some miscreants may have caused the fire. Thick smoke and the hilly terrain are making the operations difficult for the fire fighters.In the meantime, another fire broke out in the 'gene pool' area in the Gudalur division of forests in the Nilgiris on Saturday. According to officials, fire fighters are putting out the fire in that area as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12038861", "title": "Challenge the conventional, say the daredevils", "text": "BANGALORE: The 'youngest headmaster in the world', a girl who crossed English Channel at the age of 16, a Class 10 fail who was in the Forbes list of seven most- powerful rural Indian entrepreneurs, an IITian who was the youngest teacher in AOL-- such was the range of people motivating students of Symbiosis Institute of Business Management Bangalore (SIBM-B) on Saturday. Their message was loud and clear -- challenge the conventional.The speakers were at the TEDx organized by SIBM on Saturday. The annual TED (technology, entertainment and design) conference is known for the speeches made by world's leading thinkers. Each speaker talks for 18 minutes. TEDx is a locally organized event giving a TED-like experience.Each speaker had an unconventional story to narrate as they chose to live their passion. \"Be ready to be the black sheep of the family for sometime. Our's is a family of doctors, engineers and lawyers sitting at a dinner table, I was a comedian. It was awkward. Have unrealistic and unattainable goals in life,\" said Tanmay Bhat, a stand-up comedian.Agreed Benny Prasad, a guitarist: \"There were high expectations from me as I was the son of an aerospace scientist. But I did not excel in studies. There was a time when I contemplated suicide. But it's not worth taking your life for a society that does not understand your capabilities.\"For Pran Kumar Sharma, the brain behind Chacha Chaudhary, Pinki and Billoo, the challenge was to meet the mighty cartoon giants of the West. \"I was pitted against characters like Superman and Phantom. I wanted my characters to be just the opposite of the Western characters -- a common man found in a middle class society,\" he said.Bhakti Sharma, the swimmer who crossed seven seas and four oceans said it was only her energy that helped her through those 16 hours of continuous swimming in seas when currents used to take her nowhere. \"Every sea is so different. Every swim had something to teach me...each time when I pushed myself to do it,\" she said.For Mansukhbhai Prajapati, the founder of Mitticool, a clay refrigerator, the villain has come in many forms. For instance the 2001 Gujarat earthquake left his pottery works in shatters. However, his will was intact and that has been the secret to his success.\"Dare to do, Make new mistakes and invest time on yourself,\" advised Dinesh Ghodke, director of World Alliance for Youth Empowerment. His words summed up what all speakers had dared to achieve in their lives.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12044228", "title": "It was pleasure working with Udita &amp; Sofia: Rajeev Singh", "text": "He catapulted to fame after winning a national and an international male model hunt. Indian male model and actor, Rajeev Singh, then made his Bollywood debut in Deepak Tijori's Khamoshh...Khauff Ki Raatwith Shilpa Shetty.He also produced the critically acclaimed movie Allah Ke Bandey. Now the actor is back on the big screen with two hot ladies on his side yet again - Udita Goswami and Sofia Hayat in Diary of a Butterfly.When quizzed about his equation with his co-stars, he smiles and says, \"Udita and I have modeled together earlier so I have known her for quite sometime. It was a pleasure working with both of them.\" Ask him what kept him busy between Khamoshh...and the current movie and he says, \"I was involved a lot in theatre. And I was training myself at the Film Academy in New York .\"Ask him about donning different hats of a producer, actor and also, a director. He says, \"These are all different parts of the same game. I will be producing and acting in another movie which also stars Arshad Warsi. We are also in talks with Amitabh Bachhan.\"Ask him about the entire process of promotions and he says, \"It is the commercial aspect of a film. We have to make the audiences aware of the movie. It is like selling a product.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12038834", "title": "Security bodies fear placing NCTC within IB", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is not just some states that have concerns about the present stature and positioning of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC), but a section within the security establishment also believes that the body should not be an integral part of the Intelligence Bureau.According to more than one source, a section within the security establishment may have already articulated their concerns about NCTC being an integral part of the IB to the taskforce on national security headed by Naresh Chandra.According to the Cabinet Committee on Security's decision, the NCTC is to be placed within the IB. A senior official told TOI that either NCTC should be taken out of the IB or be given larger functional autonomy so that other agencies involved in terror fight \"have better confidence in the new body.\"It has been felt that making NCTC a part of the IB will see the shortcoming of the Bureau being transmitted to the new body that will also not be able to express its views and command the authority it needs to break intra-agency barriers and put together a 360- degree threat assessment.\"As of now NCTC is just a part of IB, that doesn't infuse much confidence,\" a source said. The official said the most ideal solution would be to take NCTC out of the IB and make it a new separate agency. He pointed out that in the US it is an independent body reporting directly to the director of National Intelligence. \"In the least NCTC should have a high degree of autonomy that is visible,\" he said.Another officer in the security establishment said that the NCTC should remain independent of the IB so that it can develop its own cadre of officers, who would come on deputation from various intelligence agencies and who are competent in handling terror threats. \"Revolving door between IB and NCTC wouldn't help,\" he argued.However, other officers pointed out that NCTC would be significantly weakened if it is taken out of IB because the domestic intelligence agency has the wherewithal for gathering of intelligence. \"NCTC would be heavily dependent on IB,\" one official said. \"IB has over the years developed high level of competence in fighting terror, so it would be but natural for NCTC to draw on that strength,\" he said.A dedicated facility for the proposed counter-terrorism agency is also coming up in the national Capital. Sources said the NCTC is being set up in a few floors in the IB headquarters here. The setting up of the counter-terrorism agency has visibly slowed down in the recent days in the wake of the wave of protests from many states.Indications are that the NCTC may not start full-fledged functioning from its proposed premises on March 1 as was originally proposed. The appointment of the first NCTC director, an additional director rank officer of the IB, may also not be announced until UPA is able to find a way forward on it.Home minister P Chidambaram has promised to protesting CMs that the home ministry would hold a meeting with DGPs and chiefs of counter-terrorism forces before new steps are taken on the setting up of the NCTC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12040227", "title": "Evidence of brutal assault in Nivedita Setu rape", "text": "KOLKATA: The woman who was found battered and bloodied on Nivedita Setu near Dakshineswar temple on Friday morning may have died of excessive bleeding from her private parts after being brutally gangraped.A preliminary medical report suggested a rod-like substance was shoved up her private parts, causing grievous injuries. Besides, scratch marks and bites found all over her body and face bear evidence to the violent manner in which she was assaulted.The victim, who gave a dying statement to police, may have named one of the suspects with her last breaths. \"Don't let off Dilip,\" the 37-year-old told her son Rupak (name changed) in hospital. Rupak and a doctor were at her bedside when she gave her final statement that is being treated by police as an FIR. Investigators are checking CCTV footage of the toll plaza to identify the white van or car that the victim mentioned.The victim's estranged husband suspects the involvement of a local in the incident. Police initially took the woman for a hit-and-run victim. If she hadn't regained consciousness for a brief while, the brutal crime would have gone undetected. Police identified her as a resident of Baranagar Parking Bustee on Belghoria Expressway .Twenty-year-old Rupak was still in shock when TOI met him on Saturday . \"I was horrified to see my mother covered in bruises and scratch marks. When I asked her what had happened, she managed to mumble that some men in a white car had picked her up and abused her. 'Don't let off Dilip' she managed to say before collapsing,\" he said. He refused to divulge who Dilip was and how the family knew him. His 17-year-old younger brother, too, remained mum. But police suspect that the person could be Dilip Sonar, the victim's live-in partner till about a fortnight ago when he dumped her after a quarrel.The victim's estranged husband suspects the involvement of a local in the incident. \"I have information that some people in the neighbourhood were keeping a watch on her movement in recent days,\" he said. Police suspect she was abducted from somewhere near the Indian Statistical Institute on BT Road and then repeatedly raped and assaulted in the vehicle after parking it below Nivedita Setu. She was pushed off the vehicle at the Dunlop-end of the bridge and left to die. She was bleeding so badly that police thought she had been hit by a vehicle.\"A special investigation team is looking into the case. We think it was a van. We are trying to trace the vehicle in which the crime occurred. Once the post-mortem report is available, the nature of the crime and cause of death will be clear,\" said Barrackpore additional deputy commissioner Biswajit Ghosh.Rupak had last seen his mother around 6.30 pm on Thursday. The crime has shocked the slum. Neighbour Namita Sur said: \"They were poor but we never saw her getting involved in any immoral activity, something the cops hinted at when they conducted a preliminary enquiry. Those who raped and killed her must be hunted down and punished.\"Baranagar municipality vicechairman Ramkrishna Pal termed the incident shameful and said he had spoken to the police for a proper investigation. \"We stand by the family in this hour of crisis,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12044425", "title": "Mock drill death: Four firemen suspended", "text": "BANGALORE: Four firemen were suspended today for their \"negligence\" during a mock drill, which resulted in a garment factory worker falling to her death from the third floor of the unit earlier this week.Fire officers Devaraju and K Narayanaswamy and Fire Station officers Nisar Ahmed and Marianna were suspended after a Fire Department probe yesterday into the incident.\"The report is expected to be submitted in a week's time,\" DGP, Fire Services, A R Infant told PTI here.Infant said the four were suspended for not following standard operating norms while conducting drills. \"They should have tested the quality of the rope before using it for the mock drill,\" he said.The officials also should have arranged for enough cushions at various points on the ground, Infant said.Nalini (24) fell to her death from the third floor of a garment factory on February 24 during the mock drill after the rope snapped.The drill was being conducted by the Fire Department in the premises of Bombay Rayon Fashion Limited in Peenya Industrial Area in north Bangalore to test the preparedness of factory workers and fire officials during a fire.The garment factory management has announced a compensation of Rs five lakh to the next kin of Nalini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039279", "title": "Vadra again talks politics", "text": "NEW DELHI: Priyanka Gandhi's husband, Robert Vadra, has given yet another interview to the media about his plans on joining politics, fuelling speculations in political circles, especially as they come after Priyanka having pointed out that his business interests were unlikely to leave him with any time to dedicate to politics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "12040033", "title": "Centre permits gauge conversion construction through Barail Sanctuary", "text": "SILCHAR: The Union ministry of environment and forests gave its nod to continue the construction of the 214-km Lumding-Silchar broad gauge conversion project through Barail Sanctuary in Dima Hasao district recently. The Dima Hasao DFO had stopped the construction of the project in 2008 as the railway department did not have the permission of the ministry for construction through the sanctuary. The ministry of environment and forest gaveits nod last week and conveyed its decision to its Assam counterpart and the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) authorities.According to the order signed by the conservator of forests (C) of the Shillong-based northeast regional office of the concerned Union ministry, the Railways can now go ahead with the construction work across an area of 3.6 hectares through the sanctuary. The state government also sent a copy of the order to the chief conservator of forests, Dima Hasao, in Haflong.According to the clauses of the permission, NFR has to pay a sum of Rs 3,048,136 to the Assam forest department before going on with the project so that the Assam environment and forest department can carry out afforestation in 7.2 hectares of land of the Barail reserve forests, in line with the guidelines of the Supreme Court.Sources say that the nod for construction will go a long way in ensuring that the work for the broad gauge project, the foundation for which was laid in 1996, is completed by December, 2013 and commissioned by January, 2014 in accordance with the NFR plan. NFR had earlier announced that the project will be completed by 2006 and then 2009 and again by 2012. The project has been a victim of 'logistical problems' in the past years, sources said.The authorities said the construction of the longest tunnel in the section, tunnel 10, with a length of 3,235 metres, has started from both sides and is expected to be completed by October, 2013.The Lumding-Silchar-Jiribam-Badarpur-Kumarghat gauge conversion project, which is 368.46 km long, was sanctioned in 1996-97. The project, costing Rs 4,073.50 crore, was declared a national project in 2004.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040130", "title": "Priest arrested for theft at Jain temple", "text": "PUNE: A priest was arrested on Saturday for allegedly stealing ornaments worth Rs 4.8 lakh from the famous Jain temple at Khadki Bazaar temple on Friday night.The suspect, Arjunsinh Tirusinh alias Shivpratapsinh Rajput (22) of Gujarat, worked as a priest with the same temple before quitting his job a few months back.The police launched a probe after the theft of 8.5 kg silver ornaments of the idol from Munisurat Swami Bhagwan Jain temple came to light on Saturday morning.The identity of the suspect was not known then as investigations had revealed that a man had committed the theft by opening the temple door with a set of keys.Deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Sanjay Jadhav said the police zeroed in on the former priest as investigations had revealed that the theft was committed by a person who was aware of the temple's functioning.Rajput, who lives in the city with his brother, was picked up for questioning during which he spilled the beans.In an hour's time, the police recovered the stolen ornaments from Rajput who had hidden it in his room near the temple. Later he was taken into custody.Rajput had quit the job as a priest after the death of his mother a month ago, but he later started staying with his brother. Rajput told the police that he committed the crime for quick money.Jadhav has directed temple officials to install a CCTV camera, appoint trained guards and to form a committee to take review of security and to keep ornaments in safe custody.The zone IV area covers eight police stations which has under its jurisdiction 298 temples including 61 at Khadki, 89 mosques, 41 churches and 13 statues. The police have issued guidelines to authorities of religious places to adopt security measures.The Khadki Cantonment court has sent the priest to magisterial custody for 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12039897", "title": "Youth faked attack arrested, money seized", "text": "COIMBATORE: A youth, who claimed on Friday that two persons threw red chilli powder on his eyes and took away Rs 1.17 lakh from him has confessed to police that it was a drama enacted by him. During the interrogation, A Naveen of Indira Nagar near Sowripalayam, told the police that he had kept the money in a bakery nearby. The police arrested him on Saturday recovered the amount from him.21-year-old Naveen was working as an accountant in a brick kiln at Chinniyampalayam in the city. He had withdrawn Rs 1.17 lakh from Vijaya bank on Friday and returned to the kiln owner's house by bike. He had said that when he reached PLS Nagar near Chinniyampalayam, two unidentified person came on a bike and threw red chilli powder on his eyes and took away Rs 1.17 lakh. Immediately, he informed his owner over mobile phone and later police officers rushed to the spot.The police investigation revealed that he gave the bag which contained the money to a bakery shop owner at PLS Nagar and the he sprinkled red chilli powder on his eyes and acted fell down from the bike. Police officers said that during the interrogation, we realized that he was telling lie and conducted detailed inquiry with him.\"He had joined as an accountant 24 days ago. He planned the attack and staged a drama. During interrogation he confessed to the crime. We have seized the amount from him and he was arrested,\" said L Balaji Saravanan, assistant commissioner of police (crime), Coimbatore city east sub-division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "12044036", "title": "Woman allegedly gang-raped while resisting train dacoits", "text": "BURDWAN: A woman was allegedly gang-raped when she resisted dacoits looting passengers of a local train in West Bengal's Burdwan district.The dacoits, who were posing as passengers, held the guard of the Ahmedpur-Katwa narrow gauge passenger hostage yesterday and forced the driver to stop the train near Pachundi and started looting the people on board near Panchundi in Katwa area, police said.Director General of Police (Railways) Dilip Mitra who visited the spot today along with SDPO, Katwa, Dhrubajyoti Roy said that the woman complained to the police that she was dragged out of the train and raped by some men near the rail tracks.\"The woman has been identified. I have spoken to her. An FIR was lodged immmediately after the incident,\" Mitra said.Roy said he went to the residence of the woman at Ambalpur nearby Pachundi under Ketugram Police station yesterday following the incident and after listening to her took her to the Government Railway Police at Katwa where she lodged the complaint of rape.The SDPO said that three persons were detained following the complaint.Mitra said the woman was sent for a medical examination and the report was awaited.CPI(M) workers demonstrated at the Katwa railway station protesting against the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12039746", "title": "Anna fails to inspire young Goan voters", "text": "PANAJI: With the general assembly election looming large over Goa, young and old voters are preparing to exercise their democratic rights. While infrastructure, employment and sincerity seem to be the top qualities young voters are looking for, Anna Hazare's anti-graft campaign appears to have done little to influence young minds, who say they are willing to tolerate a little corruption if candidates display some efficiency.Twenty-year-old student of Carmel College of Nuvem and a first-time voter Alicia Rodrigues said that her criterion for voting has not been affected by the Anna Hazare movement for the Lokpal Bill. \"I want to vote for a person who will improve conditions for the poor, will develop infrastructure in the state and provide employment for the youth.\"Benaulim-based businessman, 23-year-old Cajitan Baptista, is of the same view. \"The Anna Hazare campaign has not been able to change much at the end. I will vote keeping in mind the party of the candidate. Because if a candidate belonging to a particular party is elected, he can bring about more change for the constituency than independent candidates.\"Shawn Braganza, a 19-year-old student of St Xavier's College, Mapusa, endorses the same opinion. \"There was no outcome from the anti-corruption drive of Anna Hazare. I would prefer to vote for a candidate belonging to a political party because if independent candidates are elected they sell their support to political parties for a price and therefore tend to be more corrupt.\"For South Goa resident Kevin Rodrigues, a candidate's past performance is all that matters. \"I will vote only for a candidate who has done some good work for the people in his constituency in the past,\" the young fashion designer said.Anthony Paul Sequeira, 31, from Siolim said he believes in helping himself first. \"MLAs should bring about development in their constituencies no doubt, but I would prefer to vote for a person who will help me get my work done. Each one should think of oneself before others,\" he said.A civil engineer from North Goa, Pranav Kumar, said, \"This is the second time I will be voting. I am going to vote according to the development done by a candidate in his constituency. Also, political parties do a lot of work for the society in general during the pre-election time. I am going to judge candidates based on this work too. We can never find any non-corrupt parties so that is not a criterion for voting.\"However, there were some youngsters who did feel that the Anna Hazare campaign has affected voters, at least subconsciously in the manner in which they will vote, if not in a direct way. Lecturer in a North Goa college, Nitin Volvoikar, said, \"The Anna Hazare movement has made us conscious of the problem of corruption more than ever before. In elections, there are two factions for me, the BJP and the Congress-NCP. I will vote based on the past work put in by these parties. But we are looking for parties who are less corrupt now more than ever before.\"Thirty-five-year-old bank accountant Rahul Prabhudessai said, \"Anna has brought about a huge change in the minds of the voters. One thing I will look out for while voting is that the candidate does not have any criminal record.\"Elections 2012 NewsGoa Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12039924", "title": "'Madurai Meena' to showcase city to the world", "text": "MADURAI: Dressed in a colourful 'pattu pavadai' (silk skirt), jasmine flowers on her hair, bangles and earrings, 'Madurai Meena' is all set to be the temple city's brand ambassador for culture and heritage throughout the globe and will start her journey on February 27.Gaurie Gupta, in charge of the programme, which is a part of 'Madurai Vizha' hosted by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) says that they plan to reach out to the world with the doll. Twenty replicas have been made of this hand-painted, two feet tall wooden doll and will be sent to people of different countries with some information on Madurai. Organisers hope that people who receive the package will not merely retain her as a souvenir but send her on a chain of journeys, taking the message of Madurai and its culture.The three-day second edition of 'Madurai Vizha', which was inaugurated on Friday, is being hosted by the CII. It is an initiative of the tourism wing of CII to showcase the rich culture and heritage of Madurai to the outside world.At the venue, visitors could witness sculptors making stone sculptures and garland makers stringing the famous 'Madurai jasmine'. There were cultural programmes showcasing the various art forms such as 'poikal kudirai' and 'karakattam', local cuisine to suit the taste buds and even the 'ilavattakal, the round stone that young men had to carry over their shoulder and prove their might to win the hand of the girl of his choice.The receivers of Madurai Meena have just one duty to perform, that is, to take a photograph of themselves with the doll in front of a famous landmark in his or her city or town and upload it on the special webpage, which is linked to the website www.maduraitourism.info.CII hopes that Meena would be photographed in front of the Buckingham palace, Statue of Liberty, Sydney Opera House, Vatican and even the Alps and Amazon. The objective is to create a chain of the doll across various countries, without age barriers, who will become aware of Madurai's ancient history, culture and heritage while keeping track of the doll on her webpage. When a person uploads a photograph of himself with Meena on her webpage he or she will promptly receive a postcard from the organisers.The doll will begin its journey on February 27 and people can start tracking her journey from the second week of March 2012. It is hoped that this doll will form a social network of people, interested in the culture and heritage of Madurai and visit this ancient city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "rose enclave", "code": "12038197", "title": "People bring back beauty of park", "text": "ROSE ENCLAVE: Where administration failed to perform, residents excelled. Fed up of seeing their park wither away, residents of Rose Enclave transformed the patch into a blooming beauty.Sixty-year-old Amarjeet Singh Tandhi, a retired government servant and president of Rose Enclave Welfare Society, said, \"As many as 15 families living in the vicinity of the park contribute money every month for its maintenance, which includes buying flowers seeds, fertilizers and pesticides, cuttings flowers and buying ornamental plants. We have kept three gardeners on a part-time basis though the residents also work when needed.\"Municipal corporation is also providing fund for the upkeep of the park.Amarjeet Singh Tandhi, a retired government servant and president of Rose Enclave Welfare Society said, \"The green ornamental plants which we have in the park include various types of palms like Areca and Bottle palm. Besides, we also have silver oak, bottle brush, hapicicus and aurocaria. The flowers which are growing in the park include roses of various colours (red, pink, yellow, white), poppy flowers, dog flowers, dahlia, gulsharfi, small marigolds and burf (ice) flower.\"All these efforts bore fruits when the maintenance of park was appreciated by PAU and MC and they were awarded with the second prize last year in the best managed park category. Saroj Khanna, 61, a resident who along with her grandchildren, Hemant and Palkin, goes to park for evening walk says, \"Our park is perhaps the most well managed in the city. It is the perfect place to relax. My grandchildren also love playing in it. The Rose Enclave welfare society has done a commendable job in the management of the park.\"Hemant Khanna, 10, a student of class V says, \"We have swings and sliders in the park which are liked by all the children of our area. We also play games in the park but ensure there is no damage to the flowers, grass and other infrastructure.\"Honey Sehgal, a 25-year-old businessman of the area says, \"Park is the best place for all of us for amusement and relaxation. We feel proud of the efforts of the members of Rose Enclave welfare society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12037151", "title": "Decision on branded girl on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Child Welfare Committee (CWC) will decide the fate of the seven-year-old girl who was branded by her stepmother, on Friday after she was admitted to J J Hospital for her injuries that she suffered at the hands of her stepmother for over two months.The CWC was supposed to decide the girl's fate on February 24. \"Since the girl's injuries need time to heal, the CWC will wait for a few days till she recovers,\" DCP (Zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni told TOI. Kulkarni has appealed to social workers or those wanting to lend support, to help the girl and her grandparents who live in poverty. Meanwhile the accused, Aarti Thakur (24), is still in jail as no one has come forward as surety for her bail. - V Narayan\"The accused husband and relatives are scared thinking about the reaction from the people if they get out the accused on bail. The locals are aware about the torture his second wife has done to his daughter and they fear the consequences,\" said Kulkarni.The accused was first arrested on February 1 and was granted bail the next day. However after going through the seriousness in the case, the Dharavi police on February 8 filed a request with the Bandra Court to revoke the bail granted to the accused. The court revoked the bail application and the accused was rearrested the same day and was sent to police custody till February 13.The matter was observed on February 1, when the victim, Menaka Thakur, ran out of her Shatabdi Nagar home in Dharavi. Locals rushed her to the Sion hospital. Menaka told the police that Aarti treated her as a domestic help, despite which she was denied proper food and tortured. She was brought to Mumbai from Muzaffarpur by her father to get her enroll in school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039437", "title": "Activists decry violence against Kashmiri Christians, seek help", "text": "MUMBAI: Former Bombay High Court judge and human rights activist Michael Saldhana has called upon the Union government to step in and protect the rights of Christians in Jammu &amp; Kashmir.Speaking at a joint press conference with Joseph Dias of the Catholic Secular Forum (CSF), Saldhana decried the rising violence against minorities in J&K; . The press meet was attended by Kashmiri lawyer Iftikar Bazmi and two Kashmiri Christians, who had covered their faces fearing retaliation by militant groups. \"First, it was Kashmiri Pandits who were being attacked. Later , Sikhs became targets of violence and now Christians are being attacked,\" said Bazmi, who pointed out that small groups in the valley are behind the violence and do not have the support of the state's majority Muslim population.\"In November 2006, Bashir Ahmed Tantray, who had accepted the Christian faith, was shot dead by Islamist extremists in Baramullah district,\" said Bazmi. \"In September 2010,the All Saints'Church was burnt for the second time. The same year, a mob torched a school and a church in Tanmarg district,\" he added.\"These militant groups are not getting any money from the Indian government or groups. So, who is funding them? Obviously, they are getting help from outside the country,\" Bazmi said.Dias said there seemed to be a race on between politicians to be more Islamic in the valley. \"Religious fanatics are now asking Christian families to convert to Islam,\" he said and pointed out the case of pastor Rev C M Khanna who is being harassed under false charges.Dias said that there were only a few hundred Christians in Kashmir but some politicians have been claiming that the valley has thousands owing to conversions . \"There are a few who have embraced Christianity, but they did not do so due to force,\" he said. \"The Centre and the state government must ensure the safety of Rev Khanna and dozens of families whose lives and property are in danger. The affected persons should be rehabilitated, given government jobs and loans to restart their lives.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12039039", "title": "Impose fines for adjournments: Ex-CJ of England", "text": "MUMBAI: Set a time-table for each case and impose huge costs for adjournments, said Lord Justice Harry Kenneth Woolf, former chief justice of England and Wales, while giving tips to reduce the piling up of cases in Indian courts.Woolf, Law Lord, Houses of Lords, was speaking at a seminar on Saturday on reforms in the civic justice system in the central court of the Bombay High Court. Lord Woolf, who is credited with bringing changes in the English civil justice system, admitted it was \"difficult\" to introduce changes and he had to persuade his fellow judges to get \"proactive\". \"Reform of the civil justice system is just doing sensible things which an ordinary person says is much better than the way things were done,\" he added.Lord Woolf said judges have to make orders meaningful and clients and advocates must be made to pay costs forthwith when they seek adjournments. \"This small change has had a most sanitary effect. Once the message gets around, attitudes will change,\" he explained. He also supported mediation, saying \"it may not get you a judgment you like, but the results are more beneficial to you than it would take up in court proceedings.\" Lord Woolf advocated getting professionals from other fields to assist in improving court protocol.In his introductory address, Bombay HC Chief Justice Mohit Shah said that even with amendments in the Civil Procedure Code in 2002, our \"mindset has not changed\".Former director of National Law School, Bangalore, N R Madhava Menon, said it is seldom that the system of civil justice changes, even though socio-economic and technological changes have taken place in society. He stressed on judicial activism from the level of magistrate and district courts for the speedy disposal of cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037144", "title": "CM-governor cold war hots up", "text": "HYDERABAD: A showdown between chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and governor E S L Narasimhan over the appointment of information commissioners' (ICs) looks imminent. This is because the chief minister has decided to seek the advice of the advocate general on the legality and constitutional validity of the governor's action in rejecting the names of four of the 8 ICs that Kiran Kumar had decided upon in concurrence with opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu.Sources told STOI that after Narasimhan returned the file pertaining to the appointment of the information commissioners, Kiran Kumar did not contact Raj Bhavan nor try to convince the governor to clear the appointments. \"Instead, the CM has sought the opinion of the AG on the issue and has also sought details of the manner of appointment of ICs in other states. \"After a meeting that Kiran Kumar had with AG A Sudershan Reddy on Saturday, it was decided that a strong reply will be sent to Raj Bhavan with details about the ICs in other states as well as questioning the constitutional position of the governor in the appointment of the information commissioners,\" the sources said.Apart from the legal position, the chief minister's office has been directed to find out how ICs were appointed in states like Rajasthan, Haryana and Maharashtra. \"All these three are Congress-ruled states. The CM wants to know if the governors in these states rejected the candidature of any information commissioner because of his past political affiliations,\" said the sources. Of the 8 information commissioners that the CM had finalised, Narasimhan had cleared the names of four but urged Kiran Kumar to reconsider the other four names due to their past political affiliations.CM's aides are of the view that as per the RTI act, there is no provision for the governor to ask the chief minister to re-consider the names. According to them, Kiran Kumar is upset with the governor for repeatedly vetoing his decisions or taking `unilateral decisions'. \"First, acting on media reports, the governor directed the removal of Sri Krishnadevaraya University vice-chancellor B Kusuma Kumari. After that, when Kiran Kumar wanted A Dilip Reddy to be appointed as a member of the AP Administrative Tribunal, Narasimhan returned the file twice and ensured that it was not approved by the Centre. Now, he has returned the file pertaining to the appointment of the information commissioners with objections over four of the names. All this is embarrassing the chief minister and damaging the image of the ruling party in the state,\" said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ferozepur road", "code": "12038156", "title": "Underpass to open after shop auction", "text": "FEROZEPUR ROAD: Residents will have to wait for the auction of shops constructed in the passengers underpass (PUP) at Ferozepur Road in front of the district administration complex before they can start using it. The road is also out of bounds because construction material has not been cleared out yet.The project has already missed its deadline and about 15 days work is still pending.MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"Some small works are left in the PUP but we will open it by mid-March because we will be able to arrange for auction of shops only by then. In the house meeting, we will decide on the auction date and then open it for pedestrians.\"Sources say the authorities do not want to open the PUP before the auction because they feel that as people frequent it the shops will begin to look old and dirty and it will fetch them lesser money. Nine shops have been constructed in this PUP.Construction of the passenger underpass (PUP) at Ferozepur Road outside the district administration complex had started in November 2010 and officials were supposed to complete the work in one year. The officials claimed that first the rainy season delayed the work by three months and then the election code of conduct was imposed that further delayed the work. The officials have spent Rs 3.5 crore on the construction work.\"More than a year has passed since this construction work was started near DC complex and it is not getting completed, resulting in several problems for commuters,\" said Amrik Singh, a businessman and resident of Civil Lines.A student and resident of BRS Nagar, Bhupesh Gupta said Ferozepur Road is the busiest road of the city and MC officials are constructing two PUPs on this road in one go, which is creating problems for the residents. The pace of work too is very low, he regretted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12037893", "title": "Gridlocked &amp; blacked out", "text": "It can happen only in India. The sector has seen maximum reforms since the passage of the excellent Electricity Act 2003- unbundling of utilities, beginning of limited 'open access' policy, a regulator for every state, reasonable depoliticization of pricing, losses of state electricity boards (SEBs) taken over through RBI guaranteed bonds, and unprecedented finance pumped in. Yet the power sector is in a comprehensive mess today.It all started with an excellent Act being castrated by our political leadership by repeatedly placing lapdogs as regulators, who toed their master's voices faithfully. Now giving free power to bribe the voters is a mere first step. On top of that there are promises of zero tariff revision for five years; guarantees that power thieves will never be caught, and encouraged if possible. And to make matters worse, several impediments are put in the way of the private sector when it wants to invest in the sector. Independently, the private sector tries every trick in the book to ensure that they do not have any financial obligation, even for any legitimate business risk that they might have taken, but instead pass it all on to the taxpayer, you and me!There is zero courage in governments irrespective of political hue, to ensure that free power in all its attendant avatars, is not repeatedly used by the political leadership to maul the treasury. The rare exception being Gujarat, which is a role model in ensuring 24x7 three-phase power supply to 18,000 villages, with investors now moving to villages from cities for their new projects!The 'real' SEB losses are around twice the 'official' losses being projected of around Rs 100, 000 crore and in many states banks have stopped lending to them. The 'real' losses can't be disclosed for that would take down the banking system along with the power sector! As such they are happy enforcing power cuts than buy more expensive power, coming out of the above-convoluted mess. In 2010-11 in just six months alone, NTPC 'lost' 8 billion units of power. Having power and yet unable to use it is criminal! The immediate crises looming is that of an acute, unprecedented shortage of coal to fuel India's power plants, with many of them having barely a few weeks supply of coal! The shortfall for existing and future power plants coming up until 2015 is approximately 150MT (million tonne) and the maximum amount covered via imports is about 65MT. Design and construction of the boilers of plants coming up till 2015 is already done, assuming provisioning for 10% imported coal, so it would be impossible to increase that now. Coal India's track record of just 347MT for power this year, and insistence on e-auctions, hardly ensures confidence on their promise of delivering 477MT by 2016.Private power firms are wrong in law when they cite force majeure based on change in law in Indonesia - which now does not permit coal to be sold below global prices- as a reason to ask for pass through of the higher prices to customers. In other words, while they reap the benefit by booking higher profits abroad in their coal companies, they want to sell that same coal to Indian customers and make a double profit by exploiting this direct conflict of interest!Further, many of them have cleverly swapped the fixed cost of the power plants, with their variable cost in official bid documents, so as to get the benefit of escalation on the higher of the two figures! But with global prices shooting up, the crows have come home to roost and they now wish to makeup for a legitimate business risk going awry, by making the end customer pay for it! The government of India must hold such firms to account, by calling on their performance guarantees and if needed, rebid these projects.Environmental consciousness is unarguably vital for every society, but India, which is adding an Australia in terms of population every year, needs to debate and prioritize, what should take precedence, environment or development. Despite a clear legal opinion from the attorney general that the 'Go-No-Go\" policy is violative of law and rules out 80% of coal-bearing areas from being mined, there is still no clear move to scrap it. Indira Gandhi's far-sighted policy to create reserve and revenue forests after a detailed process has been turned on its head with every piece of wasteland, with any small shrub on it, now being termed as a 'forest' in government records under the fear of overzealous NGOs, as a result of which billions of rupees of investment lies trapped.On an emergency basis, the government needs to do the following: manufacture political will to allow genuine 'open access' without a perverse surcharge; to separate the wires and power supply functions within discoms to ensure that there is true 'agnosticism'of power supply (as is being commendably tried by Maharashtra); ramp up/modernize production in Coal India and other captive blocks and hold private firms to generate power as per the contract they signed.Without these, the future of Indian power is simply black and we should all look at buying stocks in candle companies in the immediate term.The writer is an IAS officer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039579", "title": "Soon, more satellite-controlled planes to fight Naxals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre is proposing to significantly expand UAV deployment in Naxal-affected areas.Sources said the move comes in the wake of noticeable successes from UAVs that have been based in central India and operating over Naxal areas. These UAVs have been providing live streaming of images from areas where Maoists are active. \"They have been extremely helpful in our operations, in figuring out camps, tracks etc,\" an official in the security establishment said.The UAVs, deployed from the fleet belonging to the National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO), have long endurance and can linger over an area for 15-18 hours. Given that they are controlled via satellites, they are able to loiter for long hours, unlike the previous generation that the IAF had deployed. The air force UAVs were 'line of sight' vehicles that had limited range and endurance, and thus reduced capability to loiter over an area, the official said.The initial experience with the air force UAVs was not very exciting, the official said. \"But now, with the NTRO's UAVs that are controlled by ground stations through satellites, we have been able to achieve a very long endurance. It is making all the difference,\" he said.The live feed from the UAVs are received at joint command centres where both NTRO technical experts and CRPF personnel are deployed. Based on the inputs, the CRPF has carried out several successful operations in recent months, sources said.Officials said the home ministry has now asked NTRO to open a second ground station for UAVs for anti-Maoist operations. The effort is to further extend the strategic reach over the Red Corridor, an official said.As part of efforts to further strengthen UAV deployment, CRPF is also finalizing a proposal to acquire tactical UAVs that can be carried around by troops. They could be looking at a version of miniature UAVs, that can be shoulder-launched, or of similar capability, sources said.Presently, the parameters for these miniature UAVs are being finalized. These miniature UAVs are to provide advance information to troops on operation, and could be integral part of the operational capability of anti-Naxal battalions, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039706", "title": "Saat pheras at a crematorium", "text": "BHOPAL: Marriages are said to be arranged in heaven. But this one was solemnized inside a crematorium amid beating of drums, music and dance.Vinod tied the nuptial knot with Vinita, daughter of Amar Rai, on Saturday here at the Anand Nagar crematorium on Raisen Road. For those who wonder why, Amar is the caretaker of the crematorium and live in the crematorium.There were more than 200 guests at the wedding ceremony. The guests could be seen dancing, rejoicing and enjoying themselves on the happy occasion, completely changing the atmosphere of the place, where people usually mourn and is hardly considered the best place for merrymaking.The reason behind such a venue for matrimony was that not only had Vinita grown up in the familiar surroundings of the crematorium but there were some financial constraints of the family as well, which is why the bride's family couldn't afford a lavish affair.However, some people criticised the marriage in the crematorium stating that it was highly 'inappropriate.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12037499", "title": "SCR to do away with unmanned crossings", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the wake of Friday's rail accident at an unmanned railway crossing near Yerpedu in Chittoor district in which two persons were killed, the South Central Railway (SCR) has decided to do away with unmanned rail crossings by April 2015.At present, there are 1,032 unmanned crossings under SCR's jurisdiction.Railway officials said that despite markers warning people about the danger at these crossings, mishaps occuedr due to carelessness.\"There are warning boards and speed breakers 20 metres from the crossings to prevent untoward incidents.\"There are safety counsellors visiting villages to educate the people about these crossings and we also issue advertisements and newsletters from time to time telling people about unmanned crossings. But haste on part of motorists nullifies all that work,\" said K Sambasiva Rao, SCR's chief public relations officer.Friday's accident claimed the lives of the driver and assistant driver of the Tirupati-Machilipatnam express which rammed into a tractor that was loaded with bricks as the latter tried to outrun the approaching train at the crossing.Rao said that all unmanned crossings maintained by SCR would be replaced with diversion roads or subways where possible.Where that is not possible, the crossing will be closed if it is one that does not see any heavy traffic.Crossings which handle heavy traffic shall be manned.\"We will carry out these changes in a phased manner and complete the project by 2015,\" Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12039613", "title": "Three youths abduct college girl", "text": "BHOPAL: A 21-year-old college student was allegedly abducted by three youths in Bagh Mugalia area in the city on Saturday evening.The daughter of Shivraj Soni, who has a jewellery shop in Kotra area, was abducted from the house, the police said. Three youths stormed into house and allegedly abducted the girl on a two-wheeler.The accused reportedly roughed up the victim's mother, Chandrakala, and grandfather Bhawani Shankar when they tried to save her.One of the accused was identified as Jamshed.Upon learning about the incident, local residents gathered at the Bagh Sewania police station and charged the police with lawlessness in the city.Members of some saffron outfits also joined the mob to protest the abduction.The police have registered a case under sections of abduction. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12038526", "title": "500 trees, 12 houses stand in way of proposed line", "text": "GURGAON: The proposed IFFCO Chowk-IGI Airport Metro route has over 500 trees and a dozen houses on its way, according to a report by Delhi Metro, which is working on the ambitious project.The Metro has informed the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) about the presence of the obstructions, houses and trees. The administrator, Prvaeen Kumar, said: \"The work on the route will be cleared as per the provisions of the project. The process of acquiring land will be finalized once the route is finalized in consultation with the Metro.\"The spadework for the proposed Metro route has been completed after carrying out a detailed on-site survey. The over Rs 800 crore project is a joint venture of DMRC and Reliance in which a dedicated Metro line will link IFFCO Chowk to IGI airport, covering several sectors of Gurgaon. HUDA is carrying out a survey of the land around the route which later will be acquired and handed over to Delhi Metro before the actual construction starts.As per the tentative plan, the Metro will go through IFFCO Chowk and Palam Vihar on an elevated corridor. The tentative route has a lot of fully grown trees and houses. These houses will have to be removed because of their proximity to the elevated Metro track. Most of the trees and buildings are in Sector 23 and 18.The DMRC officials have explained to the HUDA officials about their main priorities for the route. Sources said that the main concern of the Metro officials is the presence of highrise buildings and the alignment angle after NH-8. The colonies were inspected thoroughly and the road specifications were checked to carve out tentative routes for the elevated Metro track.In the past during the inspection of the route, Metro and HUDA officials worked out the angle of alignment of the elevated track for the project. \"At some places the elevated route has to be aligned for ensuring maximum speed and for this the buildings and trees have to be removed,\" said another senior official.Apart from the route, the DMRC has yet to finalize other operational aspects of the project including the number of trains, the yard, and strategy to sync the Gurgaon-Delhi route with the Gurgaon-IGI route.The Metro is expecting high ridership on the new link. In August last year, the Delhi-Gurgaon Metro line had started and redefined travel between the two places. The Metro link (Delhi-Gurgaon) is one of the busiest of all the DMRC's routes and the upcoming IFFCO-IGI Metro link will completely change the way people travel to IGI airport. The project (IFFCO Chowk-Airport Metro) will be similar to the Delhi-IGI link in all respects: the look of the coaches, the train's speed, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12038923", "title": "Bt Brinjal decision not forced: Ramesh", "text": "KOCHI: Union minister Jairam Ramesh on Saturday said that no NGO influenced his decision to put a moratorium on Bt Brinjal, a statement that comes against the backdrop of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh raising questions about the role of foreign funded NGOs in blocking use of genetic engineering.\"Green Peace, a foreign funded NGO, accused me of propagating the line of Monsanto during a public hearing in Bangalore. So on Bt Brinjal, since I was directly involved, I can confidently say no NGOs influenced my views,\" Ramesh, who is on a three-day Kerala visit, told reporters.He said his position on Bt Brinjal was determined by the positions of state governments, the lack of consensus among the scientific community, the fact that the tests were not completed and that there was no independent professional mechanism which will instill confidence in the public.\"I did not ban Bt Brinjal. I decided lets put moratorium. Lets fulfil all these four conditions and then revisit the whole issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12039172", "title": "Old enmity led to attack on bouncer: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven hours after the media aired the footage of a bouncer, Bhupender Nagar, being severely assaulted outside Surya Hotel early morning on February 13, the police finally arrested eight men. However, they let it be known that Nagar and the main accused, Rocky, had a history of animosity which had led to this flashpoint.A case under the IPC sections relating to voluntarily causing hurt, wrongfully restraining a person and attempt to commit culpable homicide has been registered against the accused. Nagar - who is employed with a nightclub, Jynxxx - at Nehru Place and his friends had been hit with iron rods near Surya Hotel in New Friends Colony, police said. Nagar, 27, has alleged that he was targeted because he had denied these men entry to the nightclub on February 12.According to Nagar, the main assaulters - Rocky, Vikas Chauhan, Mahendra and Bobby - had followed him when he left the nightclub with his friends, Vinod Kumar, Rohti Tomar alias 'Manu' and Sharad. Near Surya, they were allegedly forced out at gunpoint and assaulted, police said. The brawl lasted for 30 minutes until one of the victims managed to call the police.The manager of the nightclub, Tomar, has alleged that the police had caught three of the attackers on the spot but let them go. He said these men had become a nuisance at the club and a police complaint had been filed against them two months back for misbehaving with some guests.The police, under attack for delaying action in the case, claimed on Saturday that Nagar and Rocky knew each other for a long time since they all worked as bouncers in various establishments. \"They had an altercation over friendship with a girl and the incident on February 13 was a result of this tussle. The Scorpio and Wagon R used in the incident have been seized,'' said Ajay Chaudhry, additional CP (southeast). Chaudhry did not, however, mention a Black Accent from which Nagar claimed two shots had been fired at them when they were crossing the Modi Mill flyover. The police are investigating if a PCR van deliberately ``left'' the scene of action as seen in the CCTV footage. ``Prima facie, we do not believe there was any call before the PCR van left,'' Chaudhry said.According to Nagar, he had found the accused loitering around the hotel on the night of February 12. ``I had left the club with Vinod Kumar and Manu on my way home (Mithapur village in south Delhi) around 5 am. Near a Nehru Place temple, I noticed a Swift following us and Bobby was sitting in it. I drove to Surya Hotel thinking my uncle employed there would protect us but were stopped at the gate for checking by the guards. Rocky, Vikas Chauhan, Manendra and Bobby came out of their car and started beating us,'' alleged Nagar.The police said the accused had been absconding and finally five of them had been apprehended at a farmhouse at Chattarpur. The others were picked up from Noida, Sangam Vihar and a pub in GK-I area. Those arrested are Anuj (26), Sandeep (25), Rocky (24), Bibby (26), Manander (27), Sunder Pal (27), Devender (31) and Satyawan (30). All are from a rural background and are school dropouts, said the police. He said the police has got two-day remand of three of the accused, including Rocky while the others have been sent to judicial remand for seven days.One Vikas Chauhan and Sunny are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "12038005", "title": "34 tribal poachers arrested", "text": "BARIPADA: As many as 34 tribal hunters were arrested and 80 kg of sambar meat seized from them in Simlipal reserve forest in Mayurbhanj district, officials said on Saturday. The arrests on Friday night came during intensified crackdown on poaching ahead of Akhand Shikar, the traditional mass hunting by tribals.Divisional forest officer (Baripada) Bejoy Kumar Panda said several bows, arrows, hunting axes and country-made guns were also seized from the accused at Naupada in the fauna-rich Manabhanga Ghati. The hunters were caught by a joint anti-poaching team of forest staff from Baripada, Karanjia and a posse of former servicemen. All the tribals were residents of nearby villages, the DFO added.This was the second such hunting excursion by tribals in Simlipal within a span of one week. More than 500 tribals, armed with bows and arrows and country-made guns, had sneaked into Bhangadhar area of Upper-Barha-Kamuda in the core area of the Simlipal Tiger Reserve (STR) on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "arambagh", "code": "12037694", "title": "Potato farmer commits suicide", "text": "ARAMBAGH: While the state government has time and again denied that debt was the cause behind farmer suicides, one more farmer committed suicide in Satmasha village of Hooghly's Arambagh on Saturday. Swapan Manna, the 46-year-old victim, killed himself reportedly because he was unable to repay his loans. This takes the toll of recent farmer suicides in the state to 32. Swapan's body was sent for autopsy.Amid repeated denials about farmers' suicides forked out by chief minister Mamata Banerjee and her government, a 46-year-old potato farmer committed suicide in Satmasha village of Hooghly's Arambagh on Saturday. This takes the toll of recent farmers' suicides in the state to 32.facing a mountain of debt amid certain crop failure after disease hit his current crop.Early on Saturday morning, villagers found Swapan's body hanging from a tree near his house. On being informed, Arambagh police took the body and sent it for an autopsy.near the Manna home early in the morning. Neighbours and family informed police. A team from Arambagh police station recovered the body and sent it for an autopsy.Manna was faced with a huge amount of debt after he could not harvest his infected crops.The victim's brother Tapan said that the family owned 11 bighas of land. Swapan had taken loans from three banks. Since his crops were infected this season, he had failed to harvest them. Swapan feared that he would not be able to repay the loans and meet the educational expenses of his children. He, therefore, committed suicide.feared defaulting in repayment as the current crop is hit by a disease. Swapan feared he wouldn't be able to meet his children's schooling expenses.IC, Arambagh, Sukomol Das said while it was true that Swapan had run into a huge debt, his nephew Prasanjit informed them that his uncle's marriage with Sabita was going through a rough patch. The couple would quarrel frequently and had fought on Friday night itself. One such quarrel took place on Friday night itself.SDO Arambagh Arindam Niyogi said the administration was investigating Swapan's death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12043322", "title": "UP: Buta Singh booked for breach of model code", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Former Union minister and Congress leader Buta Singh has been booked for breaching the model code of conduct in Hapur city near here, officials said.A case was registered against Buta for addressing a poll rally in favour of the Congress candidate in the newly-formed Panchsheel Nagar district yesterday without taking prior permission from the authorities, SDM Mahender Singh said.Administration found Buta guilty of violating model code after seeing video footages of the event and a case was registered against him and 50 others under Section 188 of the CrPc.Assembly Election 2012Uttar Pradesh Elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12040136", "title": "Hyacinth breeds swarms of mosquitoes in PCMC areas", "text": "PUNE: People living along the Pavana and Mula rivers in Pimpri Chinchwad are fed up of rapid and uncontrolled growth of mosquitoes.The most obvious reason is unchecked discharge of sewage which causes the growth of water hyacinth (a free-floating perennial aquatic plant), which in turn, leads to growth of mosquitoes.The Pavana river enters the municipal limits at Kiwale and passes through Ravet, Punawale, Tathawade, Thergaon, Chinchwad, Kalewadi, Pimpri, Rahatni, Pimple Saudagar, Kasarwadi, Pimple Gurav, Sangvi and Dapodi villages. Mula river flows along the southern boundary of the city along the border of Wakad, Pimpale Nilakh, Sangvi and Dapodi. This acquatic plant starts growing in the rivers by the end of monsoon and soon blankets the entire river bodies, if not removed periodically.Raju Savale, vice-president of the environment cell of the Pimpri Chinchwad unit of the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena, has sent letters to municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma and medical executive officer R B Chavan drawing their attention to the problem.He said the contract to remove the plant from Pavana river expired in December 2011. Since then, the work has come to a standstill, causing rampant growth of hyacinth in Pavana and Mula rivers.Medical executive officer R B Chavan said, \"The work of removing the hyacinth is the responsibility of civic zonal offices. I have sent letters to them. The zone D had sent a proposal inviting tenders for removing water hyacinth but there are some queries which need to be answered. The bids will be invited after approval of the municipal commissioner.\"Zone B officer Aziz Karche said that two teams of four employees each have been given the job. Ravindra Bhokare, assistant health officer, said that ropes have been tied in the Pavana river bed at Subhash ghat in Pimpri and Devul mala in Chinchwadgaon to ensure the plant does not flow downstream. Weedicides are also sprayed, he added.Mayur Sonavane, a resident of old Sangvi, said, \"Old and new Sangvi areas are surrounded by rivers on three sides. Our monthly expenditure on mosquito repellants more than doubles during summer and we can not keep our doors and windows open at evening or at night.\" Umesh Lombar, a resident of Dapodi, expressed similar thoughts.Shyam Jagtap, a resident of Pimple Nilakh, said, \"Domestic sewage is released directly into the rivers due to which there is rampant growth of water hyacinth. The civic body does not clear the plant when its growth is slow. The mess has not been cleaned from the Mula due to differences between the Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporations.\"Environmentalist Vikas Patil, who is the president of the Paryavaran Sanvardhan Samiti and the chief secretary of the Nadi Vikas Manch, said, \"In addition to mosquito bites, people living along the Pavana river have to bear the foul smell emanating from the untreated sewage discharged into the river.\"Patil said the civic body began the process of inviting bids for removing the hyacinth in February-March. \"The contract is allotted in April-May and the work starts late in May when the pre-monsoon rains come. So not much work is done.\"Patil said the civic body should appoint an NGO to conduct a third-party inspection so that the work is executed properly. It could also form a panel of social activists and environmentalists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12037452", "title": "Vidarbha open their account", "text": "NAGPUR: The loss to Railways in their previous match might hurt Vidarbha despite producing a much-improved performance on Friday. The young legs made all the difference against the fancied Uttar Pradesh side as they comfortably won the match by five wickets to open their account in the Central Zone Vijay Hazare Trophy.Vidarbha bowled well to restrict UP to a manageable 229 despite a Piyush Chawla (69, 43b, 5x4, 4x6) blitzkrieg. They fielded better than their previous outing and then held their nerves to chase down the target comfortably in 44.5 overs. However, it might not give them the knockout berth until they record a bonus point victory against Madhya Pradesh in their last match on Sunday. While a win would be enough for MP to qualify, UP will have to wait for the result of Vidarbha-MP match. If Vidarbha beat MP, UP will qualify for the knock-outs along with Railways. After round three, Rajasthan are the only team looking like out of contention for the knock-outs. They not only have to beat Railways with a bonus point but also have to depend on the outcome of Vidarbha-MP match.For the first time in the tournament, Vidarbha played to their potential and the result was there for everyone to see. They bowled extremely well at the outset picking up early wickets to put UP under pressure. Sandeep Singh and Shrikant Wagh continued their good work with the new ball. Though they were lucky to get Mohd Kaif's (40, 57b, 7x4) wicket in the middle, they kept things under control till the arrival of Chawla. The Indian leggie, who was leading the side in absence of ill RP Singh, carried his good run with the bat. If his knock against Rajasthan gave UP a bonus point, Chawla's effort gave his team something to bowl at. At one stage, UP were struggling to even cross 200-run mark. He hit towering sixes which landed way over the boundary. His useful partnerships with Prashant Gupta and Bhuvanesh Kumar helped UP add 115 runs in the last 15 overs.Akshay Kolhar (73, 82b, 6x4) led the Vidarbha chase with some street smart batting. He was getting the start in the last two matches but failed to kick on. This, however, was a different day. Despite losing in form Amol Ubarhande and Shalabh Shrivastava, Kolhar kept things under control in company of Hemang Badani (40, 53b, 3x4, 1x6). Badani's unnecessary run out hampered Vidarbha's bonus point quest. Quick wickets of Kolhar and Ranjit Paradkar must have given them some nerves and it was left to youngsters Apoorva Wankhede (48, 52b, 4x4) and Urvesh Patel (30, 30b, 1x4, 1x6) to complete the job. The duo put on an unbeaten 83-run sixth wicket stand to see their side home.ScoreboardUttar Pradesh: R Srivastava c Ubarhande b Singh 0, T Srivastava c Shrivastava b Wagh 1, M Kaif lbw b Ruikar 40, A Murtaza b Wagh 46, R Shukla c Kolhar b Paradkar 17, P Gupta c Wankhade b Ruikar 29, P Chawla c Ubarhande b Choudhary 69, B Kumar not out 14, I Ahmed not out 4; Extras: (lb 2, w 7) 9; Total: (7 wkts; 50 overs) 229; Fall of wickets: 1-0, 2-4, 3-67, 4-103, 5-116, 6-170, 7-224.Bowling: S Singh 10-3-23-1 (2w), S Wagh 10-2-44-2 (3w), N Choudhary 8-0-54-1, A Wankhade 2-0-4-0, S Ruikar 5-0-36-2, R Paradkar 8-0-39-1(1w), A Kolhar 2-0-7-0, S Shrivastava 5-0-20-0.Vidarbha: A Kolhar c Prashant b Chawla 73, A Ubarhande b B Kumar 0, S Shrivatava c Khan b Chawla 9, H Badani run out (A Khan) 40, R Paradkar c Kaif b Ahmed 16, A Wankhede not out 48, U Patel not out 30; Extras: (b 2, lb 2, w14) 18; Total: (5 wkts, 44.5 overs) 234. Fall of wickets: 1-4, 2-37, 3-123, 4-141, 5-151; Bowling: B Kumar 10-3-32-1 (2w), S Tyagi 7-0-44-0 (4w), I Ahmed 8-0-43-1, P Chawla 10-0-51-2, A Murtaza 8.5-0-56-0 (4w), P Gupta 1-0-4-0 (1w).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-26"}
