{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974976", "title": "North-East students in Chandigarh join hands for cultural club", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A perfect fit in the emerging multi-cultural identity of the city's educational scene, particularly Panjab University, close to 300 students from North-East are geared up to form a 'cultural club' of their own.With close to 40 students in PU alone and nearly 100 each in Post Graduate Government College and Post Graduate Government College for Girls , Sector 11, a fraction of these students have taken an initiative to get together for common social cause.\"We have been meeting hardly twice of thrice a year, although several North-East students have been an integral part of the colleges and PU. We have planned to host re-unions and stand up for common cause of the city we live in and those states we belong to in the coming session,\" says Manoranjan, a student of BA III at PGGC, Sector 11 and hails from Imphal .For most of them, it's a home away from home now, who have adapted to the city's lifestyle.Rajkumar Meiraba Singh, a PhD scholar from Centre for Police Administration, PU says, \"We are preparing to stage a candlelight march on Saturday to show solidarity regarding political upheaval in North-East. We will also be meeting often and come together for common causes.\"Certain students in this group also plan to prepare popular North-Eastern dishes at their re-unions. \"There are certain special herbs and vegetables that are used in the North-East dishes. These include yendem, chawai, pulei, komprek, etc. We plan to prepare such dishes when the whole clan re-unites,\" says Anita, who also hails from Imphal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972167", "title": "Difficult to emulate Mumbai university model, says controller of examinations", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University officials failed to learn from their Mumbai University counterparts, even after a series of paper leaks which rocked the institution bringing along with it much disgrace. The Mumbai University (MU) was also hit by similar paper leaks, mistakenly though, by opening wrong envelopes.However, they acted quickly for plugging the loopholes and their Board of Examinations (BoE) took a unilateral decision that the question sets would now be dispatched to the centres about half-an-hour before the exam. In fact, their third year paper of Operations Research of Bachelor of Management Studies (BMS) was sent to exam centres 15 minutes before. Earlier, the sets were dispatched a day before.In NU though, the situation is worst. It dispatches the question sets to all 215 centres about a month before, thus increasing probabilities of paper leaks. TOI which first exposed the sensational paper leak of final year BCCA paper on April 22 and followed it up with a series of reports highlighting this unhealthy practice, but no cognisance was taken.In fact, NU administration was not keen on the idea stating that it was difficult to implement. Though NU PRO Prashant Mohite referred the queries to Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, the latter reiterated that the idea was out of context seeing the shortage of employees. \"With just 175 staffers, we are hugely understaffed and took help from other departments' employees for completing exam related works,\" Kane told TOI.He added that it would be difficult for adopting such measures in NU and would require more manpower and money.Even Maharashtra State Board which conducts exams for over 30 lakh students annually for class X and XII, sends question papers to the main centre in a locality and then directs teachers from nearby centres to pick up their sets an hour before the exam.Sources stated that after paper leaks in MU, its vice chancellor Rajan Welukar appointed pro-VC Naresh Chandra after chancellor K Sankaranarayanan summoned him. Welukar also filled up posts of registrar and CoE after a meeting with the chancellor.All these posts were lying vacant for well over one-and-a-half-year. But at NU nothing moved, despite that a complete paper was leaked before the exam whereas in MU only the wrong question papers were accidentally opened.Meanwhile, Kane stated that he had no idea where the police probe into the paper leaks was headed but reiterated that any decision on re-examination would be taken only after police investigations confirm the leak.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973781", "title": "Documentaries on legendary directors to be screened at National Film Archive of India", "text": "PUNE: Documentaries on India's first film director Dadasaheb Phalke and others stalwarts like Satyajit Ray , Bimal Roy, Guru Dutt , Raj Kapoor , V Shantaram and Adoor Gopalkrishnan will be screened at a three-day film festival organized by the National Film Archive of India in association with Aashay Film Club from Thursday to mark the centenary of Indian cinema.Director of the archive Prashant Pathrabe, secretary Maharashtra chapter of Federation of Film Societies of India Satish Jakatdar and secretary of the club Virendra Chitrav said the festival will mark the beginning of a year-long celebration. Films Division and UTV have provided films for the event.Several documentaries and short films have been made on the history of Indian cinema. Besides films have also been made on pioneering Indian film directors who have contributed to the growth of Indian cinema, the statement said.The festival will open at 10.30 am on Thursday with the screening of 'D G Phalke: The 1st Indian Film Director'. It contains rare footage of the first silent feature and other films of Phalke, preserved by the archive. This film was made by NFAI in collaboration with Film and Television Institute of India.The festival will also showcase a national award-winning documentary on Pune-based film company Prabhat, entitled 'It's Prabhat'. Another film narrating the history of Indian cinema by Mrinal Sen called 'Century of Indian cinema' will also be screened.The closing ceremony on Saturday at 6 pm will be in the presence of senior journalist Dileep Padgaonkar who will speak on 'My Memories with Indian Cinema'.The closing film to be screened will be UTV's 'Bollywood: The Greatest Story Ever Told' that was screened at Cannes film festival, earlier.The festival will be held at NFAI theatre while some documentaries will be screened at Kothrud complex of NFAI on Friday from 11 am. The festival is open to all including NFAI film club members and Aashay film club members.May 3, 1913 marks the beginning of the Indian film industry when the first indigenous film Raja Harishchandra made by Dadasaheb Phalke was publicly exhibited at Coronation Cinema Hall in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "south city", "code": "12974161", "title": "Rich with Davis Cup experience", "text": "SOUTH CITY: The tennis sensation of the city, Fatehdeep Singh, has returned from the junior Davis Cup Asia/Oceania zone held in Australia in April. The Indian contingent ranked fifth in their group and lost the opportunity to make it to the world play offs in their group.Having returned on Tuesday evening, Fatehdeep said he is disappointed with the failure in making it to the world play offs. The South City resident, however, said the experience to compete with international players in foreign land would definitely help in improving his game.India played in the group III of the Asia Oceania zone, which was led by Australia at the first position, Japan at second, Korea at third, China at fourth and India at fifth position. \"We lost to Korea in the quarterfinals as they were in good form throughout the tournament,'' said Fatehdeep.The Ludhianvi boy said he did win some of his matches but, the overall performance of the team couldn't get them a respectable position at the end. \"Meeting players from other countries was an advantage as we got to share our knowledge about the game with each other,'' he added.It were the Chinese and Korean players who were a treat to the eyes with their adept footwork, said Fatehdeep, adding, \"I am concentrating on the ITF tournament now, which would be held in Canada in June. I would spend this entire month on rigorous practice and improving my fitness.''Ranked number 1 in All India Tennis Association (AITA) U-16 category, Fatehdeep said he wants to maintain his AITA ranking, while approaching his long term goal of winning a grand slam singles title for India.His coach Vikramjeet Singh said he was quite confident of Indian team's better performance at the Davis Cup, but unfortunately, his hopes didn't turn to be true.Met many playersThe Ludhianvi boy said he did win some of his matches, but the overall performance of the team couldn't get them a respectable position at the end. \"Meeting players from other countries was an advantage as we got to share our knowledge about the game with each other,'' Fatehdeep said.It were the Chinese and Korean players who were a treat to the eyes with their adept footwork, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972753", "title": "Health of Rajasthan's largest hospital critical", "text": "JAIPUR: The health of the state's largest hospital Sawai Man Singh is in a critical condition. Lack of medical staff, shortage of beds and increase in number of patients from outside Rajasthan have contributed to it.Lack of adequate number of doctors is one of the major worries for the hospital which, of late, has come under fire for not being able to provide medical facilities to patients in need.According to hospital records, one doctor attended to nearly 4,868 patients in 2011. The situation is likely to turn worse in 2012 when each doctor may have to look after 5,512 patients in a year.With the hospital unable to fill the vacant positions, the work load on existing staff has increased manifold, often leading to miscommunication or confusion.Of the 136 approved posts for professors at SMS medical college and allied hospitals, 15 are lying vacant. For associate professors, of the 180 posts approved, 38 are yet to be filled. In case of assistant professors, the scenario is particularly dismal as 64 of the 183 posts are vacant.\"The inflow of patients has increased drastically, especially, after the launch of various welfare schemes by the government. However, the existing infrastructure is inadequate to extend satisfactory services to each one of them. There is an immediate need for at least 50 more doctors in the hospital,\" a resident doctor of SMS said.As per the Indian Medical Council standards, the hospital needs to have one attendant for three beds in non- ICU wards and one attendant for each bed in ICUs round the clock. Defying these norms, the hospital has 588 nursing staff attending to 1,950 beds in general wards along with 120 beds in the ICU wards too.\"There is huge shortage of nursing staff. Every attendant is overburdened. Working under such gruelling condition, each one of us is trying to give our best but at times our efforts do fall short of expectations,\" said Surajmal Paliwal, nursing superintendent, SMS hospital.The government says it's aware of the situation at the hospital and is in the process of recruiting more staff and upgrading the infrastructure.\"Nothing comes above a person's life. But, the hospitals and staff are overburdened. Roughly, everyday 4,000 patients walk in to the SMS hospital. We are trying to improve the situation by bringing in new equipment, recruiting 700 more doctors and 200 nurses,\" claimed Mukesh Sharma, principal secretary (health).Contrary to the hospital and government's claims, a research papHowever in a research paper submitted by Madhu Nagla, professor at MD University, Rohtak, presents the appalling government health services in Rajasthan. In her research she concluded \"Forty five percent of the medical staff in the government hospitals remains absent where as 56% times the sub centers in rural areas remains closed and 12% of the nurses are found in the catchment areas\"List of bed strength at various ICUWard Bed StrengthMedical 18New Medical 7Sethia 7Cardiothoracic 6Cardiac (surgery + semi) 32Neurosurgery 22Burn 11Cancer 8Surgery 9Total 120", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973830", "title": "Milk powder producers to get Rs 20 crore state aid", "text": "PUNE: The state government has decided to provide Rs 20-crore financial assistance to manufacturers of milk powder who are hit by the Union government's ban on export of milk powder. The government resolution on the financial assistance was issued last week.R D Shinde, state dairy development commissioner, said: \"The state has decided to provide Rs 2 per litre financial assistance to milk powder producers. It is expected to give some relief to them. The gap between the conversion cost and the market price is Rs 4 per litre, of which Rs 2 is offered by the state government.\"The government has decided to give the subsidy till May 31. But, if the Union government lifts the ban on export before that, then the subsidy will be stopped immediately, Shinde added.Shinde said: \"The ban on export of milk powder was imposed in February 2011. But there were not many takers for milk powder in the domestic market. Moreover, the copious milk production in all parts of the country has compounded the problem.\"Western Maharashtra, known for a number of private and cooperative dairies, has been witnessing surplus production of milk daily, posing a major challenge to dairy operators. In some districts, the dairy operators reduced milk procurement, leaving farmers to dispose of the excess milk.Market sources said that earlier there was good export market for milk powder, prompting dairies to concentrate on production of milk powder. Today, the global picture has changed. There is hardly any demand for milk powder. Hence, even if the ban is lifted it will not benefit milk powder units in the country.There are 24 milk powder producing units in the state, of which 21 will benefit from the government's scheme. Two major producers of milk powder - Gokul and the state government itself - will not avail of the subsidy because of their strong position. The third producer, based in Nagpur, does not need the assistance because there was no surplus in the Vidarbha region. The domestic market is good in Vidarbha, the sources added.Maharashtra produces 212 lakh litre milk daily, of which 113 lakh litre comes from the organized sector. Out of this 113 lakh litre, around some 70 lakh litre is sold as packaged milk and 10 lakh litre is used for making curd, ghee and other by-products. About 23 lakh litre milk is used for making milk powder and white butter. It is estimated that dairies from western Maharashtra will produce about 24 tonne milk powder by May 31 2012.A senior deputy commissioner, on condition of anonymity, said: \"There was pressure from the dairy operators who threatened to reduce milk procurement further. A number of meetings were held with the state government to seek support from the state in this crisis. The subsidy is expected to benefit dairies from western Maharashtra and Ahmednagar district mostly. There is no surplus in Vidarbha and Marathwada regions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972095", "title": "Load shedding may become history in state", "text": "NAGPUR: Even two years ago there were few takers for state government's claim that the state would become load shedding free in 2012. While this objective has not been fully achieved, the improvement in power situation has been significant. About 70% of the state is already power cut free. MSEDCL is confident that the remaining 30% too would get relief soon but it would depend on how fast distribution and collection losses reduce in these areas.Power figures speak for themselves. The peak shortfall in 2007-08 was 5,277MW, in 2012-13 it is in the range of 1,000 to 1,500MW in peak summer, In 2006-07, 2007-08 and 2008-09 the entire state was suffering from power cuts ranging from 3 to 8 hours in urban and semiurban areas to as much as 15 hours in villages. But now the towns and cities having losses below 34% do not face power cuts.The power situation in Maharashtra and Gujarat is the best among major states. MSEDCL managing director Ajoy Mehta pointed out that these two are the only states that do not have industrial load shedding.They are also the only states to give eight hour three-phase power to farmers. On the other hand Tamil Nadu has a 48 hour industrial power cut and its capital Chennai also faces power cuts. Bangalore too faces a serious power crisis.Mehta said that three factors were mainly behind the improvement in the power situation. The first was increase in availability, second feeder separation and third reduction in losses.Availability increased as after years of stagnation Mahagenco's generation started increasing. NTPC's share of power also went up significantly. Even though Dabhol is now not generating at full capacity, till a few months ago it was producing 1,500MW. MSEDCL can also claim credit for increased availability as it tied up for power with private companies like JSW and regularly purchased power from exchanges and traders.Agriculture feeder separation helped reduce the peak demand by between 2,500 and 3,000MW. Before this it was impossible to meet evening demand in summer and morning demand in winter. The feeders were metered and computerized and this ensured that the local staff switched them off at stipulated time.MSEDCL replaced eight to nine lakh old meters every year, which highly reduced losses. Regular drives against power thieves and defaulters were undertaken. In last one year MSEDCL took very strong stand against high loss areas.First the money for infrastructure upgradation was reduced. Recently, many medium loss areas were made load shedding free while power cuts were increased in very high loss areas. This was done to reduce the burden on honest consumers and also to send a signal that power pilferage won't be tolerated.Mehta said that the consumers in high loss areas started paying honestly as they have realized that power pilferage made them face power cuts. He said this would soon make the state power cut free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12975117", "title": "Grain traders seek amendment to act", "text": "MADURAI: After trade and industrial associations here obtained an interim injunction on the implementation of the Food Safety and Standard Act, 2011, the Tamil Nadu Foodgrain Merchants Association Ltd has urged the Centre to amend the act to save the interest of Indian food manufacturers and traders.The Madurai bench of the Madras high court restrained the Union health and family welfare ministry from giving effect to certain provisions in the FSSA after Tamil Nadu Foodgrains Merchants Association Ltd, Madurai Managar Anaithu Vanigar Nala Sangam and the Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry approached the court. The court had issued the interim injunction of implementing certain provisions in the act and adjourned the matter to June. In wake of the judgment, the association urged the Union ministry to take measures to amend the act.Addressing media persons here on Wednesday, association president, S P Jeyapragasam said that the very clause of adulterant mentioned as sub-standard in FSSA was wrong. \"Through FSSA, the government is trying to implement Prevention of Food Adulteration Act, 1954, but the standards of the food grains cultivated in the country have changed to leaps and bounds due to use of pesticides, fertilisers and lack of water. The food grains cultivated today is no match to the ones in 1954 and terming all the adulterants as sub-standard will harm the entire food industry in the country,\" he pointed out. Besides, the act forces the traders to label all the nutrient values while packing but there are no lab facilities to test the food products, he pointed out.The office-bearers also pointed out a serious situation where the court has stayed FSSA and previous act not in place causing a vacuum of enforcement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973327", "title": "Father-in-law held for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person was arrested for the murder of his daughter-in-law in Neb Sarai. Arshad Ali had murdered Sabina after she allegedly refused to have physical relations with him, a police source said.\"We received a tip-off from a source that Ali would come to Jamunwala Park in the Hauz Rani area to meet his sister. We set a trap around the park and apprehended him. During interrogation he confessed to his involvement in the crime.\"The accused had tried teasing her earlier as well but the matter was sorted out after the family intervened,\" said Chaaya Sharma, DCP (south).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973469", "title": "BPO workers call off strike after 3 days", "text": "NASHIK: Employees of non-voice business process outsourcing (BPO) company WNS Global Services called off their strike on Tuesday after the company management agreed to their demands. Around 2,000 employees from the Canada Corner unit of the firm had gone on strike from April 28, demanding hike in their salaries, fixed working hours and overtime for extra work hours.Deputy labour commissioner R S Jadhav, said, \"The employees were on strike for the last three days demanding hike in their salaries. We had called a meeting of both the company management and employees on Tuesday. The company management has agreed to give an increment of Rs 5,000 a month step by step over a period of the next three years. They also agreed to give double overtime to their employees for working additional hours. The company also agreed to provide canteen facilities to its employees. Such agreement was signed by the management.\"The agreement was signed by senior vice-president (corporate) Thomas, operation head (Nashik unit) Milind Ghule and HR head Arvind Kulkarni. The company employees had gone on strike from Tuesday to protest against their low salaries and had sought that the management hike salaries by Rs 5,000 per month, as it was getting difficult for them to manage their livelihood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974308", "title": "Khadi Udyog Commission official gets five-yr jail term", "text": "PATNA: The CBI special court, on Tuesday, sentenced V D Keshav, deputy director of Khadi Udyog Commission, Patna , to five years imprisonment under Section 7 of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. The court also slapped him a fine of Rs 5,000. If he fails to pay, he would have to undergo an additional simple imprisonment of three months.One Parshu Ram Mishra of village Sauli-Sirsa under Tariyani police station of Sitamarhi district had sought a loan of Rs 5 lakh in 2002 for setting up a plant of potato chips and applied to the commission's director for project approval. The director referred his application to the deputy director, who asked the complainant to deposit 10 per cent of the loan amount in the bank and pay him Rs 20,000 as bribe to approve his project and help him get the loan sanctioned.When Mishra expressed his inability to pay the bribe, Keshav asked him to immediately pay him Rs 6000 at his office on July 2, 2002. Mishra lodged a complaint with the CBI and Keshav was caught red-handed while accepting Rs 6,000 as bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad/new delhi", "code": "12972806", "title": "Centre challenges Gujarat high court\u2019s order on prisoners of war", "text": "AHMEDABAD/NEW DELHI: The central government has questioned the Gujarat high court's order to take up the issue of 54 prisoners of the 1971 war with the International Court of Justice (ICJ) to secure their release from various Pakistani jails.Meanwhile, the Supreme Court on Wednesday stayed the HC order directing the central government to move the ICJ. A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale stayed that part of the HC order directing the Centre to move the ICJ after additional solicitor general P P Malhotra and advocate Wasim A Qadri informed the court that it had complied with the other part of the direction to pay all service benefits of the Indian PoWs to their kin.The ministry of defence has stated in an affidavit in HC that it has moved the SC challenging the directions to approach the ICJ to free PoWs. However, the ministry has agreed to comply with the HC directions to pay full salary and retirement benefits to the families of the 54 soldiers. The Centre filed an application in this regard because the division bench had set a deadline for payment till Thursday.In the earlier circumstances, the secretary of defence ministry would have had to appear before the court had the deadline not been met.Last month, the bench of acting chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya and justice J B Pardiwala observed, \"We cannot lose sight of the fact that it is a case concerning the life and liberty of fifty-four ill-fated brave soldiers, whose human rights are at stake for protecting the security of the motherland. We have already found gross inaction for more than forty years on the part of the respondent in protecting their fundamental rights...\"The HC bench has scheduled further proceedings on June 14 so that the Centre can present its case before the SC. However, by then the defence ministry will have to make the payment to the kin of PoWs. Thus, the deadline for making payment now stands extended, said advocate Kishor Paul. The petition was filed in 1999 by late Lt Gen Jagjit Singh Aurora who had sought direction from the court to the central government for the release of the PoWs. The HC in January 2010 had imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 twice on the defence ministry for not filing a reply in the case.According to the Shimla Agreement, India sent back Pakistani PoWs while the neighbouring country also sent 632 soldiers. But in 1999, it was found that 54 PoWs were still languishing in Pakistani jails of whom two are from Gujarat - Kalyan Rathod from Sabarkantha and N Shanker from Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12973981", "title": "Tourist drowns off Candolim", "text": "CANDOLIM: A visit to Calangute on Wednesday turned tragic for a group of eight from Pune, with 23-year-old Sai Kumar drowning off the adjacent Candolim beach.Sources told TOI that around 1pm, three of the group, including Kumar, walked towards Candolim, while six remained at the main entrance of Calangute beach.The entire group had been enjoying their beach outing and had consumed alcohol, said sources.When the three reached the Candolim-Calangute border, two entered the sea, while one remained on the beach to take photographs.Kumar allegedly waded into deeper water despite the warning whistles of the lifeguard on duty.He vanished shortly into the rising water and disappeared from view.The lifeguard, alerting other lifeguards, rushed into the water with a rescue tube, but was unable to spot Kumar.About 10 minutes later Kumar was spotted floating on the water and was immediately brought to shore.Lifeguards tried to revive him as he still had a light pulse. But he was declared brought dead at the Candolim health centre where he was rushed to in the ambulance that had been summoned, said Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo.Sources at the Candolim health centre said Kumar was brought in at about 1.30pm, and though they tried to resuscitate him it was too late. The body was later shifted to the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973684", "title": "Financial city near Chennai could soon become reality", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government unveiled a series of proposals on Wednesday, which include setting up of an integrated financial services centre, food irradiation centre and an aerospace park.A policy note tabled in the assembly said the government would promote a financial services centre near Chennai to attract domestic and overseas financial Institutions. While Chennai has emerged as a base for infotech companies, auto majors and BPOs, it has not attracted many financial institutions over the years. The plan to encourage the financial sector to set up units in Chennai may bring strategic advantages.The plan for such a hub was formulated during the DMK regime by former deputy CM M K Stalin. Land was identified by Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation Limited near Sholinganallur to draw banks, insurance companies, mutual funds and stock brokers.Since then the proposal has been hanging fire. The latest announcement may give it fresh impetus. State industries minister P Thangamani said the state government will not acquire any agricultural land for setting up new industries. However, he said in some cases it would be unavoidable to acquire portions of agricultural tracts if a large area was required for a project.Among other announcements, a policy note from the industries department said Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation and IOCL would jointly implement a five million tonne per year capacity liquefied Natural Gas import terminal project at Ennore at a cost of Rs 4,320 crore. The cost which would include setting up pipeline infrastructure to distribute 18 million cubic meters of natural gas per day from this terminal would be about Rs 10,000 crore.Other joint venture projects listed include a shipyard-cum-port complex in Thiruvallur district at a cost of Rs 3,375 crore, a petroleum refinery project of Nagarjuna Oil Corporation Ltd in Cuddalore at a cost of Rs 9,660 crore and a petroleum, chemicals and petrochemicals investment region in Cuddalore and Nagapattinam at a cost of Rs 13,354 crore. In order to attract FDI, an industrial park has also been proposed in Chennai at a cost of Rs 15,000 crore. During the year 2011-12, Guidance Bureau, which was created with the objective of attracting major new investment proposals, facilitated 22 projects with a total investment of Rs6,138 crore through single window process, the policy note said.State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu Ltd is involved in developing certain special infrastructure schemes including Apparel Park, Footwear Component Park and Industrial corridor apart from developing industrial complexes.The policy note also stated that the mineral revenue of the state has been increased.\"The revenue was Rs 2.83 crore in 1983-84 and Rs 835.16 crore in 2011-12,\"policy note said. It also says, the department of Geoplogy and Mining is in the process of developing a Mining tenement registry for Salem district. The digitization of cadastral maps is the first step in the creation of a geographical information system enabled mining tenement registry and mineral atlas showing mineral resources of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973025", "title": "Gujarat university conducts first online exam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a first, 400 students of second and fourth semester of MSc IT from K S School of Business Management appeared for internal exams online at NRS Hall in the Gujarat University. This is GU's first internal exam conducted online.On Wednesday, all the students were given individual passwords to access their question papers. Eight sets of papers were made available online to prevent copying.A network of computers was recently established to facilitate online examination including entrance exams conducted for different professional courses at NRS Hall.The best part was that at the end of the exam, computers gave the marks scored by the student since it was multiple choice question paper!Varsity authority said that efforts were on to ensure that more faculties could conduct their internal exams online from next year. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12971907", "title": "Nagpur man\u2019s film on Delhi Metro wins award", "text": "NAGPUR: Such is the success of Delhi metro that even a film on it has won a rajat kamal in the best promotional film category of the 59th National Film Awards. The film titled 'The Dream Fulfilled- Memories of the Engineering Challenges, has been directed by Satish Pande, a veteran cameraperson hailing from Nagpur. The award carries prize money of Rs 50,000 and will be presented on Thursday by the vice-president of India.It is a 30-minute documentary in English highlighting the technical difficulties and challenges faced by the engineers during construction of Delhi metro. \"We can cover long distances in just 7 to 8 minutes on it. None of us pay heed to fact that some dedicated people have given their sweat and blood to make it possible,\" says Pande.Delhi Metro, which is a symbol of civil engineering pride today, had its own travails and difficulties during its construction. It was a Herculean task for the engineering team to complete 125 km network in the phase II of the project in just four and half years. The film showcases various challenges the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation team faced, like construction of a bridge with 100 metre span at Okhla over railway tracks, the signature bridge over Ring Road, the viaduct over Dhaula Kuan, the Zamrudpur mishap and its eventual timely completion, and the construction of a steel made station at Chhatarpur.Pande has been associated with Delhi Metro rail since it was conceptualized. \"I have seen the rail being built bit by bit. It has been a 15-year association. I was commissioned to make this film by the Ministry of Urban Development in 1998. Then I met E. Sreedharan, father of this project who gave me the audio visual of the project to help me understand it.\" Pande filmed the various aspects of construction and says that every segment of the track has a story to tell.Happy with the award, he says it is the natural outcome of all the hard work that went into making of this film. \"Though I belong to Nagpur, I have been living in Delhi for over three decades and love this city. This film is so dear to me as it tells success story of a mega project that has made life easier for the people of Delhi and its neighbouring townships,\" he says.Pande's forte lies in making of films on development projects like conservation, alternative energy , child and women health projects. To showcase the technical challenges of this project, he says he used 3D animation. \"The film is made for engineering students, engineers involved in different cities where mass rapid transit system work is going on and other mega structural engineering projects,\" he explains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972871", "title": "Maharashtra opposes move to recast legislative council", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has opposed a move by the Centre regarding changes in the make-up of the state legislative council. It has also opposed a plan to disband zilla parishads (ZPs) or district-level local bodies.To empower local self-governments (LSGs), the Union ministry of panchayati raj proposed seven sweeping amendments to two sections of the Constitution.Changes in the make-up of the legislative council, scrapping of ZPs, and making it mandatory for the state government to delegate executive power to LSGs are some amendments proposed.The Centre had sought the state government's views on the proposed amendments; a sub-committee of ministers was appointed in November last year, with no consensus emerging in the state cabinet. The sub-committee, which submitted its report to the cabinet on Wednesday, endorsed four of the seven amendments.The Union ministry proposed a decrease in the number of elected representatives nominated to the council by the legislative assembly and doing away with nominees elected to the council from the teachers' and graduate constituencies, to increase representation of members elected to the council from local self-governments. It also proposed reservation of 30% of the increased quota of LSGs for gram panchayat representatives. But the sub-committee opposed the provision and suggested elections for council nominees from LSGs be undertaken by a show of hands. The cabinet accepted the committee's recommendation.Nationalist Congress Party chief Sharad Pawar had earlier endorsed the scrapping of nominations to the council from the teachers' and graduate constituencies. Arguing that the three-tier system of panchayati raj institutions was ineffective, the Centre planned to disband ZPs, but the committee opposed it.While supporting amendments for delegating executive powers to PRIs, prabhag sabhas (ward-level committees) and changes in the make-up of district-level planning committees, the committee opposed another proposed amendment for changes to the system used for reservation of wards and posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972731", "title": "Charges against Essar Group, Loop Telecom promoters in 2G case to be heard today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court will start hearing from Thursday the arguments on charges against Anshuman and Ravi Ruia of Essar Group and I P Khaitan and Kiran Khaitan of Loop Telecom in connection with their `involvement' in a 2G spectrum allocation case.Special CBI judge O P Saini put the recording of prosecution evidence in the case on hold till May 14, and directed the CBI to start arguments on charges and arguments on bail against Ruias and Khaitans from Thursday.R K Chandolia, facing trial in the 2G case, on Wednesday told the court that a senior official of Tata Teleservices Ltd (TTSL) used to be in touch with corporate lobbyist Niira Radia's public relation firm that was \"liaisoning\" for the Tatas in the department of telecom (DoT).Chandolia, a former private secretary of erstwhile telecom minister A Raja, also alleged that prosecution witness Anand Dalal, senior vice- president, corporate regulatory affairs of TTSL, used to discuss \"liaison issue\" of DoT with Rohit Dubey, then CEO of Vaishnavi Communications, a Radia company.Dalal, however, denied the allegations, saying he used to speak to Dubey only about media related issues.\"I used to speak to Rohit Dubey only about media related issues and not about the problems in DoT. I do not know if Vaishnavi Communications was looking after liaison work of TTSL in the DoT. It is wrong to suggest that I used to discuss DoT liaison issues with Rohit Dubey,\" Dalal told Special CBI Judge Saini.Testifying as a prosecution witness, Dalal said he did not know if TTSL had started the process of preparation of demand draft for deposit of entry fee for three service areas in the first week of January, 2008, itself.He, however, said the demand drafts of Rs 9 crore for deposit of entry fee for the three circles were prepared based on media reports on January 9, 2008, a day before DoT issued letter of intents (LoIs) to telecom firms for 2G spectrum.Dalal said he was not aware if on June 20, 2006, Tata Group had transferred its entire equity in Idea Cellular Ltd to A V Birla Group. Chandolia, arrested on February 2, 2011, is on bail. He has been charged under various sections of IPC and Prevention of Corruption Act in the case.During his cross-examination, Dalal was shown a July 6, 2006, letter written by DoT to TTSL intimating the company that since its CEO was not an Indian, clause 5.1 of Unified Access Service Licence (UASL) guidelines was violated.He said that when TTSL had applied for UASL on June 21, 2006, Darryl Green, a US citizen, was its CEO.Dalal said that a TTSL official had replied to it on July 24, 2006. He said that as per the application filed by TTSL for UASL in Jammu and Kashmir circle, Sterling Infotech Ltd was holding 8.81% shares in TTSL. He said that Singapore government held more than 10% equity both in TTSL and Bharti Airtel.He told the court that he did not know if on December 31, 2007, Rs 97.05 crore was due to the DoT from TTSL. Dalal said he did not know if Tata Group chairman Ratan Tata had written a letter to DMK chief M Karunanidhi praising the \"forward looking policies\" of Raja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973446", "title": "'Overdose\u2019 of anaesthetic kills 3-year-old in Indore", "text": "INDORE: An alleged overdose of anaesthesia reportedly claimed the life of a three-and-half year boy, who was admitted to a private hospital in the city for a surgery to correct a squint eye problem on Wednesday, said police.The deceased has been identified as Yuvan, son of Jitendra Singh Pawar, a resident of Revenue Nagar, was admitted to Treasure Health hospital situated at the Central Mall, here. Talking to media persons, Jitendra said his son was quite healthy and he was not suffering from any ailments.He further said his son was suffering from 'squint eye' and he was advised to admit the boy for a surgery to correct the misalignment. Director (facility) Dr Sanjay Rathore said the boy might have developed some reaction to the drug and died. Chhotigwaltoli police is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973624", "title": "Class 12 results to be out on May 22, evaluation still on", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government will announce the higher secondary board exam results on May 22. Around 7.06 lakh students, including more than 50,000 in Chennai, took the board exams in March this year.This year the results are delayed by nearly two weeks because the evaluation process began late. Last year, the evaluations started immediately after the first exam, and the results were out on May 9. This time, officials said, the evaluation process began towards the end of the exams.The Class 12 board exams began on March 8 and ended on March 30. Higher secondary school teachers said the evaluation work for technical subjects where the number of papers to be evaluated is low, like psychology, is yet to be taken up. Evaluation of the main subjects ended a couple of days ago.The delay in publishing the results will not only impact the medical and engineering counselling dates, but also admissions to arts and science colleges. \"Those trying for admissions in colleges in other states also will face hardship while deciding where to get enrolled, because it takes about two more weeks for Class 12 students to get their marksheets,\" said a city school correspondent.This time schools expect the wait for marksheets to be longer because of the new security features incorporated in the marksheet. The state government announced that the board exam marksheets would carry a quick response code and a photograph of the candidate to check forgery.The Class 10 results are also expected to be delayed to the first week of June, as they are usually announced 10 days a0fter the higher secondary exam results. This time the Class 10 board exams, which usually begin in the fourth week of March, were postponed to the first week of April. The exams were postsponed to give schools time to complete portions and hold revision exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973029", "title": "Man gets 5 years of rigorous imprisonment for abetting wife's suicide", "text": "MUMBAI: A Sewree fast-track court convicted Hiten Ganjawala (31) and his parents for abetting the suicide of his wife after harassing her for dowry and accusing her of theft. Judge W K Kanbarkar on Monday sentenced Hiten and his mother to five years' rigorous imprisonment and his father to three years.In 2010, Leena Ganjawala (27) jumped off her fourth-floor Tardeo flat even as her mother Surekha Bhanushali watched aghast. Married in 2007, Hiten and Leena had a baby girl, whose family owns a beauty parlour in Tardeo. Leena's parents live in Vasai. She left her job , which her mother says she did not mind and initial happiness of marriage gave and the couple had a baby girl. Soon, Leena was harassed for dowry even after giving 30 tolas gold. Later, Hiten accused her of stealing Rs 20 lakh. from their house.On July 9, 2010, Bhanushali went to Leena's house to ask the in-laws to not make such allegations. The in-laws, however, said they did not care if she died or lived and asked Leena to go and die. Leena and her US-based sister-in-law Dharti went into the kitchen and moments later, the victim jumped from an open window. and later died at a hospital.The vicitm's advocates sought leniency for Vikram to take care of Leena's minor child who stays with the Ganjawalas. Vikram was granted bail. Ganjawalas plan to appeal against the conviction.A sad but relieved Surekha told TOI on Wednesday, \"I am grateful to the judiciary. They have given justice and I hope this send a message to other parents not to ill-treat their daughter-in-law.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12975046", "title": "67 exotic birds seized in Fatehpura", "text": "VADODARA: About 67 exotic birds and nine schedule IV birds were seized by the forest department during a raid in Fatehpura on Tuesday night. The birds were kept in captivity by Suresh Salunke, who was in the business of selling them.The raid was carried out after an animal activist Neha Patel tipped the forest department about it. Forest officials said an offence will be registered against Salunke under Animal Cruelty Act.According to the forest officials, of the seized birds, 50 are budgerigars, 13 zebra finches, four cockatiel and nine parakeets. \"The parakeets belong to schedule IV of Wildlife Protection Act and come under our purview,\" assistant conservator of forest, G A Brahmbhatt, said.Salunke used to sell the birds from his home near Fatehpura post office. \"The seizure is a proof enough that such illegal trade of birds is flourishing in the city. Such traders not only keep the birds caged, but also cut their feathers. It is very cruel on their part and they should be dished out harsh punishment,\" Patel told TOI.According to Patel, people should stop buying such birds for their personal entertainment. \"Till the time there are buyers, such illegal trade will continue,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12974291", "title": "Police suspect Naxalites hiding in Kerala forests", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Director General of Police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose said police suspected the presence of terrorists in Kerala's forest areas.He was speaking to reporters here on Wednesday after interacting with student police cadets, who are attending a summer camp at Lajanathul Muhammediya Higher Secondary School here.\"We have received information that Naxalites from Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Odisha are camping in our forest areas. But we do not have any evidence to prove it. We suspect they are using Kerala forests as a safe hideout, and will not indulge in any kind of activities here,\" the DGP said.\"The Police Department in association with the Forest Department has already started an investigation into this. I cannot reveal more details at this juncture,\" he said.The DGP, who arrived in the district on Tuesday, took class for as many as 200 student police cadets in the district on Wednesday.He spoke about the importance of student police cadets in preventing road accidents and the role of law and police in the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973968", "title": "'Groundwater affected in mining areas'", "text": "PANAJI: Groundwater in mining areas in Goa has been affected due to incessant mining, said Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik during a zero-hour discussion in Parliament on the report of the union ministry of water resources that groundwater in pockets of 158 out of the 639 districts in the country have gone saline. Naik also stated that wells near most industrial estates in the state including those at Pilerne, Corlim, Tuem, Kundaim, and Cuncolim were polluted due to contamination of groundwater.The report states that in pockets across 267 districts in the country, groundwater contains excess fluoride; in 385 districts, it has nitrates beyond permissible levels; in 53 districts there is arsenic in the water and there is high level of iron in 270 districts.Besides this, Naik said aquifers in 63 districts contain heavy metals like lead, chromium and cadmium, the presence of which in any concentration poses a danger. He also listed the illnesses caused by each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973345", "title": "Chief minister should expedite shuffle in bureaucracy, feel Maharashtra bureaucrats", "text": "MUMBAI: In the wake of Sitaram Kunte's appointment as the new municipal commissioner of Mumbai, high-ranking bureaucrats are hoping that indecisiveness-which has been plaguing the state administration-will come to an end.\"We hope that in the days to come, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will swing into action and undertake the much delayed shuffle in the bureaucracy,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI.On his part, Chavan has promised that he will make changes in the bureaucracy soon and fill up the vacant posts. \"I am on the job,\" he said.According to convention, all-India services officers have a tenure of 2-3 years; under provisions of the law on transfers, the tenure of officers is three years. \"For IAS, IPS and IFS officers, we consider a tenure of two years. For non-all-India service officials, we shift them after three years in a post,\" the bureaucrat said.According to a list of the general administration department, additional chief secretary T C Benjamin leads the list of babus due for transfer long ago. On May 1, he completed five years in the urban development department (UDD). He joined the UDD as secretary before being promoted as principal secretary and then additional chief secretary.Next is sales tax commissioner Sanjay Bhatia, who has been holding the post for five years. Others on this list include chief electoral officer Debashish Chakrabarty, urban development secretary Manukar Srivastava, Konkan divisional commissioner S S Sandhu, CM's principal secretary Ajit Kumar Jain, home secretary Medha Gadgil, Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co Ltd managing director Ajoy G Mehta, Mahagenco managing director Subrat Ratho, CM's secretary Nitin Kareer, Maharasthra Energy Development Agency CEO Anand Limaye, MMRDA additional commissioner S V E Srinivas, environment secretary Valsa Nair Singh, Film City managing director Shyam Tagde, Slum Redevelopment Authority CEO S S Zende and MMRDA joint commissioner Ashwini Bhide.Most of these bureaucrats have completed 2-4 four years on the same assignment. \"We are keen on a change... we have brought it to the notice of the chief secretary and are awaiting transfer orders,\" a bureaucrat, who has completed three years on a particular assignment, told TOI.If a former chief secretary is to be believed, then of the 300-odd IAS officers in the state, more than 60 have completed their tenure of 2-3 years. \"IAS officers are not keen on continuing in the same post beyond two years. If the government does not shift them, it becomes the responsibility of the CM,'' he said.The former CS said more worrying was the fact that Chavan had not yet filled up the post of Cidco vice-chairman and managing director, which had been lying vacant for over a year.On the CM's claim that there was an acute shortage of IAS officers, the former CS said Chavan could use the services of officials from the state revenue cadre till the Centre sanctioned more IAS officers for the state.\"Maharashtra has a total strength of 350 IAS officers. The existing strength is 295, resulting in a vacancy of 55. Chavan can use the services of additional collectors, who are due for induction into the IAS. Under the UPSC norms, revenue officers in the zone of consideration for induction into the IAS can be appointed to such vacant posts,\" he said.An ex-chief secreatry said the CM could utilize the services of officials from the state revenue cadre till the Centre sanctioned more IAS officers for the state", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972858", "title": "Ex-principal of J B Petit passes away", "text": "MUMBAI: Shirin Darasha, former principal of the J B Petit High School for Girls, passed away on Wed-nesday. She was 73.Darasha, who headed the school for over 35 years, was much loved by both the student and teacher fraternity. Intimidating and generous at the same time, she would exhort students to \"think critically and independently\". While her booming voice often made students quake, she was a revered teacher, whose social studies classes in particular left a lasting impression. Students also remember with great affection her eccentricities-like using the school public announcement system to source things like a black marker.Darasha, who embraced Buddhism, would sign off every school assembly with an Irish blessing: 'May the road rise up to meet you/ May the wind always be at your back/May the sun shine warm upon your face, the rain fall soft upon your fields/ And until we meet again, may God hold you in the palm of his hand'.Darasha introduced innovative methods of teaching. A fierce advocate of women's empowerment, she devoted her life to the cause. She was also a playwright of repute, whose plays were performed on the Mumbai stage.Azeema Pardiwala, an ex-student of J B Petit and now HR consultant, says: \"For me, Ms Darasha meant JB. She taught us how to be individuals in our own right, without conforming to set ways. Thinking independently and critically is something I've learnt from her. She would always say, 'Be mindful, not mindless'.She will be missed dearly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973342", "title": "Suggest innovative ideas to teach kids", "text": "BANGALORE: Opening its doors to innovation, Rastriya Madhyamika Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) has called for out-of-the-box proposals that can be implemented in classrooms.The innovation guidelines published have asked government, semi-government and NGOs working in the field of education to suggest unique ideas. The state government is responsible for collecting and sending them to the Project Approval Board (PAB). The ideas should be tested before implementation.Speaking at a seminar on 'Inclusive education and bridging the widening societal disparities', Toby Linden, lead education specialist, World Bank , New Delhi, said: \"At present, innovation is possible only within norms defining each expenditure category. There should also be the option for states to be creative without the constraint of norms and for non-state agencies to be involved in designing new ideas\".\"How will schools that need approvals from management committees even purchase desk and chairs or identify diversified needs of children and impart education? Most of the money that goes to schools reach late and is sometimes used in the next financial year. There is a rush to spend the funds then. Governance at district levels and below needs to be improved,\" said Ambrish Dongre, senior researcher, PAISA (Planning, Allocations and Expenditures, Institutions: Studies in Accountability).Speaking on education in tribal areas, H Sudarshan, honorary secretary of Vivekananda Girijana Kalyana Kendra, said: \"Don't force mainstream education on these distinct groups. It's their right to get education in their own dialect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973230", "title": "Opposition delays marriage act amendment", "text": "NEW DELHI: The legislation to make divorce easier and faster got delayed in the Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, thanks to the BJP-led opposition who objected to the provisions in the Bill, including the cooling-off period. The government sought more time to look into the opposition's demand for review of some of the provisions of the Marriage Laws (Amendment) Bill, 2010.After initially seeking to refer the Bill to a select committee, minister for law and justice Salman Khurshid sought more time to respond to the suggestions raised by members during discussion.The Bill seeks to amend the Hindu Marriage Act, 1955, and the Special Marriage Act, 1954. Opposition parties, including BJP , CPM, CPI, SP, BSP and BJD along with a Congress MP, opposed the Bill and sought not to \"reduce cooling-off period\" for couples to end their marriage through divorce. The MPs felt that the legislation was being brought in haste and itsspirit went against the interests of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12974535", "title": "Dugri development in civic body hands", "text": "DUGRI: Failing in providing facilities to residents of Dugri, Phase II and III, Greater Ludhiana Area Development Authority (GLADA) has asked MC to take over the responsibilities of the development works. Where GLADA is claiming complete maintenance of the areas, residents rue that they are not even being provided basic amenities.According to sources, the GLADA had handed over the maintenance of Dugri, Phase I and II, in 2001, and a pocket of Phase II along 200 feet wide road and Phase III were left because these areas were not developed fully. GLADA authorities are claiming to have completely developed the areas so these can be handed over to MC but residents of these areas are troubled with pathetic condition of parks, roads and sewerage and water supply in their localities. TOI had also highlighted the neglected green belts and pathetic condition of area through a news report.\"It would definitely be a great relief for all the residents because GLADA authorities are completely ignoring the development works and if now MC would start development then at least we'll be able to create pressure on the area councillor to get development done, said a businessman and area resident Jatin Mittal.Another businessman and area resident Ramesh Aggarwal said, \"We are finally hoping to get some relief from pathetic condition of green belts and roads and area could be developed well.''Additional chief administrator GLADA Jaswant Singh said, \"The MC authorities are already maintaining Phase I and some parts of Phase II as well and now we want to hand over rest of Phase II and complete Phase III to MC so that development works could be done.''However, additional commissioner and head of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said, \"We have received request from GLADA for taking care of development works in the remaining parts of Dugri Urban Estates and for that we have started conducting a checking in the areas following which we would decide the same.'' he added, \"It would be beneficial for them also because they could recover water, sewerage and house tax dues from the residents and their revenue would also increase.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973180", "title": "Home minister's peace talks offer to Maoists with a rider", "text": "NEW DELHI: Home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday renewed the offer for peace talks with Maoists if they abjure violence during the period of the talks.\"I make the offer once again. Government is willing to talk to the CPI Maoists provided they abjure violence during the period of the talks,\" Chidambaram said in the Lok Sabha.He was replying to the discussion on the demands for grants of the ministry of home affairs.Chidambaram said the government had set more tough conditions for talks with north-east rebels that included surrender of arms and return of the cadre to the barracks.The minister also strongly disapproved the \"many\" civil society organizations who had \"completely misunderstood their (Maoists) goals and objectives.\"\"Some members call them misguided. They are not misguided. They are guided by their own objectives. We are misleading ourselves by misreading their objectives,\" Chidambaram said.BJD member Pinaki Misra had charged the government with being confused in its response to the threat posed by Maoists.Participating in the discussion, Misra had said while Prime Minister Manmohan Singh termed Left Wing Extremism as the gravest threat to internal security, some members of the National Advisory Council (NAC) had called Maoists \"misguided youth who have to be dealt with a soft hand.\"Chidambaram said the Maoists were clear about their objectives to overthrow Parliamentary democracy through an armed rebellion and seize power through the barrel of the gun.\"They (Maoists) are not unclear as we are unclear about them... They know their goals and they know their objectives. We are the ones who are misunderstanding their goals and objectives,\" he said.On the sensitive issue of Telangana, Chidambaram defended the government saying the situation had changed \"dramatically\" after UPA announced it would form the state and insisted the Centre was waiting for a consensus to emerge among all the stakeholder parties.Referring to the demand from members that the home minister announce when the government is going to form Telangana, Chidambaram said, \"No home minister can make such statements.... Circumstances are well-known. Virtually every party is split on this issue.\"He said two days before his much-talked about December 9, 2009, statement in Parliament, an all-party meeting had been held on Telangana. The Business Advisory Committee of Lok Sabha had also discussed the issue on the same day.\"I made the statement on December 9, 2009 (on Telangana formation) in Parliament. But the situation changed dramatically within 24 hours,\" Chidambaram said, adding that the parties which had a stake in the matter, including his own Congress party, changed their stand.He further maintained that in the wake of these dramatic developments, he made a \"revised statement\" on December 23, 2009.Chidambaram said the Sri Krishna Committee report recommendations will be considered in deciding the road map. He insisted that only when the eight parties, which have a major stake in formation of Telangana, take a view some progress can be made.TDP member Namo Nageshwar Rao and AIMIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi disrupted Chidambaram's speech a couple of times and insisted that the government look into their demands.Rao asked Chidambaram to clarify the government stand on Telangana and by when it will form a view. Chidambaram tried to pacify these members and assured them that the Congress will take a view shortly.Taking dig at BJP members who also tried to intervene, Chidambaram said their party hardly had a stake in Telangana but the eight parties which are major stakeholders and it is important that they reach a consensus.\"I can't blame them if they take more time. Their stake is greater,\" he said.Chidambaram also pointed out that senior BJP leader L K Advani had written a letter on April 1, 2004 stating that Telangana should not be formed. \"But you have a right to change your view,\" he told BJP members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12975163", "title": "Unique identification card centres hit technical snag on 1st day", "text": "SURAT: Unique identification cards project started on a shaky note in the city as technical problems stopped work at two of the four centres.Even district collector could not get his details registered initially.In the first phase, employees of government and semi-government organizations are to be given the cards.The process for the cards began at the collector's building in Nanpura, District Panchayat Bhavan, Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) office and old civil supplies office at Earache on Tuesday morning. However, technical snag stopped all work at collector's building and the civil supplies office.District collector AJ Shah, who was one of the first to register, was disappointed initially as his details could not be entered into the computer. It was only in the evening that the fault was set right.\"There were some technical problems and my details could not get registered initially but the system started running by evening,\" he said.Details of 50 officials were registered on the first day and they will be the first ones to receive the Aadhaar card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973110", "title": "Distribution losses, dues to determine power cuts", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has decided to impose power cuts only in areas with greater distribution losses and higher pending dues.The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited ( MahaVitaran) on Wednesday informed the cabinet that there was no power crisis in the state and life would be made much easier for consumers in the premium zones-which record high collection and low distribution losses. A revised load-shedding protocol has been put in place from May 2. \"Several categories have already been exempted from load-shedding. The new changes means load-shedding is not on the basis of shortage of power but on pending dues and losses,\" said a minister.In another cabinet decision, the state revised rates for acquisition of land needed for coal mines. The government has agreed to grant Rs 6 lakh per acre for barren land, Rs 8 lakh for unirrigated land and Rs 15 lakh for irrigation land. With the state planning for zero power cuts by 2012, it has plans to acquire about 18,133 hectare land for coal mines in the next five years. tnn The company puts areas with commercial and distribution losses in various categories, including the A,B, C and F. The first three are already exempted, the F category has areas with 50% losses, these have been getting load-shedding between 7 and 13 hours.\"The new protocol will mean our losses are fine-tuned to be equal both at the feeder as well as the divisional level,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972845", "title": "7 officers on special duty appointed for new state universities", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Wednesday appointed seven officers on special duty (OSD) for seven new state universities proposed during the budget 2012-13. Chief minister Ashok Gehlot held a meeting with these officials and directed them to expedite the process of setting up these universities.The proposed universities include Sardar Patel Police and Security University in Jodhpur, Journalism and Mass Media University in Jaipur, Brij University in Bharatpur, Matysa University in Alwar, Shekawari University in Sikar, Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar Law University in Jaipur and Rajiv Gandhi Tribal University in Udaipur.The government had already identified land for the Journalism and Mass Media University in the Knowledge Centre (South) at Diggi Road. Besides, land has been identified for Police University in Jodhpur, Shekawati University in Sikar and Matysa University in Alwar.The makeshift campus for Dr Bhimrao Ambedkar University has been identified as Ambedkar Peath at Mundla. Sources said that hunt is on to look for a temporary space in Jaipur for Journalism University. The government has also formed committees to look into legal issues, course content committee and building design of the university. The land proposal for Alwar and Sikar has been sent to law department.The officers have been asked to work towards acquiring land, prepare budgeting, designing infrastructure and arranging for manpower. \"These officers were asked to look for alternate/makeshift campuses for other universities,\" said a government release.Sources said that government is keen to begin the academic session of at least one university from this session. The officers' biggest task is to get quality faculty members besides preparing world class content to pull students.Considering the pathetic situation of other state universities which are running with very few faculty members, it will be difficult for these universities to draw number of students. \"Besides, these universities will face direct competition from 33 private universities in the state,\" said a source.The meeting was attended by chief secretary CK Mathew, additional chief secretary Malvika Pawar, secretary law and justice Prakash Gupta, commissioner public relations SS Bissa and director college education Subir Kumar.Sources said that the government is keen to make these universities fully operational before the state assembly elections in 2013, especially the journalism university in Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974196", "title": "Health camp to be held for ex-servicemen", "text": "PATNA: Indian Army vice-chief Lt Gen S K Singh will inaugurate a medical camp for ex-servicemen of Bihar on Saturday at Ara. His wife, Kusum Singh, who is vice-president of Army Wives Welfare Association, will also grace the occasion.Bihar Ex-servicemen League president Col (retd) V K Singh said hundreds of ex-servicemen from Buxar, Rohtas and Patna districts are likely to attend the camp which would focus on detection of diabetes among them and their family members free of cost, he said.Lt Gen Singh would also honour about 30 widows and senior veterans, including Brig (retd) Bhuvaneshwar Singh, at this camp. Besides, he would also lay the foundation stone for the construction of the first multi- storey Zila Sainik Kalyan Karyalaya in the state at Ara.The state government has decided to build such buildings in six districts of the state -- Ara, Gaya, Bhagalpur, Chhapra, Motihari and Munger -- for the welfare of ex-servicemen, he said. He praised CM Nitish Kumar for deciding to appoint 284 more ex-servicemen as assistant jailors in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973184", "title": "Man jumps off Vakola flyover, lands on car", "text": "MUMBAI: A suicide attempt gone wrong saved the life of a 21-year-old \"jilted lover\". Ghanshyam Nagar jumped off the Vakola flyover on the Western Express Highway early on Tuesday morning but landed on a car below. The police arrested Nagar for his attempt and produced him before court; he has been remanded to 14 days' judicial custody.Nagar told the police that he used to work at a hotel in Indore, Madhya Pradesh, and was in love with a Mumbai girl. \"He says he had come to Mumbai to commit suicide. He does not talk much and has told us nothing more than that,\" said an investigating officer.At about 2.30 am on Tuesday morning, Nagar first threw his bag full of clothes from the flyover on the stretch going towards Bandra. Seeing the bag fall, the driver of a passing red Toyota Altis , which belongs to a city hotel, stopped his vehicle and got off to see who had thrown it. To his horror, he saw the man jump off the flyover and land on top of his car. Its roof got dented on impact.Despite the early hours, a crowd quickly gathered at the spot. A mobile unit of the Vakola police, which too was passing by at that moment, saw the crowd and went to investigate. Those gathered had by then brought Nagar down from atop the taxi. The beat constables took him to V N Desai Hospital in the vicinity, where he was treated for an injury to his jaw; he has not sustained any serious injuries. According to medical reports, Nagar was not drunk at the time of the incident.The police said that if the driver had not stopped his vehicle, the man would have certainly fallen to his death. \"Thankfully, the car did not have a carriage on its roof, or else the youth would have been severely injured,\" a police officer said.Nagar's family has been contacted in Indore and they will reach the city in two days. \"We are trying to get him to divulge more about himself and why he tried to commit suicide,\" said senior police inspector Rajendra Pardesi of Vakola police station. Nagar, though, continues to remain mum about his relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972929", "title": "Maharashtra creates new information chief post for a year", "text": "MUMBAI: Hundreds of pending right to information appeals with the city information commissioner's office may get cleared soon.The state on Wednesday told RTI activists it had created an extra post of information commissioner for a year to clear pending info appeals. The post , as per the government resolution (GR) issued on April 27, has been created following info chief Ramanand Tiwari's suspension in the Adarsh cooperative housing society case from January 2011.Legally, no one can be appointed in Tiwari's place and hence the additional post has been created. The new post , which will eventually be filled up by appointing a competent officer soon, will continue to exist only till February 2013, which, interestingly, is also when Tiwari's term will come to an end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12974082", "title": "Mamata ups debt-relief decibel before Delhi visit", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre is also partly responsible for Bengal's financial mess and cannot shirk its responsibility, chief minister Mamata Banerjee said on Wednesday before leaving for Delhi, keeping up the pressure on the Centre for a three-year moratorium on debt repayment.The main purpose of her trip is to secure financial concessions for the state - an issue she is expected to take up with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. She could use her support for a Congress presidential candidate as a bargaining chip to get a favourable deal for the state, sources said.\"We are trying for the past one year. This (moratorium) is not something special that (only) we are demanding; between 2000and 2006, concessions were given to Punjab. It is something that we deserve,\" she said. The Planning Commission has admitted that Bengal is among the top debt-stressed states,\" she added.Mamata said the people of Bengal were quiet and shy and would never beg - \"buk phate tobu mukh phote na\" (they withstand pain but don't utter a word) - \"but it does not mean they don't have normal requirements\". She, however, played her cards close to her chest on the presidential poll. She indicated she would discuss the issue in Delhi.\"I did not speak to anyone. I am going to Delhi. When I am in Delhi I meet so many people from different political parties, because I was an MP for 25 years,\" she said when asked if she would discuss the presidential poll issue in Delhi.She is expected to meet Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Thursday and the two are likely to discuss the presidential poll, Congress sources said. Mamata confirmed that she would meet Sonia but did not elaborate further. \"I have not met her for a long time and I will inquire after her well-being since she was not keeping well. I have got a personal relationship with her,\" she said.The presidential polls are scheduled for July and Mamata is aware that the Congress doesn't have sufficient numbers in Parliament and assemblies to get its candidate elected. So Congress has to keep the Trinamool in good humour if it wants to see its candidate through.Officially, Mamata's visit is to attend the meeting of chief ministers of the National Counter Terrorism Centre (NCTC) on May 5 - a meeting that she had demanded should be called to discuss the issue separately. But she will meet the Prime Minister a day before that.For quite sometime now, Mamata has taken a blow-hot-blow-cold stance that in pressing the Centre for a moratorium on the debts that she has inherited from the Left Front government. She had recently given the Centre a 15-day ultimatum, but softened her stand thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12976774", "title": "Army chief reviews exercise 'Shoor Veer'", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the ongoing massive combat exercise 'Shoor Veer' reaching its final phase in the Thar Desert, Army chief General V K Singh on Thursday reviewed the 1.13-million Army's operational readiness to undertake swift multiple thrusts across the border.Lt-General Ashok Singh, general officer commanding of the 1 Strike Corps briefed the Army chief on the participation and training activities carried out since March 1 in the conduct of Exercise Shoor Veer.Gen Singh witnessed the mechanized predominant battle manoeuvres in which T-90S main-battle tanks, infantry combat vehicles, long-range artillery guns, air defence weapon systems, electronic warfare systems and surveillance equipment carried out battle drills in synergy with IAF fighters like Sukhoi-30MKIs, Jaguars and MIGs along with attack helicopters Mi-25s, Mi-17s and spy drones.''Exercise 'Shoor Veer' is based on the integrated theatre battle concept under South Western Army Command with the elite Strike Corps in the lead, supported by Chetak Corps and all other relevant elements,\" said an officer.''The Army and IAF have tested new battle fighting concepts and doctrines during the exercise with real time pictures of the battle zone provided to a centralized command and control centre from fighter jets, unmanned aerial vehicles and attack helicopters,\" he added.More than 300 combat vehicles including the T-90S and T-72 tanks, long-range 150mm artillery guns, multi barrel rockets and about 60,000 troops are taking part in the wargames.''The transformational study of the Indian Army based on series of transformation initiatives spanning different concepts, organizational structures and absorption of new age technologies, particularly in the fields of precision guided munitions, advance surveillance systems, space and network centricity, are being tested in the exercise,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973170", "title": "'Biggest share for education\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: South Delhi Municipal Corporation convened its first meeting on Wednesday.The House adopted its first annual budget estimates approved by director, local bodies, on condition of amendments. \"We cleared the budget, as we don't want to stall developmental work ,\" said Subhash Arya, a BJP councillor. Maximum funds will be spent on education, sanitation and public works, an official said. As much as 24% of total income will be spent on education and 17% on sanitation, he said. Being the most densely populated corporation, many school buildings have also been planned.The official said south Delhi will greatly benefit from this budget, as it does not have to pay off any liabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12973948", "title": "Cashew crushed: After low yield, now infection", "text": "PONDA: As if the poor crop was not troubling enough, some horticulturists in Ponda are worried about an infection that has gripped their cashew plants.They claim the infection has their plants secreting a sticky fluid from the stem and this has left the trees' yield of apples and nuts very poor.Vijay Gaonkar, a horticulturist from Panchme-Khandepar, told TOI that several of his cashew plants appear weak and even dried up thanks to the infection.Coupled with the very low yield, Gaonkar is worried that his family will suffer from the low returns of their sole source of income.Sources say Goa's average cashew production is between 20,000 and 21,000 tonnes per season, i.e. January to June.By April, production normally peaks. But this year, climatic conditions, especially a lingering chill during the flowering season, has seen a decline of almost 50% in cashew produce in almost all parts of the state.According to agriculture director S S Tendulkar, Bicholim, Sanguem, Valpoi, Canacona, Ponda and Quepem talukas are the main producers of cashew in the state.Reacting to horticulturists' worries about the infection, Ponda zonal agricultural officer (ZAO), Nitin Bakhale, said the same can be prevented with proper care.\"It is a root and stem borer, whose larvae enter the plant through injuries or cuts to the roots. The larvae then eat the stem causing a sticky fluid to come out of it,\" explained Bakhale. He said soil erosion is the main cause of the infection.\"Soil erosion leaves the plants' roots exposed and any injury or cut to the roots creates a passage for the larvae to enter the plant,\" said Bakhale. \"In order to avoid the infection, farmers should take care of their plants by avoiding soil erosion and by using proper pesticides,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974722", "title": "Chief minister miffed over Centre's stand on mine profits", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: CM Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday flayed the Union mines ministry's stand that iron ore miners were not earning windfall profits and urged PM Manmohan Singh to impose a new tax so as to benefit the common man.Reiterating the Odisha government's demand for levy of mineral resource rent tax (MRRT), Naveen said he was surprised at Union mines minister Dinsha Patel's version that iron ore miners were not reaping 'super normal profits'. Patel, in separate letters to Naveen on January 3 and April 24, brushed aside the state's demand for a new tax as 'unjustified'.Referring to enormous profits earned by the state-run National Mineral Development Corporation (NMDC), Patel said it may not be prudent to generalize that the entire iron ore mining sector is earning profit to the scale equivalent to NMDC , which is a fairly large miner enjoying high-grade deposits. He said since the freight on board (FoB) value includes transportation and handling costs on which royalty cannot be levied, it might not be appropriate to conclude that super profits were being generated by taking into account the FoB value of iron ore.Naveen refused to accept Patel's take. \"I am constrained to point out that the stand taken by the Ministry of Mines is contrary to the facts available regarding super normal profits in iron ore mining, and appears to be in the interest of private mining companies alone,\" he told Singh in a letter. He implored the PM to review the matter personally and ensure the Centre acts immediately on imposing MRRT on iron ore at the rate of 50 per cent on account of the 'super normal profits' being made by miners. Rejecting the MRRT idea, Patel had suggested the Odisha government to at availing benefits from mining under provisions in the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Bill, 2011.Accusing Patel's ministry of \"pleading ignorance\", Naveen said NMDC's profits, highlighted in its audited accounts, were indicative of the heavy profits being earned by mine owners and should be used as a benchmark. There will be many efficient private companies earning higher profits than NMDC, he noted. According to the state government's 'conservative estimates', mining companies are now earning profits between 2000 and 3500 per tonne of iron ore sold in the domestic market. On exports, the Centre collects over 4000 per tonne through export duty and differential rail freight, but the state gets a 'paltry' sum of 200 per tonne as royalty. This has forced the state government to press for a new tax since August. The proposed tax, official sources said, would mean miners paying half of the extra money they earn from iron ore above a base price to be fixed by the Centre. Presently, mineral-bearing states get 10 per cent of the pit head price of iron ore as royalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973700", "title": "On May Day, chief minister promises low-cost housing, medical aid to labourers", "text": "LUCKNOW: For Uttar Pradesh's labour forces, May Day might have well seemed like Christmas day. With chief minister Akhilesh Yadav making a slew of promises that included provisions for low-cost housing, medical treatment and job cards, labourers in the state could be on the way to being a happier lot. Akhilesh said,\"We assure you that the Samajwadi government will not spend any money in raising statues, building parks or acquiring stone. Instead, all that money would be put to good use, for your welfare.''Amidst the cheer that followed, Akhilesh had something to offer for all those who came. Addressing a rally organised by the Northern Railway Men's Union and the Hind Mazdoor Sabha at Charbagh Railway Stadium, Akhilesh said the government would restore all facilities given to freedom fighters in UP. All facilities, he said, would be extended to persons who participated in the struggle during the Indian Emergency. Akhilesh also said these persons will be designated as champions of democracy. Showering praises on the contribution of Anganwadi workers in the state, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav announced an increase in the salaries of female Anganwadi workers and their assistants.Addressing a packed audience at the Railway stadium, Akhilesh said,\"I have heard all your problems and gone through your charter of demands. I would like to assure you that the state government will consider these demands and take decisions soon.''Akhilesh also gave his nod to an increase in the honorarium to Anganwadi workers and their assistants by Rs 1,500 and Rs 750 respectively. In a bid to assure the state's work force that the government was committed to creating jobs, Akhilesh said the government would constitute a committee to dispose of the demands related to recruitment to vacant posts, grant state status to employees and look into matters relating to payments and other demands.Among other key announcements made by the state head on Tuesday included the decision to restore the Labour Department in Noida, abolished during the BSP rule. Akhilesh also attempted to make an emotional connect with his audience saying that the Samajwadi government was committed to working for the welfare of women and girls.He said, \"I am aware that the lives of working classes are not easy. Labourers contribute in a big way to changing the face of the country. However, their safety and facilities in private industry are grossly overlooked.\" The government, Akhilesh added, would take effective measures to protect their rights.Apart from addressing the rally, Akhilesh also heard the grievances of 24 employees and 68 workers of the Modern India Industries, Ghaziabad. After interacting with their leader Anil Giri, Akhilesh directed the Labour Commission to look into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972112", "title": "Complaints have fallen on deaf ears, rue residents", "text": "NAGPUR: The NMC may be making tall making claims about providing water 24x7 in some parts of the city, but residents of Hudco colony have to make do with contaminated water being supplied by the civic body.During a visit, TOI too noticed that many streets of the area in Hudco colony remain clogged with dirty sewage. Residents also claimed that they were scared to step outside because there is a lot of slush and stagnant water.A miffed resident, who did not wish to be named, said, \"It's been two months since water started getting collected outside our house. I work for a private firm. I come back every night at 10 pm and the first thing I do is clean up the street outside the house. If my children get sick I won't even get leave. This area stinks.\"On Wednesday, a delegation of residents met water works department officials at Asi Nagar zone.\"Despite our repeated requests as well as complaints, nobody has bothered to check the quality of water. This is not the first time that we are falling ill after consuming dirty water,\" said Jaimala Satre, another resident.Following various representations and with the help of Nari corporators, Municipal Corporation sent water tankers to the residents. Corporators blamed it on the officials of Asi Nagar zone.Corporator Savita Sangole said, \"We have gone to them with complaints many times. Be it regarding backflow of sewage, or roads, NMC workers either don't turn up or leave without completing the job. We are sick of NMC's attitude and the area is paying the price for it. I have taken it upon myself sit at the roadside and get the work done, but the moment I leave the NMC workers also disappear.\"Deputy engineer (water works department) AK Bodhile confirmed that many localities under Asi Nagar zone were getting contaminated water. He pointed out that many pipelines were old and are close to sewage line and hence the water gets contaminated. \"We along with Orange City Water Limited ( OCWL) are working to ensure citizens receive safe drinking water,\" he added without saying when would residents get potable water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973558", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav resigns from Lok Sabha", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday resigned from Lok Sabha. Akhilesh, who became chief minister in March, was recently elected unopposed to the state Legislative Council.Akhilesh Yadav represented Kannauj constituency in Lok Sabha. He came to Parliament House on Wednesday to tender his resignation.The letter is now with speaker Meira Kumar and a notification accepting the resignation would be issued after processing the document.After Yadav's resignation, SP's strength in Lok Sabha has come down to 21, the same as that of BSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "12973235", "title": "Policemen killed in Maoist attack", "text": "RAIPUR: Two policemen were killed and four others injured when a group of Maoists opened indiscriminate firing on a police van in Dantewada district of Chhatishgarh on Wednesday.Additional director general of police (anti-Maoist operations) Ram Niwas said here that the outlaws attacked the police team when they were on a patrolling in Bacheli area during the weekly market, killing two policemen.The policemen also fired in retaliation but the Maoists managed to flee the spot, Niwas said. The deceased have been identified as constable Mahavir Markole and homeguard jawan Jitendra Chaudhary, who succumbed to their wounds at a Dantewada hospital, he said.The injured included an assistant police inspector two home guard jawans and the van driver. All have been hospitalised, he said.Following the abduction of Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, the Maoists had demanded a total halt on the anti-Maoist operations in the forest areas dominated by the red rebels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977580", "title": "Aarushi murder: Hearing in Nupur Talwar's trial deferred to May 9", "text": "GHAZIABAD, The trial of dentist Nupur Talwar, accused in the 2008 twin murders of her teenaged daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj, could not be initiated in the CBI sessions court Thursday after her lawyers cited lack of complete documents. The next hearing is on May 9.The case was to be referred to the sessions court from the magistrate's court after Nupur Talwar's bail was rejected on Wednesday. But her lawyers said they were not furnished the complete set of documents by the sessions court and requested that another date be fixed.Rajesh and Nupur Talwar have now decided to move the Allahabad high court to challenge the order of the sessions court.Meanwhile, Nupur Talwar broke down in court today. Her husband Rajesh Talwar was seen consoling her.Nupur's lawyers have now also moved the Supreme Court to seek bail. The apex court will hear the plea and review petition on Friday.Earlier, the special CBI judge denied Nupur bail saying she was accused not only of murdering her daughter Aarushi but also a poor domestic help, Hemraj, who worked in their house to earn a livelihood. Using strong words, judge Shyam Lal held that there was, prima facie, sufficient evidence to suggest her involvement in the murders.In his order, the special judge said, \"Looking at the seriousness of the offence and severity of the punishment provided, I am not inclined to exercise the discretion in favour of the accused applicant to grant bail.Accepting the CBI's contention, the judge noted that if given bail, Nupur may flee from justice and create hindrance in the speedy disposal of the case, as directed by the Supreme Court. The judge also rejected Nupur's claim of parity with her husband, who is on bail, and also her plea for bail on the ground of being a woman.Nupur Talwar has already spent three nights in Ghaziabad's Dasna jail.(Inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973100", "title": "No government agency owns Mahatma Gandhi's Dandi Pul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Gujarat high court took suo motu cognizance of TOI report on Dandi Pul being damaged in a fire recently, the court had no idea that it had just unlocked a Pandora's box. It has now turned out that no government agency in the state owns Dandi Pul. The orphaned bridge, barely 70 feet in length, was the first bridge that Gandhiji crossed when he embarked on the historic Salt March to Dandi on March 12, 1930 - which set the tone for the freedom struggle in the country.Neither Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) nor Archaeological Survey of India ( ASI), or state government's Public Works Department (PWD) has any records to prove ownership of the bridge. Even the Sabarmati Ashram doesn't have any documents that suggest any link with the historic bridge.The bridge was built after Ellisbridge and before Gandhiji settled in the city in 1915, as there was a small Chandrabhaga natural rainwater drain over which the wooden bridge was built. Experts who have researched over the Dandi route say that Gandhiji should have crossed the bridge if he had to reach Pritamnagar in Paldi and walk towards the municipal school in Jamalpur.\"Until 1974, the bridge had at least 12 buses plying on it in a day. I have travelled in those buses. It used to be one way then. As far as my memory goes, the bridge was being repaired by Ahmedabad municipality. It was Parikshit Majmudar, Gandhiji's follower who had approached Ahmedabad municipality for a new concrete bridge which was constructed besides the Dandi Pul after independence,\" says octogenarian Amrut Modi, secretary of Sabarmati Ashram.Dandi Pul had been tarred in 2001 and 2009 by AMC after a hue and cry was raised over open defecation and dumping of garbage below the bridge. Municipal commissioner Guruprasad Mohapatra says, \"Though we do not have records, we have offered to repair the Dandi bridge under the renovation project planned around the Sabarmati Ashram. It is only a question of who takes the responsibility of maintaining the bridge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972683", "title": "Illegal zoo: High court orders Lokayukta probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a grim view of a sitting MLA encroaching upon public land, the Delhi high court on Wednesday ordered a Lokayukta inquiry.A bench of acting chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw referred to the Lokayukta a probe into allegations that Okhla MLA Asif Mohammed Khan has grabbed a vast piece of DDA land and is running an illegal zoo there. HC also directed DDA to immediately take steps to reclaim the land from Khan.\"Going by the demarcation report, we find the matter should be referred to Lokayukta. We also direct DDA to take suitable action against Khan to take back the land.\"The court also instructed the wildlife department to inspect the alleged zoo and take action against Khan under Wildlife Protection Act if any protected animal was found in the zoo.\"The wildlife preservation director has been ordered to carry out immediate inspection of the zoo and make surprise visits under the Wildlife Protection Act,\" the bench said taking note of petitioner's argument that deer, peacock and other animals are kept in the MLA's zoo.While hearing the plea against Khan, the bench had earlier directed DDA to produce the records of 5 bighas of land, allegedly encroached upon by Khan at Jasola village in southeast Delhi.The plea was filed by Kamran Siddiqi, who sought registration of a criminal case against the legislator on charges of criminal trespass and encroachment of land.Accusing the MLA of misusing his power, the petitioner said the court should direct police to take action against him as he violated the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act and also the Wild Life Protection Act.Khan, through his lawyer, refuted all allegations as baseless and argued that the land belonged to him. He cited the plan prepared by the SDM office to argue there was no encroachment.He claimed it was the DDA that had in fact grabbed some of his land in Jasola village.The police has already informed HC that two FIRs have been registered against the MLA. The charge sheet has been filed in the first FIR lodged in 2000 and the second FIR was registered last year in which investigation is on.Accusing the MLA of misusing his clout, the petitioner said the court should direct the police to take action against him as he violated the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act and also the Wild Life Protection Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973608", "title": "High court judgment on school fee today", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court is to deliver its judgment on the batch of cases relating to the fee structure laid down by the statutory committee on Thursday. A division bench of Justice R Banumathi and Justice S Vimala will read out the much-awaited judgment around 11am on Thursday, according to sources in the high court.After the Supreme Court upheld the validity of the Tamil Nadu Schools (regulation of collection of fee) Act, 2009, besides the constitution of the statutory committee headed by Justice K Govindarajan, the fee structure for 10,934 schools were fixed by the committee.A total of 6,400 schools appealed to the committee against the fee structure and demanded enhancement of tuition and other fees. As Justice Govindarajan had resigned on health grounds by then, Justice K Ravirajapandian, who was the new chairman, passed orders on all the 6,400 cases and released a new fee structure for these schools.Assailing his ruling, a batch of about 400 schools approached the high court faulting the re-determination of fee structure and demanding a better deal. The bench headed by Justice Banumathi heard a battery of senior lawyers at length before reserving judgment on the matter.Thursday's order will, however, cover only matriculation, government and aided state board schools. The cases filed by CBSE and ICSE schools have been delinked from the batch. They will be heard separately at a later date and orders will be passed separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12978261", "title": "IIT answer sheets to be posted online", "text": "NEW DELHI: IIT aspirants will now get to see their evaluated answer scripts of the Joint Entrance Examination even before the result is declared on May 18. IIT Delhi, which organized JEE on April 8 this year, has decided to upload the checked optical response sheets of every candidate on the JEE website. The sheets will be available online only for six days from May 5 to May 10.During this time, candidates can go through the evaluation and point out any discrepancy or error in checking. IITD will consider all complaints and update scores, if required , before preparing the final merit list. This is for the first time that IITs will show evaluated ORS to candidates. \"It is possible that sometimes the scanner might not read an answer if the candidate has not filled the response bubble completely. Candidates can go through their optical reader sheets and if they do not find the evaluation satisfactory, they can lodge a complaint online,\" said Professor R Shevgaonkar, director, IIT Delhi. Nearly 4.8 lakh candidates had appeared in JEE this year. Since JEE is held in two parts, each candidate had two ORS which will now be uploaded . A candidate can access the ORS using his or her date of birth and registration number.The administration will consider an answer only if the response bubble has been darkened more than half. IITD officials also clarified that there will be no scope for changing the answers as the ORS will be uploaded only as an image. Also , there will be no scope for questioning the answer keys or the evaluation process. \"This facility will enable students to highlight any technical glitches. They'll know the marks scored for each question . Representatives of all IITs will meet after May 10 and the revision process will be carried out between May 11 and May 14. The updated responses will be reflected in the ORS by May 15,\" said JEE chairperson Professor G B Reddy. The ranks will be clear only on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12975068", "title": "Tobacco sellers around schools may face music", "text": "VADODARA: Vendors selling tobacco products near schools have started paying dearly for their act by landing in police lockups. The city police has started a crackdown on sale of tobacco products around school and has formed teams in each police station that will ensure that the law is implemented strictly.Police commissioner Satish Sharma issued directives in this regard recently. All the police stations in the city have been asked to prepare teams that will monitor sale of tobacco products around the schools. If it is found that such products are sold within 100 metres of a school, the errant vendors will be asked to shut shop. And if they don't heed, they will be booked.The police chief has also asked the teams to keep a vigil on even those tobacconists who do not operate within 100 metres of a school. \"They will keep a tab on the shops to ensure that minors are not sold tobacco products,\" Sharma said.Sharma said that the step had been initiated as it had come to light that students who studied between standards eight and 11 were susceptible to tobacco addiction. \"In 2011, no persons selling tobacco products were arrested till April 25. In the same period this year, we have arrested 25 persons. We are exercising vigil despite the fact that the schools are on a vacation,\" he added. A daily report on the work done by different police stations in this direction is also being prepared.A parent, Mayur Thakkar whose son Chirag studies in standard 11, said that the decision of the police was welcome. \"I keep talking to my son and advise him against getting into any addictions. While the police will concentrate on areas around schools, it should keep an eye on shops in other areas of the city too,\" he said.Principal of a city-based school Paresh Shah said that to ensure that students do not get into bad company around the school, the school ensured that such elements did not hang around the school. \"Besides legal steps, the schools can take students to cancer hospitals, show them documentaries on cancer and use similar means to create awareness,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973941", "title": "Norway-like child custody row in Sweden", "text": "KOLKATA: Close on the heels of the Norway child custody row, a similar case has come to light in Sweden where an NRI woman has claimed that her son is being held in foster care on charges of neglect and sought help from In-dian authorities.Inspired by the release of Abhigyan and Aishwarya by a Norwegian civil court and their return to India in the custody of their uncle, NRI mother Annie Johansson has also sought the help of Anurup and Sagarika Bhattacharya for getting custody of her 11-year-old son Domenic from Swedish authorities.Her son is being held by the Swedish Gotland Municipal Social Welfare Committee, Kolkata-based NGO India's Smile, which has claimed to have brought to light the custody row over the two NRI children in Norway, said.She has contacted the NGO from Visby in Sweden, India's Smile secretary trustee Rajeev Sarkar said.The NGO said that the authorities of Gotland Municipal Social Welfare Committee had allegedly taken away her son in 2009 and placed him in an emergency foster home on the ground that the parents were not taking proper care of him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973696", "title": "Fresh row brews in Holkar College", "text": "INDORE: The autonomous Holkar Science College is courting a controversy over alleged favourtism shown to a few students. The newly-appointed principal allegedly favoured five students of MSc first semester, who reportedly failed to clear Comprehensive and Continuous Evaluation (CCE). When the matter of alleged favouritism came to light, several others, who had failed due to CCE marks, approached the college demanding that they too be given passing marks in a similar manner. The college authorities allegedly passed five students, taking into consideration the higher education department 2008 order. Sources said it was a standing order so it could not be used after four years to pass students. In 2008, the department had issued academic calendar wherein it was stipulated that if students failed due CCE marks, a separate examination would be conducted in November 2008.When a few students, who flunked came to know that their colleagues passed the examination because of the order meant only for 2008, they and students' union representatives sought out answer from the principal. The matter has now become a bone of contention for the principal, Dr R K Tugnawat. All does not appear fair, sources said.In his defence, the college principal said the five students have given him an application requesting special examination after which students were passed. \"We had received application from students requesting special examination for them. So we conducted the test,\" said Dr Tugnawat. When asked why other students were not allowed the examination, he said he had received application from only five.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12971843", "title": "India top exporter of skilled immigrants to Australia", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has climbed to the top of the charts as the top source country for skilled permanent migrants to Australia. Chris Bowen , Australian immigration minister who is visiting India, told TOI, \"The strongest link between Australia and India is people to people through immigration. India has for several years been our third largest source of permanent migrants. This year so far, India has been the largest source; it has beaten China and the UK.\"While immigration, particularly of the skilled variety, is shrinking in both the UK and the US, Australia has emerged as the beneficiary. Bowen said, \"Most of the Indian migration is skilled, both independent and sponsored. Independent migrants clear the points test and come over and look for work. Sponsored migration is when an employer sponsors someone. We encourage that. Its better for them, it's better for us. Then, there is the temporary skilled migration, what we call 457...India is the second highest source of such migration.\"Bowen also indicated that Australia and India had overcome the hurdle caused by the attacks on Indian students. \"Those incidents are in the past. Indian students are now again one of the highest numbers in Australian universities,\" he said. Australia recently made significant changes in their international students' programme. Bowen said this has made it easier for genuine students to be able to go to Australia and study there. Much of the checking of the backgrounds for students now is done by the universities themselves, he added.Bowen met home minister P Chidambaram, HRD minister Kapil Sibal , minister for overseas Indian affairs Vyalar Ravi and Aadhar chief Nandan Nilekani over a couple of days as well as senior business representatives. The minister said that in his talks with Chidambaram, he discussed cooperation between the two departments of immigration, which includes a joint bid to prevent Sri Lankans from using India as a springboard to become a refugee in Australia.Addressing senior Indian and Australian business representatives, government officials and the media at the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry on Wednesday, he said, \"Our [Australia and India] interests are converging like never before. This is being driven by trade complementarily, rising investment, common geo-strategic outlooks and closer multilateral cooperation. It is also driven by significant business relationships, rich people-to-people links and a common heritage that will continue to bring our two countries closer together.\"The minister said, \"Education presents one of the most valuable opportunities for both countries to lay the foundation for an enduring partnership. It presents enormous opportunities to deepen collaboration between institutions across the education and training sectors, business and industry, and our governments.\"As of June 2010, there were 340, 600 India-born people living in Australia, which equals to 5.7% of Australia's overseas born population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974221", "title": "Experts to help implement rural livelihood prog", "text": "PATNA: As many as 85 young professionals, both men and women, selected from reputed institutions would lend their expertise in successful implementation of rural livelihood programme through Self Help Groups (SHGs) -- earlier launched with World Bank aid and called Jeevika programme, but now rechristened as State Rural Livelihood Mission (SRLM) as part of National Rural Livelihood Mission ( NRLM) -- in all the 38 districts of Bihar.State deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , inaugurating the nine-day induction programme for the 85 young professionals here on Wednesday, said that the state government had decided to use SHGs mode as an effective mechanism to bring about dynamic change in the state's countryside incorporating families to which SHG members belong. \"The SHGs have proved to be a highly successful motor of economic and social change in Andhra Pradesh (AP) and Tamil Nadu, and the Bihar government has also made up its mind to replicate the same model and experience in the state,\" Modi said.Accordingly, these management professionals are expected to provide guide and support systems to the SHGs formed under Bihar's SRLM. They had management training and education in such reputed institutions as the London School of Economics, the Institute of Rural Management (Anand, Gujarat), the Indian Institute of Management (Bhopal), the Chandragupta Institute of Management Patna, the St Xavier Institute of Management (Bhubaneswar), the Tata Institute ofSocial Science (Mumbai), and the Indian Institute of Rural Management (Jaipur), among others.Those who also addressed them included rural development department (RDD) minister Nitish Mishra, RDD principal secretary Santosh Matthew and chief executive officer (CEO) of Jeevika project Arvind Choudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974092", "title": "'Congress failed to highlight graft in campaign'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Congress unit of Punjab failed to highlight the corruption issues against the Badal government in the poll campaign earlier this year, the Antony panel found on Wednesday. The panel was set up by Congress president Sonia Gandhi to assess the party's poor outing in three states this year.The three-member panel headed by defence minister A K Antony found a fault with the party's campaign in the state which it said couldn't accentuate the \"routine anti-incumbency\" here, sources in the Punjab Pradesh Congress Commitee (PPCC) told TOI.Faulty distribution of tickets and \"polarised leadership\" in the state party were other reasons that resulted in the poll loss, the panel reported.The members of the review panel, which included Antony, Sushil Shinde and Sheila Dikshit , were to meet the party general secretary Digvijay Singh later in the evening to discuss the findings of the report.Both PPCC chief Captain Amarinder Singh and the newly appointed Congress leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar rushed to Delhi on Wednesday to meet Punjab Congress affairs in-charge Gulchain Singh Charak to assess the report.However, Charak refused to comment on the report, saying that it was being discussed with Sonia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973489", "title": "Antony report to blame poor organization, motormouth ministers for assembly defeats", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Antony committee is learnt to have listed known reasons for the Congress's recent assembly debacle, blaming the defeat in UP, Punjab and Goa on the usual suspects of disjointed organization, poor selection of candidates and rash statements by senior leaders.The report of the three-member committee appointed to look into the reasons of the debacle is unlikely to name names but a mention of factors like statements of senior leaders causing confusion in UP would put an official stamp on what the workers have blamed for the defeat since April 6. It would put the focus back on Union ministers and organizational leaders who are seen to have spoken out of turn and led the party campaign astray.Likely to submit his diagnosis of the defeat this week, defence minister A K Antony has been a regular at doing such post-mortems, having done it in 1999 and then in 2007 after a spate of defeats in assembly polls. This time, he headed the panel comprising Union power minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit. The report was shared with AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh on Wednesday.In 2007, the panel suggested that early ticket distribution was the panacea to the party's problems after studying defeats in a string of states it lost around that time, a trend which even forced a CWC meeting.As the anger peaked among workers over the defeats, with those from UP attacking senior leaders, Congress brass constituted the committee in what was seen as an attempt to show that ground for action was being prepared. Indications about the contents of the report may lead to disappointment among workers who are demanding that accountability be fixed for the poor show.However, the report may give enough room for a crackdown if the party decides to take that road. The committee is learnt to be concluding that rash statements from senior leaders created confusion and hurt party fortunes. It may bring under the radar Union ministers Salman Khurshid, Sriprakash Jaiswal and Beni Prasad Verma. The campaign over Muslim quota too seems to have confused the voters, sources said, while raising Batla House encounter too boomeranged.Importantly, Congress is seen to have failed to counter the perception about corruption which dogged UPA over the last one year. Such conclusion could bring a new dimension to state elections, with Centre's image becoming a factor in local battles, a part success for the campaign by civil society.In UP, a large number of tickets to newcomers and failure to read the caste configuration correctly seems to have contributed to faulty strategy and campaign. In Punjab, the party is seen to have suffered from complacency and failure to factor in Akali government's performance in the last 16 months, while in Goa, nepotism and tickets to members of one family besides mining scams contributed to the defeat. The party also failed to keep Christian votes intact which were poached by the BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973884", "title": "Mamata betters Left on quota for Muslims", "text": "KOLKATA: The Mamata Banerjee government on Wednesday outdid its Left Front predecessor by bettering the latter's September 24, 2010 notification granting reservations to Muslims under the OBC category. The state cabinet cleared a proposal for inclusion of 35 more castes in the state's OBC list, of which 33 are backward Muslim groups.The Left government had added 108 OBC groups to the list, of which 53 belonged to backward Muslims. With Wednesday's cabinet decision, the total number of Muslim groups to receive OBC status in Bengal rises to 86.Mamata, who has been pulling out all the stops to woo Muslims ahead of the panchayat polls, opted to tread the path of the previous Left Front government, which in 2010 hit upon the roundabout route to grant reservation to Muslims to stem the erosion in its Muslim support base.The bill, which could not be passed during the Left Front's tenure because it lacked the governor's consent, will soon be cleared in the Assembly, Mamata said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12979419", "title": "Jannat 2 in legal tangle", "text": "Bhatt's much hyped film 'Jannat 2' starring Emraan Hashmi and Esha Gupta has got into a legal tangle. A Mumbai based writer Kapil Chopra has filed a case of plagiarism against the filmmakers and writer Sanjay Masoom. In his complaint, Chopra states that the Bhatts apparently stole his story to make 'Jannat 2'.The hearing of the case took place on Wednesday evening in which Kapil said that he had registered his story with the Film Writers Association way back in 2007. He was known to the 'Jannat 2' director Kunal Deshmukh quite well and because of this acquaintance with Deshmukh had narrated his story and also left a bound copy of the script at Bhatt's office which was later copied into 'Jannat 2'.Later when Chopra saw the promos of 'Jannat 2' he realised that it was his own story which had been copied to make 'Jannat 2'. In fact Chopra claims that even the characters, plot and the dialogues were very similar to his own script. Later Chopra also met Kunal Deshmukh and Mukesh Bhatt but both of them denied the allegation after which Kapil filed his case against the producers.Kapil' s lawyers Krishnamurthy and Co demanded an injunction on the release of the film and have also demanded due credit for Kapil, in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12974247", "title": "Coach guidance boards back in order", "text": "LUDHIANA: Boarding a train without coach guidance boards is exasperating indeed. But that would no more be a harrowing experience at least for those catching a train on platform number 1 of city railway station.In a partial relief to passengers, coach guidance boards on this platform, which weren't working since April 2, have been made functional now. However, those on platforms 2 and 3 still remain out of order. These welcome indicators on the two platforms were closed on February 25 due to the ongoing work of the footover bridge.Krishan Gupta, a businessman and resident of Civil City, said, \"It was difficult to follow the coaches in the absence of these boards, especially while catching Shatabdi on platform number 1. However, we can breathe easy as the boards are functional again.\" He further said that authorities should ensure that these boards never go out of order. When contacted, station superintendent at Ludhiana station R K Sharma said, \"The boards on platform number 1 were repaired while those on platforms 2 and 3 would be made functional after work on footover bridge is over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973357", "title": "Pratibha Patil took up to 11 relatives on 18 trips in a year", "text": "NEW DELHI: President Pratibha Patil travelling to Seychelles and South Africa with two grandchildren is hardly an exception. RTI records show that Patil has been accompanied by at least three to as many as 11 family members in 14 domestic trips and four foreign trips in the space of a year.Between January 2009 and September 2010, Patil was accompanied on state visits by her husband Devisingh Shekhawat, son Rajendrasingh Shekhawat, daughter-in-law Manjari Shekhawat, daughter Jyoti Rathore, son-in-law Jayesh Rathore, grandchildren Surabhi Shekhawat, Prithvisingh Shekhawat, Dhruvesh Rathore, Divya Rathore besides other relatives and friends who were treated as presidential guests.Details of travel accessed by activist S C Agrawal through RTI show that the President travelled to West Bengal (Kolkata) and Odisha (Bhubaneswar, Konark and Puri) between December 6-10, 2009 accompanied by her husband and relatives D S Rathore, Mrs D S Rathore and A G Patil, This was followed by a trip to Mumbai, Lakshadweep (Agatti, Kavaratti, Bangaram Islands) and Kerala (Kochi) between December 23-28, 2009 where she was accompanied by 10 relatives including her children, their spouses and grandchildren.In her travel to countries like Poland , Spain, Russia , Tajikistan , UK, Cyprus and China between April 2009 and May 2010, the President was accompanied by at least two relatives including her grandchildren on each trip.Incidentally, the disclosure came on a day when the government tried to downplay the controversy by saying family members accompanying the President was a \"normal diplomatic practice\".\"It's a normal diplomatic practice that visiting dignitaries occasionally take members of his/her family on visiting trips. Hospitality for such visiting dignitaries in such cases is usually provided by the host government. It is not abnormal,\" MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin told reporters when asked if it was usual for the President to travel with her grandchildren.Citing several examples of visiting heads of states travelling with their family members, he said it included the recent visit by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari , who was accompanied by his son, and former US President Bill Clinton , who travelled with his daughter Chelsea on a visit here. \"It is a normal and conventional diplomatic practice that visiting dignitaries take those they are comfortable in terms of members of the family. Let's us end this discussion because there are enough examples,\" Akbaruddin said.However, the government's argument does not hold in Patil's case since she is a ceremonial head of the government rather than a political one.The President's travel expenses of Rs 205 crore had raised eyebrows with political watchers questioning the necessity for large entourages and frequent travel. During her tenure, Patil has undertaken 12 foreign trips, covering 22 countries across four continents and spending 79 days abroad. She is currently on her 13th trip.A series of RTI applications had shown that Air India spent more than Rs 169 crore on use of chartered aircraft, always a Boeing 747-400, on the foreign visits of Patil who is mostly accompanied by her family members. An additional Rs 36 crore was spent by MEA on accommodation, local travel, daily allowance and \"miscellaneous\" expenses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12971454", "title": "Now, England players demand IPL-style event", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IPL bug has bitten England's cricketers, who say they now want an IPL-style Twenty20 event in their country. According to a website, professional cricketers in England have almost unanimously rejected the findings of the Morgan report into the future of their first-class game. They have, instead, called for the introduction of a high-profile T20 event that can match the IPL. The survey, conducted by the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA), revealed high opposition to the proposed shake-up, the website reported.The players, according to the report, showed complete support for the retention of the 16-match championship and asked for a well-promoted T20 tournament in the middle of the season which would possibly attract some of the world's best players.The PCA report, according to the website, concluded that the English game must \"establish a high quality T20 competition which draws on experience from other T20 events worldwide, and balances the requirement for short-term financial return for the counties with the need to establish a sustainable T20 income stream. \"For that, we need a competition which has the potential to attract the best overseas players and maximises overseas broadcast interest. A significant increase in the prize money at stake is critical.\"\"The T20 competition has a crucial role to play, both from a cricketing perspective, and for county finances. From the point of view of the players, the limitations on their ability to play a full part in the IPL because of the overlap with the start of our season... make it critical that our own T20 competition delivers adequate compensation in terms of excitement and reward.\"However, the players also want to protect the 16-match two-divisional county championship. The report says: \"The county championship remains the priority, and this is a competition which must have full fixture symmetry and integrity.\"This is regarded by the players as more important than creating space in the schedule to allow our teams to compete in the Champions League, and this in turn is a higher priority than achieving further reductions in the amount of cricket played in the domestic season.\"The exhaustive review, conducted by David Morgan, a former ECB chairman, was shelved by the ECB in March as the board decided instead to conduct further research throughout the 2012 season into the future of professional cricket in England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972867", "title": "Painting exhibition attracts Ahmedabad residents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A river of nostalgia flows down the scroll, winding its way through forgotten landscapes and ruins of monuments. All within hues and tints of the blue canvas! Liberating itself from the everyday world, the paintings are born from the artist's memory. Kakoli Sen's exhibition of painting 'Strolling Down Memory Lane' at the Hutheesing Visual Art Centre, has a dream-like quality.The work is a reiterating engagement with Khalil Gibran's lines, 'But let there be spaces in your togetherness and/ Let the winds of heaven dance between you/ Love one another, but make not a bond of love/ Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls'\"I have read these lines many a times since I was a teenager,\" says Sen for whom the act of creating an art work is a personal indulgence. \"A painting evolves on its own. Most of my responses are automatic. The paint guides my hand.\" Like the art of automatic writing tapping onto the sub-conscious.But within the blues of the canvas, many stories are hidden. A prolific reader, history and mysteries fascinate Sen. \"I love stories and I was always captivated by fairytales. As a child and later as a mother - reading stories to my children, some anecdotes leave their germ behind, which finds its way to the canvas,\" adds Sen.Filled with symbols like old letters, a compass - showing directions, a grandfather clock ticking off days, hours, months, \"with an annoying certainity\", architectural ruins - symbolizing our fast fading culture, a sailing boat - representing journey , abundance and prosperity, coax the viewer to unravel its hidden story.Also, her exploration breaks away from the 2D surface of the canvas into an installation - wooden boats going around the wheel of time - suspended in the middle of the gallery. Sen who started with realistic paintings, has now gradually been veering towards abstract expressionism. Her works are on display till May 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973121", "title": "Bandra-Versova link plan awaits central nod now", "text": "MUMBAI: Work on the clearances for the proposed 10-km Bandra-Versova sealink has been stepped up with a new plan being resubmitted for clearance to the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on Wednesday.Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) officials said that they had to make some minor changes in the earlier plan and also provide information to the Union ministry officials who had asked for clarification on certain details.\"We are hopeful that the plan will be cleared within two months so that we can proceed with the work for the sealink which will be without the coastal road earlier discussed,'' they said.The MSRDC team had earlier submitted the plan for the sealink, slated to cost over Rs 4,000 crore with the MoEF officials who studied it and asked for clarifications and a few minor changes.\"We are confident that the new submission will be cleared but we cannot divulge details of the discussions we had with the officials in Delhi. They were positive about the plan,'' the officials said.The officials at the Centre are stringent about details and asked for various explanations in the plan, MSRDC officials said. The decision to have a sea link instead of a coastal road came after months of discussions and protests by citizens' groups. When planners had proposed a cut and cover tunnel for the coastal road at Juhu beach, the residents had objected to it.Clearance of the project will mean that planning for it can go ahead full steam, said MSRDC officials. \"The feasibility, technical and financial details are ready. We just need clearance from the Centre,'' they said. Civic circles, however, point out that this will be a mammoth project compared to the Bandra-Worli sealink which is a mere 3.5 km compared to the 10 km long Bandra Versova sealink. The MSRDC will also be involved in the Worli-Haji Ali link and will have to muster all its resources to make both the links possible, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972721", "title": "CBI questions Tejinder Singh for first time", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Wednesday questioned Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh for the first time in its probe related to the Tatra scam and alleged bribery offer made by him to Army chief General V K Singh.Sources told TOI that Tejinder Singh \"denied talking to the Army chief about any bribe on September 22, 2010 and knowing Ravi Rishi\". \"When we asked him about his link with Ravi Rishi and his offer to the Army chief, he said 'when I don't know any such person (Rishi), there is no question of offering any bribe to the Army chief on his behalf',\" said a source.Singh arrived at the CBI headquarters in the morning and was grilled at length in connection with the Tatra case as the probe has suggested the role of some former Army officers in clearing the deal for the trucks, agency sources said. Tejinder Singh has denied all the allegations and has also filed a contempt case against the Army chief.The CBI had recorded the Army chief's statement on April 20 in which he claimed that Tejinder Singh had made the bribe offer on behalf of Ravi Rishi, sources said. Rishi and his company, Vectra, have also denied any wrongdoing in the case.CBI registered a case on March 30 against Rishi, unknown officials of defence ministry and UK-based Vectra. CBI sources claimed documents showed that there was an apparent hurry shown in signing the memorandum of understanding in just three days between Tatra Sipox UK and public sector BEML in June 1997.Rishi, who holds substantial shares in Tatra Sipox UK, has denied allegations of any wrongdoing. The agency is probing alleged irregularities in assigning supply from Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which the agreement was originally signed in 1986, to Tatra Sipox UK owned by Rishi in 1997 showing it as an original equipment manufacturer and a fully-owned subsidiary of the Czech company, sources said.A CBI spokesperson said this was against the provisions of Defence Procurement Procedure for supplying vehicles to Indian Army. \"It is further alleged that in this manner, vehicles worth thousands of crores of rupees have been supplied to the Indian Army. In continuation of the aforesaid conspiracy to cause undue benefit to the UK-based company, unknown officials of the defence PSU allowed change of currency from US dollar to euro and further by not levying liquidated damages, thereby causing further loss of Rs 13.27 crore,\" the CBI had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973925", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation eyes Andra dam for meeting water supply needs", "text": "PUNE: For meeting the water supply needs of Pimpri-Chinchwad in the future, the municipal corporation has set its eyes on drawing water from the Andra dam in Maval taluka. While the municipal corporation at present gets water from the Pavana river, the quota set by the irrigation department is likely to be exhausted.The civic body at present draws 428 million litres per day (MLD) water from the Pavana river. Water from the Pavana dam, located 40 kms from the city, is released in the river by the irrigation department.Over the last 15 to 20 years, the corporation has implemented water supply schemes in four phases. While initially the corporation used to get 114 MLD water from the river, this has increased in phases to 428 MLD. Incidentally, the corporation has built facility to treat 500 MLD water.Pravin Ladkat, executive engineer, water supply department, PCMC said, \"The state irrigation department has allotted a share of 471 MLD to PCMC. This share cannot increase further as the capacity of the dam is limited. We are already drawing 428 MLD raw water from the Pavana dam. The population of Pimpri-Chinhwad is increasing at a fast pace and soon we may be reaching our maximum allotted share of 471 MLD. So there is an urgent need for the civic body to find new alternate sources of water supply other than the Pavana dam.\"He added, \"Bhama Askhed dam on the Bhama river and Andra dam on the Andra river are the potential alternate sources. But the neighbouring Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is also demanding water from Bhama Askhed dam, and as a result we may have to rely on Andra dam.\"He further said, \"The Andra dam is located on the Andra river which is a tributary of the Indrayani river so the water released from this dam will flow into the Indrayani river which runs along the northern boundary of Pimpri-Chinchwad. The civic body will have to draw water from the Indrayani river and treat it before using it as drinking water.\"He said, \"The Indrayani river has become polluted due to the release of untreated sewage into it. So the civic body will have to either lift water from Indrayani river at Talawade village where the river enters our municipal limits or before Dehu village depending on whether the water is unpolluted/potable there.\"He said that water treatment plants (WTP) will have to be constructed at Talawade village where there is a plot reserved as per the Development Plan (DP) along the Indrayani river. The water lifted from the river will have to be treated at this proposed WTP. The treated water can be sent through gravity to the residents of areas located to east of Spine road namely Talawade, Chikhli, Moshi, Wadmukhwadi, Jadhavwadi and others.M T Kamble, city engineer and chief of water supply department, PCMC, said that in this year's annual budget, the civic body has made a provision for identifying and developing an alternate source of water supply. \"This provision has been made so that if the corporation receives the permission for the additional water supply, the planning for the water project can be made''.The corporation, he said, has reserved a site for setting up a WTP at Talawade. \"If the corporation receives the necessary permission, the land acquisition and other processes will have to be completed. We will also need to lay water pipelines for connecting the new water treatment plant to the existing water distribution network as well as lay new water pipelines to meet the growing water needs of the fast developing areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978167", "title": "Manish Tripathi steps into Bollywood", "text": "Designer Manish Tripathi, born and brought up in Lucknow has surely come a long way. Tripathi, a City Montessori School alumni went on to do a course in fashion designing from the National Institute of Fashion Technology ( NIFT), New Delhi. Having a label of his own known as \"antarDESI\", Manish is also an accomplished caricature artiste. In 2010, he held a solo exhibition on the subject of CWG issues at the India Habitat Center which was highly appreciated.After having explored all aspects of creativity, Manish has now spread his wings wider and has stepped into filmdom by styling and designing for movies. And Manish debuts with the film \" Life Ki Toh Lag Gayi\".Released on the April 27th, \"LKTLG\" stars Ranvire Shorey, Kay Kay Menon, Neha Bhasin and Praduman Singh in pivotal roles.This sure is a huge step for Manish, who is all set to style Bollywood in his style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973531", "title": "Motorcycle stolen", "text": "NASHIK: A Hero Honda bike worth Rs 15,000 was stolen when parked near Thakkar Bazar on April 30.Arun Phulpagare of Shramiknagar, Satpur, said in his police complaint that his bike was parked near J M Finance firm at Thakkar Bazaar between 12 noon and 1pm when it got stolen.The Sarkarwada police have registered the case in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972961", "title": "Bus hits car, driver held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A BRTS bus close to a CNG station near Pragatinagar Crossroads went out of control. Eyewitnesses said that the bus driver was speeding and rammed into a car.Fortunately, the car driver, Rajendra Pandit, escaped unhurt. The car was however damaged in the accident. Police rushed to the site and took the BRTS driver, Mehul Sharma, into custody. Later Pandit registered a complaint with Naranpura police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973856", "title": "Delay in pipeline work ups water woes", "text": "PUNE: The delay in laying of a pipeline from Krishnanagar to Chiklhi in Pimpri-Chinchwad has led to water supply problems for residents.Civic officials said that the work cannot be completed on a 1.5 km stretch near Triveninagar due to slums and encroachments. Heaps of rusting pipes lie on the stretch from sector 23 in Nigdi, and along Spine Road.Mayor Mohini Lande on April 24 had written to municipal commissioner Ashish Sharma seeking a solution for removal of encroachments so that work on laying pipelines could begin.M T Kamble, city engineer and chief of water supply department, PCMC said, \"The town planning department is working to solve the land acquisition problem for laying the pipeline at Triveninagar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972925", "title": "422 samras panchayats get Rs 10.86 crore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sarpanches of 422 samras village panchayats have been given incentive grants worth Rs 10.86 crore.Giving away the grants, chief minister Narendra Modi said that an atmosphere of healthy competition between villages has been created across the state. \"Instead of conflicts, the villages are now competing on the front of development,\" he said.Taking a dig at Congress, Modi said: \"Those who oppose the movement of Samras gram Panchayats are suffering from ill mentality and don't want others to get the fruits of development. Such people hinder the village development.\"He said that under 'Apno Taluko, Vibrant Taluko' project, the state government has allotted a significant amount of Rs 800 to 1,000 crore for carrying out small and non-budgetary works.Modi said that every sarpanch should resolve that he will ensure that every house in his village has a toilet and women don't have to go to attend nature's call in open.He also called upon the sarpanchs to take a lead in improving the quality of education in schools and ensure all round development of the villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12975137", "title": "Bangkok, hottest weekend destination for Surt reisdents!", "text": "SURAT: Every Friday night, diamantaire Bharat Patel's family used to drive down to either Saputara or Matheran near Pune for a relaxed weekend. But since a year or so, they board a flight and land in Bangkok. Their weekends are now spent on the scenic beaches of Thailand.Move over the serene hill stations of Western Ghats or nearby Saputara. Surtis are taking wings for Bangkok, that too, only for spending a quality weekend!\"I visit Bangkok two or three times a month. I do some shopping for my whole family there. Its cheaper and we can spend some quality time,\" says Patel, who lives in City Light area.If the numbers quoted by tour opeators is anything to go by, there has been a three-fold increase in the number of Surtis preferring Bangkok as a weekend destination, forget vacations.Raju Choksi of Ace Tours and Travels said, \"We used to have nearly 500 tourists for Thailand every year some two years ago. Now, there are more than 2,500 who fly to Bangkok.\"Travel shop run by Nipun Rawal also has also seen the same rise. \"Against yearly bookings of nearly 500-600 individual passengers two years ago, there are 3,000 tourists who go to this south-East Asian country just to spend their weekend.\"\"More than 70 per cent of these tourists are single or a group of male friends ,\" said Rawal.Rajiv Dhamolia, a diamond machinery manufacturer, said he visits the city regularly at least twice a month. \"We are here to spend a good weekend,\" he said.At present, number of airlines operate direct flight from Mumbai and Delhi to Bangkok and during the weekend most are fully booked.According to the estimate which is proved by the figures of actual sales of airline tickets, at least a 1,500 people from Surat including south Gujarat visit Bangkok every week. More than 75 per cent of them are weekend travelers from economically well off class of the city.\"Large number of people, mostly from diamond and realty industry book open tickets in advance for almost every weekend. This way travel becomes cheaper. Even for many corporate houses, where the trend of incentive in form of a foreign holiday for their dealers and employees has caught up, Bangkok is the favourite destination,\" said another tour operator.Haresh Pandya, a diamond businessman, who visits this city at least twice a month said, \"We do have small work there every now and then. But whoever wants some time off and rest with pleasure heads to Bangkok for weekends.\"Shopping and pleasure is main reason for Bangkok becoming the favoured place. Many feel they might be recognized in a place like Mumbai which is flooded with people from the city and region on daily basis but in Bangkok there are very little chances of being caught in a beer bar, a Go Go bar or a massage centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973639", "title": "Master of Computer Applicatio loses its sheen to BE, BTech", "text": "CHENNAI: The Master of Computer Application (MCA) course is losing its sheen.An MCA student now is looked at more as a poor cousin of an engineering graduate than as a professional sought by the IT industry.The popularity of the course has been dwindling over the last couple of years across the country, with some institutions like the Mumbai Business School closing down courses for want of takers. This year, the southern regional office of the All India Council for Technical Education ( AICTE) received just one application to start an MCA course in the state.Across the country, the number of applications declined by 12% in 2010-11 compared to the previous year.In the state, 11,960 candidates have applied for the MCA eligibility test through the Tamil Nadu Common Entrance Test (Tancet) to gain admission to 21,310 seats.\"MCA is definitely losing popularity in the state and many colleges have opted to close down the course,\" said an official in the AICTE's southern regional office. Even popular institutions like Rajalakshmi Engineering College are opting to reduce the intake from 120 to 60 or lower this year.Those following industry trends say that during placement programmes at engineering colleges, companies prefer an engineering graduate over one with an MCA because the former studies practical subjects and programming languages like Java and C++ in more detail during the third and fourth years than MCA students.\"Colleges also find it easier to hone the soft skills and provide personality development training to engineering students fresh out of school rather than an MCA student who is slightly older and has more trouble adapting to situations,\" said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi.Another reason is the AICTE's decision to change the eligibility norms for MCA admission. Only those who took mathematics in the higher secondary classes would be eligible. Those who pursued humanities in Classes 11 and 12 or took up biology or other vocational courses would be ineligible.\"This criterion makes sense, as students are required to study discrete mathematics, during the MCA course. Students who haven't pursued maths in high school find it tough to clear papers such as these,\" said a college teacher, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "partap colony", "code": "12974218", "title": "Plants from across the country adorn Ludhiana resident's garden", "text": "PARTAP COLONY: A nature lover, Atul Kumar Sharma, 60, a resident of Partap Colony, Model Gram, always nurtured a dream to own a beautiful garden. So, when he bought his house here, the first thing he did was realize his green dream.\"I love plants... gardening is my hobby. Where ever I go, I look for plants and accessories for my garden,'' said Atul. It is not only leaves and flowers that adorn his favourite space, as it has many idols, such as Lord Ganesha's, statues, pots of different shapes and sizes and decorative pieces in the shape of animals also.\"I collect stones of different colours and sizes whenever I visit hill stations and other places... these too find a place in my field,'' he smiled.\"I love spending time in my garden,\" he added. A nature lover, Atul Kumar Sharma, 60, a resident of Partap Colony, Model Gram, always nurtured a dream to own a beautiful garden. So, when he bought his house here, the first thing he did was realize his green dream.\"The beauty of flowers and plants mesmerises me. Some time back, I planted saplings of clove and camphor which I had brought from Haridwar. I have plants from all across the country - Puri (Odisha), Darjeeling, Lucknow and Himachal Pradesh , among others,\" he added.His park occupies an essential part in his life. \"Every morning, I spend an hour in my garden. I love to have my breakfast and evening tea here. And there are fruit trees too... my tall papaya tree is loaded with fruits,'' he said.His wife, Kaanta Sharma, a homemaker, said, \"My friends and neighbours like coming to our garden. We usually talk over a cup of tea in our favourite corner.''Atul said, \"I have an ashram on Pakhowal Road and it too has a big garden. I have planted many vegetable and fruit plants there, like bananas, plums, guavas, grapes, mangoes and beetroot, amongothers.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12975120", "title": "Man held for coming to court armed", "text": "MADURAI: Anna Nagar police arrested a youth, who was found with a sword in the Madurai district court premises on Wednesday.The police personnel deployed for security inside the court premises found Dandeeswaran (23) from Vandiyur roaming in a suspicious manner. The police caught him and upon searching him, they found that he possessed a 3.5 feet long sword. He was immediately picked up and taken to the Anna Nagar police station.During interrogation, it was revealed that Dandeeswaran was one among the accused in the killing of a youth over an election-related enmity. Parthiban, son of Pandi from Vandiyur was killed by a gang in January this year and the police arrested its members in this regard. They were later released on conditional bail.Dandeeswaran had come to the court with a sword which he claimed to the police was for his own protection, Anna Nagar police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973394", "title": "Mhada lottery for 2,593 flats on May 31", "text": "MUMBAI: After almost a year's break, the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) will conduct a lottery for the sale of 2,593 flats on May 31. Of these, 1,726 flats are in Mira Road while 867 are located in Sion, Kurla, Borivli and Charkop.It seems Mhada has learnt its lessons as the flats put up for sale are ready for occupation.A majority of the flats belong to the low-income group category and only 172 are for the high-income group. Applications can be downloaded from the Mhada website from May 3. The last date to submit completed application forms in Axis Bank with the earnest money deposit is May 23.The flat winners will have to pay 3.09% as VAT and 1% as service tax in addition to the cost of the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "cuutack/ bhubaneswar", "code": "12974703", "title": "Odisha Premier League cancelled this season", "text": "CUUTACK/ BHUBANESWAR: A day after successfully hosting a match of the Indian Premier League at Barabati Stadium, Cuttack, the Odisha Cricket Association (OCA) on Wednesday came up with some bad news for cricket aficionados, scrapping the second edition of Odisha Premier League (OPL).\"We decided to cancel the second edition of OPL as none of the franchisee owners turned up to renew their contract,\" said OCA secretary Asirbad Behera. The Odisha version of the cash-rich IPL was scheduled in May, but the state cricket body said it cancelled it as not a single franchisee of OPL-1 turned up to renew its contract.\"We fixed April 30 as the last date for renewal of OPL franchisees on payment of the previous year's bid price. Unfortunately, not a single franchise deposited the promised amount,\" added Behera. On the reason behind the franchisee's backing out of the event, Behera said, \"They did not earn any profit. The ten franchisees of OPL-1 purchased the teams to promote cricket and provide an opportunity to budding players. But vigilance and income tax officials unnecessarily harassed them. Hence, they decided pull out of the tournament.\"\"We regret that young cricketers of the state who had developed a keen competitive spirit by participating in OPL-1 will now be deprived of the same,\" Behera said, adding, \"In order to recompense their loss we are trying to find out means which will benefit them.\"Earlier, three of the franchisees, Kashvi Power Rangers, Keonjhar, Puri Emperors and Berhampur Bhanja Veers, withdrew from the tournament alleging harassment by vigilance sleuths. During the first season of OPL, the franchisees had together invested over Rs 20 crore in purchasing teams and procuring players. The highest bid price by franchisee owners was Rs 54.99 lakh.The huge inflow of cash into OPL caught the attention of vigilance and I-T sleuths with allegations of illegal mines and real estate money playing their part doing the rounds. Vigilance and I-T departments subsequently raided some of the franchisee owners. \"OPL was not a profit-making business for us. We were investing in the tournament just to raise the standard of cricket in Odisha but in return we faced interrogation. So we decided it's better to opt out of the tournament,\" said a franchisee owner choosing anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973146", "title": "Mega block on Harbour, this time due to peak-hour snag", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars had a harrowing experience travelling on Wednesday as services were first disrupted on Central Railway's Harbour line in the morning peak hour and then on Western Railway shortly before evening peak hour. While Harbour line trains had to be cancelled till 9.45am due to an Over Head Equipment (OHE) failure at Vashi at around 9am, a point failure at Churchgate around 4pm delayed several WR trains.The frequent disruptions on the Harbour line could be attributed to the inadequate maintenance of the DC system because of operational factors, as well as to a system saturated by expansion in its reach and services. A senior official said, \"We can't get an adequate maintenance block period due to the increase in the number of services. The extended block requires reduction in services, which is not feasible on the Harbour line as it has only two corridors, Up and Down. Unlike on the Main line, we do not have another line where services can be diverted to.\"Harbour line commuters had a tough time reaching office. CR claimed only three suburban services were cancelled while one was partially terminated due to the incident. However, it conceded that services were 25-30 minutes behind schedule till late in the afternoon. A CR spokesperson said, \"Due to this problem, suburban services between Vashi and Mankhurd were suspended from 9.11am to 9.32am.\" The first train after the disruption was only at 9.52am.The Harbour line was extended up to Panvel in 1998. Till a few decades ago, the services ran only between CST and Mankhurd. The official said, \"The length of the Harbour network has increased and so have the services. However, there is no corresponding increase in manpower to maintain the facility. This adverse ratio leads to inadequate maintenance, resulting in increased disruptions.\"CR is also due to switch to the 25KV Alternating Current system before the end of this calendar year. \"In the DC system, the cables used are heavier and thicker. When the heavier cables come in contact with the pantograph, chances of wear and tear are faster. Moreover, unlike AC, the DC system has more components requiring replacement or timely maintenance. Since CR will switch to the AC system by the end of this year, there is a tendency to avoid expenditure to replace damaged components on the DC system. There are also fears that auditors may question premature replacement of products which can be repaired instead,\" the senior official said.But angry commuters demanded better maintenance and services and more accountability. Many were upset with the frequent disruptions even though a major stretch of the Harbour line remains shut on Sundays for maintenance work. Vashi resident Subodh Jaiswal said, \"It was very frustrating to find that all trains going towards Mumbai CST were stalled due to the problem. I reached office two hours late as I had no other option but to travel by road.'' Rakhi Sharma, a Nerul resident said, \"What is the point of suspending services on Sundays if this is what CR is going to dish out on weekdays?\"Subhash Gupta, member of National Railway Users Consultative Council (NRUCC), told TOI: \"Most commuters were forced to take the longer Vashi-Thane Trans-harbour route to get a connecting train to CST. Many had to take buses or taxis to reach their destinations either in Mumbai or Navi Mumbai. In a way, the new Vashi-Thane section has been beneficial for commuters. We want a Vashi-Kalyan route as well, but first such technical problems must be eliminated.\"Another Harbour Line commuter, Avantika Mishra, said: \"At present there are just two tracks for to-and-fro trains between Mumbai and Navi Mumbai. Indian Railways must double the number of tracks, so even if there are OHE wire problems, trains will still be able to run. Wednesday morning was horrible, after suffering the recent Central Railway shutdown due to the signal failure at Kurla.'' Aniruddha Jadhav, a Panvel resident said, \"CR cannot get away by saying it operates only on two tracks. If the infrastructure is inadequate, there is all the more reason to ensure high quality maintenance.\"Several Western Railway suburban services were cancelled or delayed at the onset of evening peak hours following a point failure at Churchgate, which led to several trains being terminated at Mumbai Central. A WR spokesperson said, \"There was a point failure on crossover at Churchgate at about 4pm and the fault was rectified at around 4.30pm. As a result, five trains were delayed and short-terminated at Mumbai Central.\"Commuters had a harrowing experience because of the disruption. Shalini Sharma, a Banda resident said, \"I spent 20 minutes waiting for a train in Bandra. There were announcements about cancellations of two services each in the Up and Down directions. By the time a Churchgate-bound fast local arrived, there was a huge crowd at the platform.\" Borivli resident Anand Kumar said, \"I took a fast train from Borivli at around 5pm. Usually, it takes 30 minutes to reach Dadar. However, the train took moved at an excruciatingly slow pace beyond Goregaon and it took almost 55 minutes to reach Dadar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972236", "title": "When will Nagpur Municipal Corporation cover open drains, manholes?", "text": "NAGPUR: It seems Asi Nagar zone is always on the verge of facing a tragedy.Even a day after TOI reported about a 32-year-old man who had got injuries after he fell into an open drain, the situation on the 'ground' has remained unchanged.On Tuesday TOI visited the site near Power Grid in Nari ward and found out the 'dangerous' drain still open. Residents too complained that the NMC did not cover it despite several reminders.However, the NMC officials and office bearers seem to have slipped into a deep slumber. Reason, hundreds of manholes and drains over sewer lines and storm water drains; without covers, are lying unattended across the city and becoming death traps for motorists and citizens alike.Even, the zone-wise survey conducted by the health department confirmed that the city had around 750 to 800 open manholes and drains in every zone.Sources at NMC's public works department (PWD) said that all zones have been given a fixed budget of Rs 10 lakh each for covering manholes and drains on footpaths. PWD officials have also been directed to cover manholes apart from being asked to identify dangerous ones, open drains and cover them on a priority basis.However, only a few of the open drains and manholes were covered, while many are still uncovered. Asi Nagar Zone's assistant municipal commissioner was not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "12974640", "title": "Baby swap row: Blood samples sent for DNA test", "text": "CUTTACK: The blood samples of the baby girl, infant boy and their mothers were collected on Wednesday for DNA test to resolve the baby swapping controversy at SCB Medical College and Hospital, following the Orissa High Court order.The four blood samples will be sent to Hyderabad for DNA testing. The baby girl is lying abandoned in the hospital's new born unit since her birth on March 30.The controversy started after Susanta Mallick and his wife Rashmita alleged that a baby boy was born to them on March 30 at the hospital but their child was swapped for a girl by the hospital staff.The couple refused to accept the girl and had filed petition in the high court. Susanta had also alleged in the petition that one Nirupama Mallick of Jajpur district had given birth to a baby girl a few minutes before his wife's delivery and both the babies were put on the same tray. So there are chances of the babies being exchanged, he alleged.\"As per court's order, the blood samples of both babies and their mothers were drawn for the DNA test and the samples sent to a laboratory in Hyderabad for DNA test,\" said a senior official of SCB hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973731", "title": "Wood smuggling: Dhaba owners warned", "text": "INDORE: In a move to check smuggling of wood from forest areas, forest department has cracked a whip on the roadside dhabas. On Wednesday, the department officials held a meeting of dhaba owners and asked them to stop using forest woods for their business.SDO Abhay Jain said, \"Dhaba owners have been asked to avoid using forest wood procured illegally for cooking. Instead, they should use babul wood in their stove clays and even try to get cooking.\"The department had even appointed few contractors who were to supply babul woods at Rs 270 per quintal to them. Around 10 trucks of babul wood would be supplied to them, he added. \"Generally, the dhaba owners axe young plants as they are easy to cut and carry. This will have a deleterious effect on the green cover, \"he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12972912", "title": "Farmers allowed to illegally take Narmada water this year", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Facing assembly elections in December, the Narendra Modi government has issued strong instructions to local government officials in the areas where the Narmada canal meanders not to mess with farmers seeking to illegally siphon off Narmada waters by sinking diesel pumps and pipes in the main canal, its branches and sub-branches.\"This year, we've a huge surplus in the Narmada dam. The Narmada canal and its branches and sub-branches are brimming. The flow of water in the Saurashtra branch canal is 15% higher compared to last year. Water can't be allowed to lie idle in the canals. The farmers should be able to freely use it till the remaining network is completed and water reaches agricultural farms via field channels,\" said a senior official.Last year, farmers sank in pipes, some of them five km long, in Saurashtra branch canal between Dhanki and Malia last year, inviting the government's ire. State Reserve Police was called in. The pipelines were removed, and the farmers were asked not to resort to illegal drawl of Narmada water and warned of legal action. \"All this happened in the last week of May last year, but the government can't take any action, as 2012 is an election year. In all, 560 million litres per day (MLD) of water is made available to the Saurashtra branch canal from the main canal. Of this, 460 MLD is being kept reserved for farmers and for drinking purposes in Saurashtra and Kutch, while 100 MLD is being diverted to the industries in Morbi,\" the official explained. \"In order to store more water, the height of the Narmada branch between Dhanki and Malia has been raised,\" the official added. Official figures show that as against 3.55 million acre feet (MAF) of Narmada water available for use a year ago, from July 2010 to June 2011, for the corresponding period July 2011 to June 2012, the dam's reservoir has 5.20 MAF of water.The month-wise utilization, too, suggests that farmers are being offered much more water this year than last year. Last year, alarmed by illegal drawl of water by farmers from the Narmada canal and several of its branches, the state government had decided to come up with a novel project to lay down pipelines which will draw drinking water from main junction points and transmit it straight to the towns and villages which do not get water as a result of water theft.A Rs 3,000 crore project was launched to lay down 400 km long pipeline from Dhanki in Surendranagar district from where water is diverted in the Saurashtra branch. This, it was expected, would ensure that there is no drinking water shortage in summers in Jamnagar, Rajkot and Kutch districts.In 2011, farmers sank in pipes in Saurashtra branch canal, inviting the government's ire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974799", "title": "Karnataka Theological College to publish Kittel's works", "text": "MANGALORE: Have you ever paused to wonder who first undertook the task of painstakingly translating Kannada words into English? It was Rev Ferdinand Kittel, a German-born missionary, who brought out the first Kannada-English dictionary.In a tribute to the Kannada Saint, the Karnataka Theological College (KTC) will bring out the book , 'Complete Works of Kittel' in seven volumes and will have Kittel's works in English and Kannada.KTC professor and director of Karnataka Theological Research Institute Rathnakar Sadananda told TOI that the first volume comprising Kittel's works in English, which was in printing stage, was expected to be released in June.\"The other volumes will be in Kannada. The second volume will have Kittel's edited works including translation of Nagavarma's work on Kannada prosody and also Keshiraja's 'Shabdamanidarpana'. Kittel's Kannada literary work'Kathamale' and collection of poems will find place in the third volume,\" he said.While the fourth volume will comprise Kittel's translation works including 'History of India' and 'History of England' of historian H Moris and 'Christha Sabha Charithre', the fifth volume will have his Kannada grammar, which came out in 1901. The sixth volume will have 'Kavyamale', theme-based poems written by Kittel, while the seventh volume will comprise all religious and spiritual literature, Sadananda said.The college has decided not to include Kittel's dictionary as it is a voluminous work of over 600 pages. It plans to publish letters written by Kittel and other literature related to him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973281", "title": "Speeding SUV overturns, six-year-old boy falls out, killed", "text": "BANGALORE: A six-year-old boy was thrown out of the window of a speeding Toyota Innova and crushed to death under the vehicle, which overturned after hitting the median and a pole on the ramp of Chikkajala bridge on Bellary Road, early on Wednesday morning.The driver, Sunil, suffered grievous injuries and has been admitted to a city hospital.It was around 5.30am. Mohit Gowda was returning to his Rajarajeshwari Nagar residence with his parents and six others, after dropping his US-bound grandparents at Bengaluru International Airport. Mohit was sitting on his mother Reena's lap, behind the driver. His father, Pradeep Kumar, maternal aunt Uma and her son, Rushil, 10, were also in the vehicle.The family was returning after bidding adieu to Pradeep's parents, PN Ramu and Savitramma, who were to emplane to the US to visit their younger son. Ramu and Savitramma had come in the MUV from Mandya earlier on Tuesday.After dropping the elderly couple, the family started back home. There were 10 people, including the driver, in the MUV. Approaching Chikkajala bridge, Sunil lost control over the vehicle, which swerved to the right and hit the median and a pole before turning turtle.Thrown out of the vehicle's open window, Mohit came under the MUV as it overturned. The other occupants suffered minor injuries, while Sunil was injured seriously. Mohit was rushed to Columbia Asia Hospital, Hebbal, where he was declared dead on admission.The child's body was later shifted to MS Ramaiah Hospital for postmortem. The family left for Nagamangala in Mandya district to perform the last rites.Hebbal police have booked a case of negligence against Sunil.Mohit will light up two livesThe light will not go out of little Mohit's eyes; he will help two young children see the world.Mohit's father, Pradeep, a grain merchant and cable TV service provider, donated his son's eyes after the postmortem at MS Ramaiah Hospital. His eyes were sent to Narayana Nethralaya, where they will be transplanted into two kids on Thursday.\"I want my son to live forever. We are glad our son can help someone even in his death,\" Pradeep told hospital authorities, while completing the formalities.Neighbours remember MohitGloom fell over Gowdas' residence, as Mohit's body was brought to his second-floor flat. Residents of the four-storey apartment complex wept, remembering Mohit. Neighbours came to console the Gowdas and were by their side till the family left to perform the last rites.Said Leela Balu, a neighbour: \"He was such a sweet and playful child. He used to make the building lively with his innocent mischief. It's vacation time and all the children of the building used to play in the compound. I cannot believe Mohit is no more.\"Said another neighbour: \"Mohit was a very lovely child. Only last evening, he was playing here with my son. It is unbelievable that my son won't be playing with his friend now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12973946", "title": "Over 200 show solidarity with Sangma at India Gate", "text": "GURGAON: Supporters, friends and family members of Dana Sangma - the 21-year-old student at Amity University's Pachgaon branch, who allegedly committed suicide in her hostel room on April 24 - gathered for a candle-light vigil at India Gate on Wednesday evening.Around 200 demonstrators from various student groups, members of the northeastern community, and a few students from Dana's own university, joined the solidarity movement, which was set rolling through the 'Justice for Dana' Facebook page, which now has over 3,200 followers.Donna Helga, who participated in the protest, said that her cousin never showed any signs of distress, and it was hard to believe that a trivial cheating allegation would drive her to such an extreme. \"We don't know the actual reasons. What happened in the examination hall? And what finally killed her? It's all so murky, and we demand that things should be made clear,\" she said.Dana, a second-semester MBA student was appearing for an exam on April 24, when she was purportedly \"caught cheating\" using her cell-phone, before allegedly committing suicide later that night. \"First of all, she was not cheating. The report says that the phone was found in her pocket on 'switched-on' mode. This isn't cheating,\" said Neeraj Singh, district president, National Students' Union of India (NSUI), who was present at the vigil. Singh added that the NSUI would be holding a large protest against the university management once the forensic reports are out.A group of students were also present at the vigil, who said that they joined the demonstrations against the management, and spoke to TOI on condition of anonymity.\"She was a cool person. Very active... always involved in sports and other activities. Never appeared tense,\" said one of her friends, who lived close to Dana's room in the hostel.Another of Dana's friends said that her exam was in hall number 309, and that once the cellphone was found in her pocket, she was taken out to the main offices. \"We don't know what she was told there. But she was not the one to break down with a mere scolding,\" said another of her colleagues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972725", "title": "Drunk man rapes 65-year-old mother-in-law", "text": "NAGPUR: In an outrageous incident, a drunk man allegedly raped his 65-year-old mother-in-law. The victim, who is a TB patient, filed a complaint with the Koradi police accusing Ramesh Gawhane of committing the heinous act.A father of three, 46-year-old Gawhane, is absconding. Gawhane's daughter got married a year ago. His two sons are studying in ninth and seventh standard respectively. The matter was reported to Koradi police station by the victim's daughter on Tuesday night.The incident took place on Monday night while Gawhane's wife had gone to drop her daughter at her in-laws residence in Katol. The victim said Gawhane returned home heavily drunk at around 11pm.Gawhane was a nuisance in his area, says investigating copKoradi police are looking for Ramesh Gawhane who alleged raped his mother-in-law in an inebriated state on Monday. Gawhane first ruthlessly thrashed his sons and asked them to leave the house. The victim was asleep when Gawhane gagged her and forced himself on her. Police said the boys slept out of the house the whole night.The victim, who was unable to move, narrated her horrifying plight to a woman from her neighbourhood when she came to meet her on Tuesday morning. \"The blood stains on the victim's sari caused her neighbour to suspect something was wrong. The victim broke down and narrated the horrific incident to her. The neighbour immediately alerted Koradi police and the woman's daughter,\" said investigating officer PSI PV Fade.Fade added that Gawhane's wife and neighbours claimed that the accused had become a nuisance in their area. He would abuse and stare lecherously any woman of the area. But as Gawhane's wife was helpful towards others, no one had lodged any complaint against him so far.The victim was admitted to Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital for 15 days. Just a week ago she shifted to her daughter's residence near Godhni railway station.\"The victim's family was not able to afford the rising hospital fee and hence brought her home. The doctors asked her to come for check-up once a week. Therefore, the victim's daughter insisted that she stay with her till her treatment,\" said Fade.Koradi police rushed the victim to IGGMCH. Cops registered a case after the medical examination.In another incident, a 17-year-old girl was allegedly raped by her lover on false promise of marriage. The victim, a labourer at a construction site, lodged a complaint against 24-year-old Sanjay Nehare, a driver at Wadi police station.According to the police, Nehare proposed the girl in front of her parents six months ago and assured them to marry her. However, two days before when the girl's parents asked Nehare about his marriage plans, he refused. The girl with her parents approached the police. Nehare has been reported absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12973978", "title": "Techie ends life by jumping off 4th floor", "text": "GURGAON: An associate vice-president with a Noida-based IT company ended his life by jumping off the fourth floor of an under-construction hotel site on Sohna Road near Malibu Towne on Wednesday. The deceased, identified as 26-year-old Jitendra Jain, was in depression and before taking the extreme step had met his sister in the morning. He was working as an associate vice-president with Mark It, an IT firm in Noida. Jain was unmarried and was living in M2K Apartment on Sohna Road. He was in his sister's place in Malibu Towne on Tuesday night. Around 8am on Wednesday, he had tea with his sister and left her house. After half an hour, around 8.30am Sadar police received information that a person had jumped off the fourth floor of an under-construction hotel site. After receiving the information, Jain's sister and other family members went to the spot and took him to the nearest private hospital, but he could not be saved. Family members said that he was in depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12971894", "title": "Blackbuck killed by dogs in Amgaon", "text": "GONDIA: A blackbuck was found killed by domestic dogs near Manegaon village in Amgaon Tehsil around Tuesday midnight. A forest guard on night patrol found the blackbuck's body near a forest nursery. Three domestic dogs were also seen near the area. Prima facie, it appears that they must have attacked and killed the deer.ACF Shingarde, RFO Udapure and Mukund Dhurve were present when the panchanama was performed.District coordinator of Satpuda Foundation and founder of Nisarga Mandal, Gondia, Mukund Dhurve said that the blackbuck must have gone to the nursery in search of water when it was attacked. He stressed that water holes should be created in the forest. Deputy conservator of forests Gondia AS Rao said necessary steps would be taken immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973975", "title": "Jobless MBA graduate burns self to death", "text": "KOLKATA: A 30-year-old youth, who was missing from his south Kolkata residence for a week, has been found burnt to death in Barrackpore on the northern fringes of the city. Police suspect he set himself on fire because he couldn't get a job despite having an MBA degree.The victim, Rabindra Sharma, was a resident of Kailash Ghosh Street in Haridevpur. An Asutosh College graduate, he completed his MBA around five years ago and joined a private bank but quit in six months after a fight with his bosses. He could not get a job after that and fell into depression, says his family. \"He was undergoing treatment and often went out of home, saying he had an interview,\" said Kamal Sharma, Rabindra's elder brother.His family last saw him on April 25, when he left for an 'interview at Salt Lake'. No one suspected anything. But when he did not return till late in the night, his family lodged a complaint with Haridevpur police station. On theMeanwhile, late afternoon on April 25, locals had seen a youth pour an inflammable liquid on himself and set it on fire near a school on Barrackpore Road, behind the court. Some passersby tried to save him but he was charred within minutes. Police found him with serious burn injuries and took him to hospital but he died on the way.The body remained unidentified for four days. The missing person's squad of Kolkata Police then sent details of Rabindra and it looked like a possible match. \"Barrackpore police called us on Tuesday evening and on Wednesday I identified my brother,\" said Kamal. Additional DCP, Barrackpore, Amit Kumar Singh said Rabindra committed suicide and there is no hint of foul play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12974952", "title": "Veterans steal the show", "text": "MYSORE: Youngsters participated enthusiastically in the second All-India Masters Cross Country Race-2012, a run to save greenery, held at the Oval grounds here.However, it was the veterans who stole show on Tuesday with their zeal.Mysore District Masters Athletic Association in association with the Masters Athletic Federation of India organized the programme.Nearly 500 participants, men and women, from across the country took part in the competitions held in different categories.Vasu, former mayor and Vidya Vikas Educational Institution chairman sponsored the cash prizes to 75+ categories. In the men's above 75+ category, national champion Bhim Singh Ratee from Haryana hogged the limelight.Bhim Singh stood first in the 2km race followed by NB Vasamani of Karnataka and Mohammad Rafique of Chattisgargh who stood second and third, respectively.Bhim Singh stopped athletics in 1974 and later in 2007, he again started to concentrate in athletics.His main events are 200m, 400m, 800m and 1,500 run.\"There is no support from the government. We need to spend from our own pockets,\" Bhim.Bhim Singh will take part in Asian master athletic championship at Taiwan in November.Earlier the event was inaugurated by district minister SA Ramadas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974768", "title": "Government asks Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation to hasten beautification projects", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has asked Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) to kick-start the proposed beautification projects along Biju Patnaik Airport-Nandankanan, AG Square-Governor House and Acharya Vihar-Sainik School routes at the earliest.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik gave the direction while reviewing the progress of BMC's beautification works here on Tuesday.BMC commissioner Vishal Dev said the proposed beautification projects would be taken up in public-private partnership mode. \"Three private companies came forward to spend around Rs 1 crore for the projects. The beautification work along Acharya Vihar-Sainik School stretch would start very soon,\" Dev said.The one-km corridor would be developed with beautiful landscapes and models, describing the popular art, culture and tradition of the state. tnnVastu likely to be in Utkal syllabusWith Vastu gaining popularity these days, the Odisha government is contemplating to make it a part of the curriculum in higher education.State tourism and culture minister Prafulla Samal has asked the culture department to explore the feasibility of introducing Vastu Vigyan in Utkal University of Culture.City-based Indian Vastu Academy's managing director Sudhakar Mishra advocated Vastu's significance in daily life and urged the government to include it in educational curriculum of the university. \"The course can generate employment opportunity for students. It is capable of diversifying one's destiny towards prosperous and peaceful life. People in large numbers are taking Vastu advice for residential, commercial and industrial premises,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12972704", "title": "Debarred from exam, students block traffic", "text": "NOIDA: Traffic on the link road between Sectors 62 and 58, which connects Noida with Ghaziabad and NH-24, was held off for almost half an hour on Wednesday morning after around 100 students of a private institute in Sector 62 staged a protest.The students created a ruckus, blocking the road and staged a protest after they were debarred from taking the semester examinations for not meeting the mandatory minimum attendance criterion. The students staged a dharna in front of the institute demanding that they be given their admit cards.While the institute's administration did not comment, students claimed they were not given any prior notice regarding the attendance shortage. They further claimed that the institute had permitted them to take the pre-university exams held last month in spite of their attendance records not being up to mark. \"The administration had promised to meet us on April 29 after the pre-university exams to come up with a solution. But that meeting was never organized and we were not given any notice informing us that we would be debarred from the exam,\" said Mukesh, a second year student. \"When we reported for the first day of the exam today, we were denied our admit cards,\" he added.Fearing that they would lose a year, the students tried approaching the principal. They claimed that the principal and teachers refused to meet them and even threatened them with punitive action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973444", "title": "Water level down to 9% in 13 major dams", "text": "NASHIK: The gravity of water scarcity in the district has increased with water levels in dams touching new lows - water levels are down to 9% of the installed capacity in 13 major dams in the district. To mitigate the crisis, the district administration has pressed into service 100 tankers to provide drinking water to villagers and at the same time started fodder camps in Sinnar, a senior official said.The water scarcity in the district has brought to mind the situation in 2005, as rivers have dried up and the wells are inadequate in providing enough water. Officials said at present 100 tankers have been pressed into service for the 132 villages and 250 hamlets across 13 out of 15 tehsils in the district.\"It is the beginning of May and the situation is worsening by the day, especially in the villages in remote and hilly areas. Sinnar is worst hit, with 27 tankers providing water to 24 villages and 127 hamlets,\" an official said, adding that considering the situation of the tehsil and the demand, fodder camps have also been sanctioned there. \"The camp will be set up in Dodi and Wavi and will be handled by the Sinnar agriculture produce committee,\" the official said.The district administration has already announced 581 villages which have recorded paisewari (literally meaning 'value of the crop', where growth of crops is compared to average percentage of growth in the last ten years) less than 50 paise. The same has been updated and sent to the state government, which is also closely monitoring the situation here, the official said.The district last saw rains in the month of September as against November, which forced the administration to release water from the dams in the month of December as against late January. This took a toll on levels of stored water, which led to falling water levels in all the dams.Water tankersTehsil -Village - Hamlets - TankersPeth 6 12 4Dindori 1 2 2Igatpuri 6 0 5Trimbak 7 55 14Niphad 1 0 1Sinnar 24 127 27Yeola 21 2 6Malegaon 3 0 3Nandgaon 12 28 10Chandwad 18 6 5Baglan 12 2 9Surgana 9 7 5Devla 12 9 9Total 132 250 100Available water in major damsDams Available water (MCFT*) Average (past five years)Darna 38 53Gangapur 36 71Kadwa 2 8Mukane 28 41Bhavli 4 3Palkhed 2 3Karanjwan 12 37Waghad 4 11Ozharkhed 1 16*million cubic feet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972196", "title": "94 encroachments in Asi Nagar zone razed", "text": "NAGPUR: The ongoing anti-encroachment drive on Wednesday reached Jaripatka and removed around 94 encroachments from roads and pavements.Residents welcomed the civic body's move and pointed out that due to the indifferent attitude by the NMC, encroachments in north Nagpur are flourishing. \"The coming up of these unlawful entities particularly those set along Jaripatka main road have become nuisance and a serious problem.\"As the squad started its drive from in front of the police station on Nari road, many shopkeepers started removing their encroachments on their own.The residents alleged that the large number of vegetable and fruit vendors have put handcarts to sell there vends because of which the road is shrinking everyday. And with no surveillance from the NMC's anti-encroachment squad, the entire area had turned into haven for encroachers till date. But today they expressed happiness with the anti-encroachment drive in their locality.The squad's two JCB machines and NIT's one excavator razed many encroachments on either side of the Nara crematorium road, Jaripatka police station square, Bhim Chowk to Indora Square.But at the same time, the squad turned blind eye towards encroachments made by cops outside the Jaripatka police station. At least four seized four-wheelers were seen parked on footpaths and roads. Residents too questioned the NMC's drive for sparing the police station.The pavement in front of Jaripatka police station shows just how encroachment is carried out brazenly, they alleged. Due to illegal dumping by cops, the width of around 50ft, had been reduced to merely a 30ft-wide lane. According to residents, these vehicles were there since last one year.The anti-encroachment squad's superintendent MV Ninawe, when pointed out by TOI, advised to ignore this and refused to comment further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "houston", "code": "12974738", "title": "Man drinks own urine for 5 days to survive", "text": "HOUSTON: An American engineering student left forgotten in a holding cell by federal drug agents without food or water for five days said he survived the ordeal by drinking his own urine.Daniel Chong, a student of University of California , San Deigo was swept up into custody with eight others in a DEA raid on April 21 that found 18,000 ecstasy pills, other drugs and weapons.After several hours of questioning, the 24-year-old student said that DEA agents told him that they would let him go and even drive him home. He was then returned to the cell to await release.The student said he languished in the cell as agents outside his Five-by-Ten windowless cell could not hear his cries for help. \"I had to recycle my own urine. I had to do what I had to do to survive ,\" Chong said.Chong said, in frustration, he bit into his glasses to break them and tried to use a shard to scratch \"Sorry Mom\" into his arm to desperately pass time and keep his mind away from the ordeal.The student was finally found on April 25. and taken to a hospital for treatment. A DEA spokesman admitted that Chong had accidentally been left in the cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972973", "title": "Plan for Marathi schools in urban areas in a month", "text": "MUMBAI: Are there any takers for new Marathi schools in Mumbai and other urban areas of the state? The answer will come within a month whenWithin a month, the state will table the master plan for granting permission to set up new government-aided Marathi schools in urban areas like Mumbai, Thane, Navi Mumbai, etc.\"The master plan to grant permission for government-aided Marathi schools in urban areas will be tabled before the state cabinet within a month. Similarly, depending on the need, permission for schools in other languages, except English, will be considered,\" school education minister Rajendra Darda said.Sources in the school education department said the master plan will list criteria like the need of setting up such a school, distance between two schools and population of the area where the school is to be situated. \"The permission for new government-aided schools will be given only after verifying a slew of criteria mentioned in the master plan,\" an official said.Meanwhile in the cabinet meeting on Wednesday, the school education department tabled the master plan to grant permission for starting government-aided schools in rural areas. The cabinet unanimously approved the plan. and urged the education department to table a similar proposal for the urban area.\"The master plan speaks about several criteria for starting new Marathi schools with government assistance,\" the official added.Sources in the education department said nearly 2,300 proposals were awaiting state administrations nod for starting school with government's financial assistance. \"Proposals to start around 650 primary, 1,500 upper primary and 142 secondary schools are pending with the school education department. The cabinet clearance for the master plan of rural areas, will enable the department to clear these long pending proposals,\" a senior official attached to the school education department said.Initially there was a policy where government provided financial assistance for Marathi and other language schools. But later, the process of granting permissions for aided schools was discontinued by the state as students attending Marathi school was declining. However, the government move did not go well with the organisations working in the education field, following which the state government has come out with a master plan for starting new aided schools.As per the statistics available with the school education department there are over 75,000 primary and 20,000 secondary schools in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12975031", "title": "Archaeological Survey of India plans gallery on Harappan civilization", "text": "VADODARA: The excavation branch of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) will soon open a gallery dedicated to Gujarat's Harappan civilization here. This first of its kind gallery will be open for university and school students to know pottery, life style and town planning of Harappans, providing them a glimpse of the civilization that flourished around 5,000 years back in Gujarat.So far, there are only site museums like that at the Harappan site Lothal and the one being developed at Dholavira.\"But these site museums display information related to only those particular sites and the region. Our plan is to display different artefacts excavated from all prominent Harappan sites of Gujarat be it - Lothal, Dholavira, Surkotda, Juni Kuran, Khirsara among others,\" Dr Jitendra Nath, superintendent archaeologist (excavation branch V) of ASI, Vadodara told TOI on Wednesday.This gallery dedicated to Gujarat's Harappan heritage will be opened at the excavation branch at the Vadodara Urban Development Authority (VUDA) building and will have on display photographs of excavations carried out at all the prominent Harappan sites of Gujarat, geographical locations, maps and write ups on these sites for study purpose to help researchers, scholars and students of archaeology.Also, archaeologists who have worked on the field will guide the visitors here.It is worth mentioning here that M S University's Department of Archaeology and Ancient History also an in-house exhibition where artefacts of Harappan civilization have been displayed.\"With Harappan archaeology now an important part of the school curriculum, this gallery would help school students understand the practical aspects as they will get better knowledge after seeing the materials and the artefacts that will be displayed here,\" said Nath.The excavation branch is also planning to hold public awareness programmes at regular intervals in which groups from city-based schools can be involved.\"To support research activities, we will provide details of the Harappan sites in digital format also,\" said Nath, adding that while the work to set up this gallery has already started, the gallery is expected to be opened within a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12975303", "title": "Rabri Devi says her children will join politics", "text": "PATNA: Former chief minister Rabri Devi said that there was nothing new as far as dynastic politics is concerned and her sons and daughters would join politics.\"There is nothing new about dynastic politics and my sons and daughters, too, will be seen in active politics,\" Rabri, who was elected unopposed to the Legislative Council, told reporters after taking the certificate.You can take the example of Sharad Pawar and Karunanidhi whose children are in active politics, Rabri, wife of RJD chief Lalu Prasad , said.She further said that even sons of Bihar agriculture minister Narendra Singh and ruling JD(U) MP Jagdish Sharma have joined politics. \"If anybody from my family joins politics what is new about it,\" she said in reply to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973464", "title": "Onion prices dip on export price talks", "text": "NASHIK: Wholesale onion prices at the Lasalgaon agriculture produce market committee (APMC) in Nashik district has fallen marginally, with both farmers and traders preparing to stock the commodity with the hope that the government would cancel the minimum export price (MEP) and they would get better prices for their crop.The average wholesale prices at the Lasalgaon APMC, Asia's biggest onion market, fell by Rs 20 per quintal to Rs 370 a quintal on Wednesday, against Rs 390 a quintal on Monday, due to a decline in demand. Around 18,000 quintals were auctioned at the Lasalgaon APMC on Wednesday. Sources said neither the farmers nor traders were in a hurry to trade the commodity as the summer variety of onions can be stored for six months, unlike the monsoon variety which is perishable and does not last beyond a month.\"Both farmers and traders have started stocking onions and the farmers who don't have storage facilities are bringing their produce to the market for sale. The minimum export price (MEP) is around USD 125 per tonne and there have been no changes in MEP in the last two months. Farmers are stocking the commodity hoping the government will take a positive decision and remove the MEP and that would help them get better prices. Besides, there is also no pick-up in exports and the traders who already had orders booked are exporting them,\" a senior official from Lasalgaon APMC explained.\"The late kharif crop has ended and arrival of summer crop has begun in the market. The summer crop has a shelf life of six to eight months and can be stored. Hence, farmers, who have storing facilities, store onions. Farmers, who do not have storing facility, are bringing the commodity to the market for sale,\" he said.Meanwhile, activists of Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana on Tuesday staged demonstration in front of the Nashik collectorate seeking the state government to introduce a market intervention scheme (MIS), removal of MEP and an introduction of minimum support price (MSP) for onions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973490", "title": "Quota in promotions: Samajwadi Party government on fast track to implement Supreme Court order", "text": "LUCKNOW: In view of the state employees' threat to launch agitation in protest against the delay in execution of the Supreme Court's verdict declaring caste-based reservation in promotion invalid, the UP government on Wednesday swung into action to work out the modalities for the safe passage to uphold the order.Now the general category candidates, who have been denied promotions in the wake of the clause allowing reservation to SC/ST candidates in promotions enacted by the Mayawati government five years ago, can expect their elevation sooner than expected. Giving a clear hint to this effect, principal secretary to chief minister, Rakesh Garg, told TOI: \"The government is sensitive to the issue and the matter is very much under its serious consideration. The whole exercise undertaken at present was meant to make a safe passage for the implementation of the apex court's order.\"The secretariat on Wednesday witnessed intense activity over the issue with department of personnel and appointment holding rounds of meetings and consultations over the matter with chief secretary, Jawed Usmani and the CM secretariat officers. The government swung into action following the threat issued by the employees to hold agitation over the delay in promotions. Spelling out the agitational plan, president of the Sarvajan Hitay Sarankshan Samiti, Sahilendra Dubey, said that a clarion call had been issued to the employees to hold a protest on May 4 by wearing black strips on their arms. He further said that if nothing happened then a massive demonstration would be held on May 9 in front of the Raj Bhavan. When asked to comment on the proposed agitational plan of employees, Garg said such a situation would not arise as the matter would be taken care of and direction would be issued in this regard shortly.The government however is facing a tricky situation as if it implements the SC order, a large number of those promoted on account of the clause that allowed quota in promotion, would be demoted. The number of such employees would be in thousands and they might include those already enjoying top positions of engineers-in chief and chief engineers in departments like irrigation, PWD, rural engineering, power corporation, which incidentally also consume nearly 60% of around Rs 2 lakh crore annual state budget.On the other hand, thousands others would get elevated to the next higher positions. With the scrapping of the rule '8 ka' that allowed quota, the passage for the promotions of around 100 PCS officers to the IAS cadre would also be cleared. And this would take care of the shortage of IAS officers to a large extent.Incidentally, the resolving the promotional issue was also one of the election promises of the Samajwadi Party and this was why the high expectation of employees from his government. Any delay in the matter was naturally to cause distrust and disappointment among employees, who apparently seemed to have rallied round the SP in the election. Thus the government was also morally committed to meet their expectations and undo the injustice done to them in their promotions.The matter is thus top on the priority for the government, says an official. In all means, according to him, this would be done much before the civic poll for which the notification is expected to be issued some time by the end of this month. With this, the state would come under model code of conduct and then no policy decision like this would be taken by the government until the civic polls are over which might drag over two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973986", "title": "Rain relief in Kolkata after dozen days on sizzler", "text": "KOLKATA: A shower on Wednesday evening washed clean the pungent-smelling and parched city streets. Kolkatans had been sweating in heat and humidity for over two weeks now, but the sudden squall saw several people running out on the streets and getting drenched.Though there has been sporadic rain in isolated parts of South Bengal and in many places in North Bengal in the past few days, the thundershower has been eluding the city for days now. But prediction from the Met office is to be believed, the city will get more of its share of nor'wester within the next 48 hours.The residents of Kolkata already got a taste of it on Wednesday evening. Cool winds blowing at the speed of about 50kmph to 60kmph set the ground for the heavy rain that lasted for about 45 minutes.\"Due to the strong west disturbance in the northern region, moisture entering from the bay was not able to penetrate the Chhota Nagpur region. Hence there was absence of nor'wester in this region. But now we see activities of moisture incursion in abundance. Therefore, we can expect more rain in South Bengal including Kolkata in the next 48 hours,\" said GC Debnath, the director of Regional Meteorological Centre in Kolkata.According to the latest reading by the Doppler radar, active thundercloud formation has been seen around Bankura which lies 150 kilometre to the northwest of Kolkata. Meteorologists feel that chances of squall and heavy thundershowers are higher in places like Burdwan and Suri as compared to the city.But cityfolk need not be disappointed as the Doppler radar has also detected thunder cloud formation around Kolkata. Experts say that these clouds are intensifying gradually. Hence, the prediction of rainfall in the next two days. \"May is the peak season for nor'westers. Therefore we can expect frequent thundershowers in the coming days,\" said Devendra Pradhan deputy general of Meteorology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12974898", "title": "RBI organises literacy camps", "text": "KANPUR: Student Financial Literacy Week was celebrated by RBI during, which bank organised financial literacy camps from April 25 to April 27 at three prominent schools of the city -- Mother Teresa School, Kidwai Nagar, Saraswati Gyan Mandir, Indira Nagar and Dr Virendra Education Centre, Shyam Nagar. This was the first time when RBI instead of conducting such sessions in its premises directly reached out to the students in their schools so as to have a closer interaction with the targeted audience.Vijay Kumar Somdeve, Manager (Personnel), RBI informed that in the camp, officials from RBI Kanpur office briefed the schoolchildren on topics relating to RBI functioning, commercial banking, Indian economy as well as the monetary and fiscal policies.Students were informed about distinguishing features of genuine bank notes, importance of having bank accounts early in their career, said an RBI official. TNN == Power rostering plunges city into darknessKanpur: The severe power rostering taking place in the city for the past couple of days has affected the daily routine of the people. On an average, the city is facing over four hours of power cut. On Wednesday afternoon, the power supply was cut at 12.30pm which was restored at 3.10pm. On Tuesday afternoon, there was no power for nearly three hours. The scenario was not much different on Monday as well.On Saturday night (of the last week), the city faced power cut for nearly 45 minutes. The entire city was plunged into darkness in the name of emergency rostering done to save the grid from tripping. The same had happened on Thursday and Friday night also. There was no power in the city from 11.15pm to 12.15am on both the nights.The Kesco officials claimed that the rostering is being done on the instructions of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL). At times, emergency rostering is also done, but Kesco officials claimed that it is the decision of UPPCL to do so. Apart from this, the unscheduled hours of power cut are adding to the woes of the city people.With mercury rising every day, the use of coolers and ACs has increased manifold. This has led to an increased demand for power. The gap in power generation and power supply has led to power crisis.Importantly, in the records of Kesco, the power cut is done for three to four hours a day, but the fact is that city people are forced to live without power for nearly five to seven hours each day. The snags and the local faults at substations worsen the situation.On Tuesday, Congress legislator, Ajay Kapoor had met Ravindra Kumar, chief engineer, Kesco, to apprise him of the prevailing bleak power scenario in the city. The Congress MLA and his supporters told senior Kesco official to ensure that the extra hours of power cut be discontinued.Instead of conducting power cut for two to three hours, which is designated for the city, the power cut is taking place for over five hours each day. In the name of emergency rostering, everyday power cut for nearly two to three hours is done which is not right, said the Congress MLA.Meanwhile, the irregular power cuts have led to a decline in the industrial production. The members of Indian Industries Association met at IIA Bhawan on Tuesday to protest against the way the rostering is being done. The industrialists discussed that the long hours of power cut in factories has been causing huge losses in the business. They plan to meet the senior Kesco officials and apprise them about the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973952", "title": "Just 1 auto undergoes fitness test", "text": "PUNE: Just one old autorickshaw fitted with an electronic meter approached the Regional Transport Office (RTO) on Wednesday to obtain a fitness certificate.Since Tuesday was a holiday, Wednesday was the first day of implementation of the state government's order, making electronic meters compulsory for old autorickshaws in the city from May 1. The city has around 45,000 registered old atuorickshaws, which are now expected to be fitted with electronic meters before they are taken to the RTO to obtain annual fitness certificate.\"Only one autorickshaw approached for the annual fitness test at RTO's Alandi Road office on Wednesday. On an average, this office undertakes fitness test of about 2,500 to 3,000 autorickshaws every month,\" said an RTO official.RTO officials said that the pace would remain slow in the beginning as the autorickshaw drivers were reluctant to go for electronic meters. It is expected to pick up momentum in the coming days, they added.A senior official said that a similar trend was observed when the government asked the autorickshaws to switch over to CNG. Initially, the response was very low. However, now more than 15,000 autorickshaws fitted with CNG-kits are running on the city roads, he said.The electronic meters will display the exact fare as against the kilometres travelled. According to the government authorities there will be no chances of tampering with the electronic meters. Hence, the commuters will not face problems like overcharging and fast meters.Deputy RTO Sanjay Dhaygude said, \"When an autorickshaw would approach us, along with the annual fitness test, we will also conduct a test of the electronic meter and a seal will be put on it. The meter cannot be tampered with after the seal is put. We have asked our staff to explain the importance of the meter seal to autorickshaw drivers during the test.\"Meanwhile, the autorickshaw federations have demanded a subsidy for electronic meters. Pradeep Bhalerao, treasurer of the Pune City Autorickshaw Federation, said: \"An autorickshaw driver will be spending about Rs 3,200 to replace the mechanical meter with an electronic one. There should be an installment based payment method as autorickshaw drivers cannot spend so much money at one go. The government must also consider giving a subsidy on electronic meters.\"The last week of April was a busy one for the Alandi Road RTO officials due to a sudden increase in the number of autorickshaws approaching them for fitness certificate. Sources from the RTO said that in the last four days of April, about 300 autorickshaws approached the office for fitness test daily, against a daily average of 100 earlier. There was a rush to get the fitness test done before the rule making electronic meters compulsory came into force from May 1.From March 2012, electronic meters were made compulsory for new autorickshaws in the city. So far, 375 new autorickshaws with electronic meters have registered with the RTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12974030", "title": "Court stays doctors' PG counselling", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Wednesday stayed the counselling for admission of working doctors to PG courses and also an earlier order that upheld the state's criteria for 'remote health areas'.Responding to 16 appeals by doctors, a division bench of Justice P K Roy and Justice S Baidya asked the government to file an affidavit on the yardsticks used to identify remote areas. The bench wondered how hospitals in KMDA areas, like Bagha Jatin State General Hospital and M R Bangur Hospital, were identified as remote locations while a hospital in Sandeshkhali, Sunderbans was recognized as located in a developed area. The next hearing is on May 10. However, counselling of doctors who are not working will continue as scheduled from May 3.The appellants had moved Justice Sen's court challenging state government's criteria for selection of remote areas. While issuing the twin stays, one on Justice Sen's order and the other on counselling for working doctors admission to PG courses, The bench also asked the state to indicate how many doctors were working in remote areas in its affidavit which should be filed by May 7. The court fixed the next date for hearing the case on May 10 as the process for admissions to the MD course will conclude by May 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977570", "title": "Abhishek Bachchan to star in Bhojpuri film", "text": "After his father Amitabh Bachchan acted in three Bhojpuri films, son Abhishek is set to follow suit. The junior Bachchan is most likely to appear in the upcoming film of the megastar's make-up man Deepak Sawant.\"One fine day, Abhishek had asked me as to why I am not casting him in my film. The offer to work in Bhojpuri cinema came from Abhishek himself. All I can say is Abhishek will be part of our upcoming Bhojpuri film,\" Deepak Sawant, the film producer told PTI.\"We have a film in place titled, 'Ganga Ramji'...it is a political movie. It is about how a third person, say politician gets benefit from the fight between two politicians. All I can say is that he (Abhishek) would be there in the film,\" he said without elaborating further.Amitabh has already worked with Sawant in three Bhojpuri films -- 'Ganga', Gangotri' and 'Ganga Devi'.'Ganga Devi' a political thriller about women reservation, stars Amitabh Bachchan, wife Jaya, Bhojpuri actors Dinesh Lal Yadav and Pakhee Hegde besides Gulshan Grover in lead roles. The film is set to release post IPL.\"We intend to release the film after IPL. We do not want to incur any losses with this film. Also, fans are crazy about IPL,\" Sawant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973909", "title": "Bengal borrows Rs 2.5Kcr from market to pay salary and pension", "text": "KOLKATA: Ahead of CM Mamata Banerjee's meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the three-year moratorium and a debt-restructuring, the state has just borrowed Rs 2,500 crore to pay salaries and pensions.Just when the chief minister hopes to find a political answer to Bengal's fiscal miseries, armed with the state's debt records, her borrowing has gone up yet again just to pay salaries and the likes. Sources in the state finance department indicated that Bengal's total borrowings have reached Rs 2,08,382 crore in the last fiscal - up from Rs 1,87,387 crore as on March 2011, barely two months after Mamata took over Writers' Buildings.The state's borrowing has been upped ahead of another crucial meeting in North Block to negotiate on Mamata's demands along with the chief ministers of Punjab and Kerala in the next fortnight. The finance ministry has set up a committee headed by expenditure secretary Sumit Bose which is likely to meet senior officials from the three most debt-ridden states this month. The committee will seek commitments from the states on raising resources and reducing borrowing and non-developmental expenditure.A finance department official explained: \"We had to borrow this amount in April for basic expenses. The borrowing will continue in this manner unless the Centre does something about the state of affairs in Bengal.\" Officials felt that the latest borrowing would help Mamata build her case of inheriting a bankrupt government. But the saddest part is that debt-stressed Punjab and Kerala, which are also seeking a moratorium and debt recast, borrowed only Rs 400 crore and Rs 1,000 crore respectively. Andhra Pradesh borrowed Rs 750 crore and Mizoram Rs 65 crore.Soon after Mamata gave the Centre 15 days to grant a three-year moratorium to Bengal, one of the country's most debt-stressed states along with Punjab and Kerala, Punjab and Kerala followed suit in issuing similar demands.While Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal sought appointments with Manmohan Singh and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy had met the central leadership with his plea that his state should be treated alike and not be discriminated against. He has sought a debt recast of Rs 11,000 crore.Punjab is seeking a waiver on outstanding dues of Rs 22,202 crore from the centrally administered small-savings scheme and moratorium on repayment of the principal and interest on other loans spaced over five years. Punjab's outstanding debt on March 2012 stood at Rs 77,585 crore and its annual interest liability was Rs 6,500 crore.North Block officials have already communicated to Writers' Buildings that Punjab has a stronger case because the state has been striving to raise revenues and cut expenditure. Neither Bengal nor Kerala cared to do so.Mamata, on the other had, has been bent on \"not increasing the burden on common people\" and had gone soft on taxes. She has already written to the prime minister for a debt recast, inclusive of waiver of part of the components, repayable in 20 years. But the sorry state of fiscal affairs has hardly dissuaded her government from spending and creating jobs.On the contrary, responding to a populist call, Mamata had sacrificed revenues on essential items like electricity, LPG and others. Unlike most states, Bengal did not enhance the base VAT from four to five per cent.As a corrective measure, the state recently imposed \"entry tax\". It is yet to be seen if the measure could help boost the tax revenues by the targeted 25% in 2012-13. If the current indicators are of any significance, it will not be an easy task at all.Mamata is confident that the UPA will adhere to her demands even as there is no ready reference of such a debt recast in Indian federal history. Her finance minister seems to have taken a leaf out of the Greek government which has recently averted default, thanks to bailout packages and debt haircuts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12972233", "title": "It\u2019s win-win situation for private colleges in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Private medical colleges are the key beneficiaries of the internship scam that was unearthed in Gandhi Hospital recently when 40 MBBS students were caught forging signatures of various department heads to get their internship certificates. These private colleges make anywhere between Rs 1-2 lakh from each student for issuing NOCs which allow them to do an internship outside. The hospitals attached to private colleges lack patient strength to give students the kind of exposure that they get at a government hospital and neither have the faculty, and so issuing an NOC for a price comes in as a handy option that suits both the college and the student, who prefer to have a Gandhi or an Osmania on their internship certificate.The medical education department's decision to increase the number of seats for externs in government colleges like Gandhi and Osmania from 60 to 200 a few years ago has come as a boon for the private college managements. By issuing 50 NOCs, they make a neat Rs 1 crore.Of the nearly 5,000 MBBS seats in the state, 3,000 seats are under the private sector. Poor patient flow is one of the main reasons why about 35% of the students from private colleges choose to do their internship at the overloaded government hospitals. The hidden agenda is however to evade the strenuous training. Experts note that state-run hospitals like Gandhi, Osmania, Andhra and Guntur Medical College among others enjoy a good reputation of being the prime tertiary care hospitals in the state. Dr A Y Chary, former superintendent of Gandhi hospital, who retired as DME, said the basic criteria for selecting a government hospital was its reputation.\"Gandhi is not just a big name but has got all the departments under one roof unlike other hospitals. Less work and poor supervision due to number of house surgeons has made it a favorite among the community. A good library is also attached to the hospital. So they don't spend time in the wards but sit in the library,\" he adds.Senior doctors say that the present-day house surgeons don't want to get trained unlike those two to three decades back. They say that today, MBBS is only a prerequisite for post-graduation. Doctors maintained that the demand for setting up of private medical colleges is on an all-time high but when it comes to the quality of training, all the existing colleges fail miserably. \"In one of the several MCI violations, none of these colleges are paying stipend to these house surgeons. However, they ensure that they collect Rs 35-40 lakh for a seat,\" laments a professor.Dr M Geyanand, a health expert with Jana Vignana Vedika, further says that more medical colleges in the private sector will further dilute the education and training. \"Instead, the government should set up medical colleges in each of the districts,\" he said. \"Government hospitals are trying to increase the seats but they could not do so due to lack of proper infrastructure. But then how they are training another 200 students from outside besides their own 150 students,\" he questioned. He blamed the large number of students for the drastic decline of standards in the government hospitals.However, private hospital managements say that they are not compelling students. \"People who want to get trained in their parent college are allowed to do so. But when there is an opportunity to do internship in a government college, why can't they make use of it? Hospitals are gaining both ways as managements want to make money,\" says an administrator of a private medical college.When contacted, Dr Vasanth Prasad, director, medical education, claimed that he was not aware about the fee charged for issuing NOCS. \"We are not aware of it and this does not come under our purview. At Gandhi and Osmania, we have given permission for intake of 400 students from outside,\" he said.(This is the last of a two-part series on the internship scam)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12975204", "title": "Rain brings power to Trichy region", "text": "TRICHY: After a long time, citizens of Trichy have been enjoying uninterrupted power supply for the fifth consecutive day from April 28. The people are also surprised by the sudden relief from the power crisis that caused a lot of problems to everyone.According to the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB), the Trichy region that includes the districts of Ariyalur, Perambalur, Pudukkottai, Karur, Thanjavur, Tiruvarur, Nagapattinam and Trichy have been receiving an average of 1,250 MW for the past five days. The supply almost satisfies the demand of 1,500 MW in the region. The increase in the supply is attributed to the power generation from Sengottai Pass, Aralvoimozhi Pass, Coimbatore pass and Palghat Pass.The unexpected change in the schedule has also led to speculation among the residents of these areas about whether the government will henceforth provide uninterrupted power supply even if there is a shortage in power generation through windmills.Reacting to the situation, S Gopalsamy, chief executive officer of Preetham Automation in Ariyamangalam, SIDCO said that industries cannot rely on the power supply by means of windmill. \"We have already switched to diesel generators to run the show despite incurring huge expenses. The government should think of power generations through other modes,\" he said.Another businessman Ve Govindarajulu, state general secretary of Tamil Nadu Traders Federation said that they are really surprised by the change, but at the same time expressed caution that they are aware it will not last long. \"The government should make a move on a war-footing to increase the generation capacity of the existing power projects,\" he said.S Vadivel, an advocate and a member of the Consumer Grievance Redressal Forum (CGRF-TNEB), Trichy said \"We cannot predict nature. So power generation through windmill would be a temporary solution for the people.\"Another member of CGRF-TNEB, Trichy, E Paul Guna Loganath took strong exception to Trichy corporation administration that while the state is reeling under acute shortage of power, its employees are showing a reluctant attitude towards using the street lights. \"Most of the time, the lights remain turned on in broad daylight. Despite taking up the issue with the corporation officials, they turn a deaf ear to the problem. On the other hand, the transmission loss of electricity plays spoilsport due to the non-maintenance of wires for a long-time,\" he said.N Balakrishnan, chief engineer for TNEB, Trichy region told TOI that the power generation through windmill helps in providing continuous power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973132", "title": "Isro's RISAT 1 satellite has Amdavadi heart", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is a lot more of Ahmedabad in India's latest satellite orbiting the earth than originally thought. Space Application Centre (SAC) of Indian Space Research Organization (Isro) of course designs payloads for satellites, but this time a Gandhinagar-based company has built the very heart of RISAT-1, launched last month from Sriharikota.Effectively India's first indigenously built all-weather radar imaging satellite, RISAT-1 uses what is known as the synthetic aperture antenna, which has been designed and built by Sahajanand Laser Technology Limited (SLTL). The antenna captures images of earth using microwave. All previous satellites banked on optical and spectral sensors to capture images, which became ineffective at night and on cloudy days. The latest technology, however, captures images in all weather and light conditions.\"We chose not to make any profit out of this project as it is meant for the country,\" says Arvind Patel, managing director of SLTL. \"The synthetic aperture antenna would have cost the country Rs 10 crore had it been imported from the US or elsewhere. We did it for a tenth of the piece.\"Patel had been selected by TOI to give away the Social impact Award to Vikram Sarabhai Community Science Centre (VSCSC) in the education category on October 2 last year. Patel credits VSCSC with turning him into an innovator from a depressed 14-year-old who had failed his class VII exams.In 2006-07, SLTL, a company with a Rs 100 crore turnover, was first given a contract to build an assembly fixer, which assembled the synthetic aperture antenna. The facility was set up at the company's factory in Gandhinagar . Isro later asked the company to build the antenna itself.\"This is a proud moment for India to indigenously design and develop the best technology at the most affordable price,\" Patel added. \"This successful implementation will boost the morale for future partnerships between Isro and private technology companies.\"RISAT-1 will have a number of uses, including crop estimation, climate estimation and advance warning systems for earthquakes and tsunamis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974734", "title": "Manual scavenging still happens in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Yet another incident of manual scavenging occurred in the city on Wednesday.Two unidentified persons had entered manholes near Town Hall and were cleaning them, when some journalists reached the spot. On spotting the scribes, the duo, drenched in night soil, and the contractor of a nearby Sulabha toilet, fled the scene. The contractor had engaged them to clean the blocked manholes.Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) joint commissioner Srikanth Rao told TOI the contractor and the two men were cleaning the manholes in violation of rules.\"They are not supposed to open or clean underground drainage manholes, as per rules. They should have informed us so we could have sent our jet sucker machine and equipment to clear the blocks in the manholes scientifically,\" he said.Srikanth said a detailed report on the incident had been sought from assistant executive engineer Ganesh. \"We will file a police complaint against the contractor, based on the report,\" he added.Despite having the Karnataka Manual Scavenging (Prohibition) Act in place, the district has witnessed several instances of labourers cleaning UGD manholes and toilet pits manually.Last November, a labourer was found cleaning a manhole near Azizuddin Road in Bunder. Following this, the MCC had taken action against two assistant engineers. In another incident, Kitta Koraga, 55, a worker, had died after he fell into the septic tank of a hotel in Kinnigoli, near Mulky, while carrying out manual scavenging on November 6, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12976914", "title": "Multiplexes get pocket friendly", "text": "In the late 90s, watching films at multiplexes became a fad. It was the one place where the common man could take their partners on a date, a regular college student could celebrate his birthday or the wealthier few could spend their weekend watching a film away from the noisier single theatres.But gradually, the multiplexes that surely had a better revenue model, started replacing the old world single screens. And eventually, visiting a multiplex became more a norm than just the one-off pleasurable deviation. Needless to say, a single movie cost the common man dearly. But not any longer. Mirror has learnt that multiplexes across the country have decided to cut down ticket prices drastically. This is in order to check the drop in footfalls at their cinemas. While the weekend ticket rates have been dropped by 12-15 percent, the reduction on weekdays is as high as 40-45 percent.This new ticket pricing was introduced by one suburban theatre. Seeing a considerable rise in the footfalls at there, most others joined the bandwagon.The new ticket prices are however area specific. A source from PVR told Mirror, \"We started it a while back. Other theatres incorporated the new pricing more recently. At PVR, Juhu, you can watch Avengers for Rs 350 over the weekend. But on weekdays, you can watch the same film for Rs 150. However, at our Phoenix Mills theatre, the same film tickets are priced at Rs 220 on a weekday.\" We learnt that now, a film at Fun cinemas in Andheri that used to cost Rs 290 will now be available for Rs 150.A source from Fun Republic explained why the ticket prices were eventually slashed. \"We observed a rise in the number of people at the ticket windows after Kahaani, Paan Singh Tomar and Housefull 2 released. However, many of them were quite vocal about their dislike for the highticket prices. You can call it a kind of survey. After which most multiplexes decided to cut down the ticket prices,\" said the source.According to Vishal Kapur, Head of Operations and Sales, Fun Multiplexes, \"Multiplexes operate in India in a 60:40 ratio. By this I mean that on weekdays occupancy is 20 units lesser than on weekends. The change in pricing would help us capitalise on the seats that go vacant on those days. It is basically a good way to penetrate a larger market.\"Daisy Lal, the COO of PVR Cinemas did not deny the change in pricing, but refused to elaborate saying, \"It's not in our policy to comment on the ticket rates.\"Devang Sampat, Chief Strategy Officer of Cinepolis Multiplex, which is coming up with two theatres in Thane and Bhandup, said, \"I am aware of this decision. This is how it is abroad. It has now been incorporated in India. We get 80 per cent occupancy on the first three days and far lesser on weekdays. This is the general pattern for most movies. I wouldn't say that the decision has been taken to minimise losses but simply to bring in a new segment of audience on the weekdays.\"Will the multiplexes get greedy again if there's a rise in the footfall on weekdays, we inquired. A top official from an Andheri multiplex (on request of anonymity) said, \"It should remain this way. As things today, there is absolutely no plan to roll back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973995", "title": "Man booked for duping 60 people from Mhalunge", "text": "PUNE: The Hinjewadi police have booked a man for allegedly duping around 60 people from Mhalunge on the pretext of giving good returns on their investments.A complaint has been lodged by Somnath Padale (31), who was duped to the tune of Rs 15 lakh by the suspect.Sub-inspector P N Pawar said that the incident took place between March 2008 and March 2012. The suspect had contacted Padale and asked him to invest money with him. \"He had assured Padale good returns on the investment.\"Padale invested Rs 15 lakh with the man, Pawar said. \"Along with Padale around 60 others from Mhalunge also invested with the suspect. Initially, the suspect used to give them interest on their investments. But, later he stopped paying them and now he is untraceable,\" Pawar said.In his complaint, Padale stated that by using the people's money, the suspect has purchased properties and vehicles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973229", "title": "Central Railways to roll out rake with bio-toilets", "text": "MUMBAI: CR will soon roll out a rake fitted with toilets with eco-friendly technology that will help prevent tracks from getting soiled with human waste. It plans to introduce this technology, developed by Defense Research and Development Organisation (DRDO), in the Mumbai-Varanasi Mahanagari Express.Chief PRO, CR, VA Malegaonkar, said, \"The technology will prevent discharge of solid waste on the track. These bio- toilets contain anaerobic bacteria inside retention tanks and only the gases and water will get released.\" Each coach of Mahanagari Express- the first train to have such a system on CR-will have at least 2-3 bio-toilets. CR already has 268 Controlled Discharge Toilet System (CDTS) toilets fitted on its long distance trains. The solid waste in CDTS gets discharged only when the train attains a speed of 30 kmph.The official said, \"Apart from bringing an end to manual cleaning of tracks, the system will also prevent corrosion of tracks, cables and damage to concrete sleepers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974093", "title": "Decide fast on water meter, bus purchase: Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Tuesday asked the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to make swift decisions on metered water supply and additional buses in the PMPML fleet.Pawar was speaking at a function after launching the PMC's 'city cleanliness campaign' in the name of state's first chief minister Yashwantrao Chavan.\"For the overall development of the city it is necessary that major decisions are taken quickly. The decision on water meters and eco-friendly buses should be taken without any delay. The state government will extend all help to the civic body in this regard,\" Pawar said.Pawar's statement on the water meter issue gains significance on the backdrop that the civic general body on Monday had once again deferred the decision to introduce metered water supply for household consumers. Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak had urged the corporators not to delay the initiative, which is pending since 2007.\"The cleanliness campaign must be taken seriously. The corporators and the civic administration should ensure that garbage collection and overall health and hygiene infrastructure at ward level improves,\" Pawar said, adding that, the PMC has launched this campaign to evoke public participation in garbage management and to keep the city clean.The campaign, with an allocation of Rs 5 crore, was put up by standing committee chairman and NCP corporator Baburao Chandere as part of the Rs 3,633.02-crore draft civic budget for 2012-13.The campaign would be on the lines of the state government's Sant Gadge Baba mission, where people's participation is imperative for maintaining cleanliness. Four cleanest wards of the city will be selected by a committee appointed by the PMC. The first prize would be of Rs 2 crore, second prize Rs 1.5 crore, third Rs 1 crore and fourth Rs 75 lakh. The award money would be used for development works in the ward.Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973829", "title": "Mining policy draft by May-end: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the draft of the new mining policy, which is likely to be ready by May-end, will be kept open for objections and suggestions for 30 days.\"By May-end the drafting of the mining policy will be completed. And since there is no heavy mining activity from June to August, we can throw the mining policy draft open for public suggestion for 30 days. I can't go beyond that. After taking into account the suggestions and objections, we will then formulate the policy before the next assembly session,\" Parrikar told mediapersons.He also said that the high court has granted the government six months time to formulate a new mining policy.Parrikar also said that the government is in the process of modifying Section 27 of the Mines and Minerals Act, by which government will have control on mining transport.Under Section 27 of Mines and Minerals Act, the state government can formulate rules for mining transportation, storage and uploading the ore.There are around 90 operational mines in Goa, which exported around 40 million tonnes last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mananthavady", "code": "12974490", "title": "Kerala to honour tribal personalities every year", "text": "MANANTHAVADY: The Kerala government will honour renowned personalities from various tribal communities in the state every year, said minister for welfare of scheduled tribes and youth affairs P K Jayalakshmi.Addressing the media at Gothrayanam 2012, the national tribal festival which began on Monday, she said 15 personalities have been selected this year. Health minister V S Sivakumar will honour them at a special event, Aadaraneeyam, during the valedictory function of the festival on Friday. The function will be held at a specially arranged Gothrayanam tribal village in the Sree Valliyurkavu temple grounds at Mananthavady in Wayanad district.\"The contribution of people from the scheduled tribe community to the cultural scene of Kerala is immense and the government will recognize them by honouring 10 such personalities every year,\" said Jayalakshmi.Five among the 15 persons to be honoured this year are the brand ambassadors of Gothrayanam. They include Narayan, the first tribal novelist from south India and the author of award-winning novel Kocharethi, tribal healer Appachan Vaidyar of Mananthavady, tribal cuisine expert N Vellan of Ambalavayal, Dr Kamalakshi, the first MBBS holder from the Muduka community in Attapadi, and Eeswaran Kani a, researcher and tribal healer from Thiruvananthapuram.They were selected by an expert panel based on their contributions to fields like arts, sports, traditional knowledge and service to the society.The minister also said tribal healing is gaining popularity among the general public and many youngsters are making a living out of this and the government would extend all possible support to them. This year, the government has so far provided a grant of Rs 10,000 each to 120 traditional tribal healers.The five-day national tribal festival is aimed at showcasing the treasure of tribal art and culture.The Kerala government will honour renowned personalities from the tribal communities in the state every year, Minister for Welfare of Scheduled Tribes and Youth Affairs P K Jayalakshmi has said.Addressing the media at the national tribal festival, Gothrayanam - 2012, which began on Monday, she said 15 personalities are selected this year and health minister V S Sivakumar would honour them at a special function, Aadaraneeyam, during the valedictory function of the festival on May 4, being held in the Sree Valliyurkavu temple grounds at the Gothrayanam tribal village here.\"The contribution of the people from the scheduled tribe community to the cultural scene of Kerala is immense and the government would recognise this contribution by honouring ten such personalities every year,\" she said.This year's list of renowned personalities comprise 15 people, including novelist Narayan, the first tribal novelist from south India, who wrote the award-winning novel Kocharethi; tribal healer Prof Appachan Vaidyar of Mananthavady; tribal cuisine expert N Vellan of Ambalavayal; Dr Kamalakshi, the MBBS holder from the Mullakuruma community from the Muduka community in Attapadi, and Eeswaran Kani from Thiruvananthapuram , who is a researcher and tribal healer. All the five are the brand ambassadors of Gothrayanam.These people were selected by an expert panel based on their contributions in various fields, including art, sports, traditional knowledge, service to the society etc.The minister also said tribal healing is gaining popularity among the general public and many youngsters are making a living out of this and the government would extend all possible support to them.This year the government provided grant of Rs 10,000 each to 120 traditional tribal healers.This five-day national tribal festival, which is aimed to showcase the treasure of tribal art and culture to the societal mainstream, and also to give tribal people a platform to exhibit their skills and talents in various fields, is jointly organised by the Kerala Scheduled Tribes Department and the State Youth Welfare Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12974332", "title": "Neyyattinkara bypoll: Selvaraj will win by 35,000 votes' margin, PC George says", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Government chief whip P C George said the CPM candidate would finish third in Neyyattinkara bypoll while UDF candidate R Selvaraj would win by a margin of 35,000 votes.He also said BJP would strengthen its position by attracting CPM votes. He said leaders like G Sudhakaran should be brought to the helm if CPM has to survive.He challenged the CPM leadership to publicize the P Karunakaran Commission report, which probed the illicit deals in connection with CPM district committee elections in Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974356", "title": "Roof top vegetable cultivation to be launched on May 7", "text": "KOCHI: With the aim of making Kochi self-sufficient in vegetable production, the State Horticulture Mission and the district administration have joined hands with Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana (RKVY) to launch the Vegetable Initative for Urban Clusters.The plan is to encourage cultivation of vegetables on roof-tops or terrace of individual houses in the city. The project, which will be launched on May 7, targets to provide 250,000 vegetable saplings to 12,500 households.In the initial phase the government had allocated Rs 2 crore for carrying out the project. The decision was announced at a meeting convened by district collector, P I Sheik Pareeth on Wednesday.He said that following the initial phase, the project would be extended to other parts of the district, and would reach out to one lakh people. \"Though the exact cost of a unit consisting of 20 saplings is Rs 1,600, it would be provided to each applicant at a subsidised cost of Rs 800. The ratio and nature of sand and bio-fertilizers are prescribed by department of horticulture\" he said.It is informed that each house with a facility for roof-top cultivation is entitled to get one unit. A free booklet on organic farming will also be provided to the applicants.Organizations like the city-based NGO - Better Kochi Response Group (BKRG), Vegetable and Fruits Promotion Council (VFPCK), Ernakulam District Residents Association Apex Council (EDRAAC), Residence Apex Council Ernakulum (RACE) also associate with the programme. The district administration will function as the implementation and monitoring committee. The saplings will be provided on the basis of applications submitted through residents associations.Speaking on the project, BKRG president S Gopakumar said the project would lead to a situation where the city could stop depending on vegetables from neighbouring states. \"It is about food security and safety. People will use pesticide free or chemical free vegetables, and by this Onam, they will be able to start reaping benefits,\" he said.Chief minister Oommen Chandy will launch the project at a function to be held at Maharaja's College auditorium. A training programme on cultivation methods will be provided to selected members who will in turn impart the knowledge to other residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12974214", "title": "Govt's anti-tobacco fiat goes up in smoke", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, Bollywood movies won't have to run a scroll with anti-tobacco messages each time a smoking scene is shown.India has for the time-being shelved a notification that had come into effect on November 14, 2011. The notification had made it mandatory for all new movies that had scenes pertaining to smoking or tobacco use, to provide health warnings at the bottom of the screen all through the duration of the scenes.An RTI has revealed that that the Information and broadcasting ministry has asked the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) to \"maintain status quo and adhere to the certification process as was being done before the issue of latest notification.\"It also asked the Union health ministry 'to keep the notification in abeyance till the time the practical difficulties faced by the film industry are resolved amicably.\"India is the world's largest producer of movies: more than 1,000 films are made in several languages annually. A study conducted by World Health Organization (WHO) and the health ministry had revealed that 76% of Indian movies had tobacco use shown in them and 52.2% of children in India, who had their first smoke, were influenced by tobacco use depicted in movies.\"We are deeply disappointed to learn that the I&B; ministry has issued directives to CBFC to defer the implementation of the rules on the grounds of practical difficulties, overlooking the public health benefits. This stand is unfortunate, especially when there can be no difficulty in implementing these rules,\" said Bhavna Mukhopadhyay from the Voluntary Health Association of India (VHAI).Bollywood's worldwide viewership is estimated to be about 3 million. VHAI says Bollywood movie stars in India have large fan followings and exercise tremendous influence on the behavioural attitudes of adolescents.One of the major influences on the rise of teen tobacco use is the glamorization of smoking in both films and on television. Backed by evidence that smoking in movies causes youth to want to light up, WHO asked countries to enact enforceable policies that would severely restrict such depictions. WHO had recommended that all movies with scenes of smoking should be given an adult rating, with the possible exception of movies that reflect the dangers of tobacco use or that depict smoking by a historical figure who smoked.Studies show that smoking continues to permeate movies, including those rated as suitable for youth. \"Voluntary agreements to limit smoking in movies have not and cannot work,\" WHO had said. It had added, \"Logic and science now support enforceable policies to severely restrict smoking imagery in all film media.\"\"The WHO recommendations are evidence-based and very much needed,\" said Dr Ala Alwan, Assistant Director-General of WHO. \"Tobacco kills more than five million people per year. Each day approximately 100,000 young people take up smoking. Restricting smoking in movies will go a long way towards stemming the tobacco epidemic,\" said Dr Alwan.Studies show that smoking in movies misleads youth into thinking that tobacco use is normal, acceptable, socially beneficial and more common that it really is. Studies also show that such movies rarely portray the harm of tobacco, instead portraying the product as conducive of a cool and glamorous lifestyle.Dr Douglas Bettcher, director of WHO's Tobacco Free Initiative, had said, \"The more smoking adolescents see on screen, the more likely they are to start smoking. These simple policies can save generations of young people from a lifetime of addiction and an early death from tobacco.\"The WHO report also recommends that movie studios should certify that they received no payoffs from tobacco companies to display tobacco products or their use, stop displaying tobacco brands onscreen and require strong anti-tobacco advertisements before all movies that have tobacco imagery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973051", "title": "Over 3,100 IAS, IPS posts lying vacant", "text": "NEW DELHI: The top two All India Services of Indian bureaucracy - IAS and IPS - face a shortage of over 3,100 officers across the country, making it difficult for many states to clear administrative work and post senior cops on the ground to face various internal security challenges.While Indian Police Service (IPS) is short of 1,327 officers, the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) faces shortage of 1,777 officers with maximum vacancy reported from Uttar Pradesh (216), followed by Bihar (128), Madhya Pradesh (118), Rajasthan (112) and Jharkhand (100).Minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy said in Lok Sabha on Wednesday that the Centre had received requests from some state governments for increasing the quota of IAS officers in view of their increased administrative, social and other obligations towards people.The proposals of the state governments were being considered as per the provisions of IAS (Cadre) Rules, which mandate the Union government to re-examine the strength and composition of IAS officers in consultation with the state concerned at an interval of every five years.In his written response to a Parliament question, Narayanasamy said the present strength of the IAS was 4,377 against the authorized strength of 6,154.Other states which reported shortage of IAS officers include Andhra Pradesh (92), Karnataka (80), Odisha (78), Manipur-Tripura (70), Tamil Nadu (69), Punjab (60), Kerala (56), Maharashtra (55), Chhattisgarh (54), Gujarat (52) and Jammu and Kashmir (46).Similarly in IPS, the states have a shortage of 1,327 officers. Union home secretary R K Singh had informed a parliamentary standing committee in April that the actual strength of IPS in the country was 3,393 against the sanctioned strength of 4,720.Citing one of the reasons for this huge vacancy, Singh had told the panel that the government in the past had reduced the number of seats to about 40 or 30 a year. \"For a huge country like ours, recruiting 30 IPS officers a year was not advisable... The number of districts has increased, challenges have increased... The requirements of IPS officers have increased,\" the home secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "joining hands", "code": "12965010", "title": "Celebration of success in Delhi", "text": "Joining hands: It was the meeting of two real estate giants, Ansal Buildwell and the Pivotal Group, that resulted in the launch of Royal Heritage, a royalty themed luxury township in Faridabad. While the former came on board as a project management company, the latter company joined them as promoters and developers. And it was to celebrate the success of the launch that a party was organized in the capital recently. Gopal Ansal, chairman, Ansal Buildwell, said, \"The idea is to offer a whole township comprising banquets, service apartments, gyms, shopping complex, food courts, etc, and that too at an affordable price. As to why we chose Faridabad, the satellite city is growing at a fast pace, both as a business hub and as a residential area.\"Live wires: A dance and music programme was also organized at the do. While the Jaipur Beats band entertained the audience with their jugalbandi on the tabla, flute and various other instruments, the Delhi-based Dare Dazzles group presented some filmi performances to a medley of Bollywood songs. But it was the Dashavatar group that stole the evening - reminiscent of the better known Prince Group, the young men gave an applause-worthy performance nonetheless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972752", "title": "Airport Metro Express a flop, says Metro chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A year after the Airport Metro Express line opened, Delhi Metro doesn't seem to be happy with the performance of the high-speed corridor. In his first interview to the media, new managing director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) made it clear that Reliance Infrastructure - the concessionaire for the line - wasn't meeting Delhi Metro's expectations. \"There are many shortcomings,\" admitted Singh.The frequency of trains, speed of the line, service conditions and even the working style of the concessionaire have not gone down well with Singh. \"We have always maintained that services like the Metro cannot be run merely as a profit making business,\" opined Singh as he rued the low frequency of trains that are endemic to the Airport Metro Express. \"If DMRC had been running it, we would have increased the frequency of trains to 6-7 minutes and not tried to look at profits only. At present, the concessionaire runs the frequency based on profitability,\" said Singh.The frequent change of guard on the concessionaire team has also ruffled feathers, it seems. Singh cited the changed team at DAMEPL - over 60% of the original commissioning team has left - as evidence of a high attrition rate. \"That also has an impact,\" said Singh, while admitting that Delhi Metro too had been seeing several employee movements in the recent past.Regarding the slow speed of trains on the corridor, Singh said, \"We cannot insist on an increase in the speed if the concessionaire cites safety concerns for running the trains at a certain speed,\" said Singh. According to the DMRC chief, R-Infra has opted for a slower 80kmph speed on certain stretches of the corridor due to problems with the rail track, which would impact safety considerations. \"At certain sections of the corridor rail fittings enable the concessionaire to run trains only at a certain speed. Therefore, we cannot insist that the speed be increased, even if originally the corridor had been designed to run trains at 120kmph,\" said Singh. Sections where track specifications don't allow high speed are between the airport and Dwarka Sector 21 as well as other pockets, he said.Singh also said that Delhi Metro had levied one of the highest penalties in India on R-Infra for the delay in the launch of Airport Metro Express. \"We have levied Rs 60.375 crore, of which Rs 43.375 crore have been recovered,\" said the MD.Reacting to the comments, an R-Infra spokesman said, \"Being the first high-speed Metro, checks and balances have been put in place to prevent any untoward incident. All issues related to operations are always discussed with DMRC.\" Calling Airport Metro Express a \"professionally run project\" that is \"at par with international standards\", the spokesman said, \"It is our endeavour to extend superlative airport commuting service to the citizens of Delhi... However, any public private project has to be financially viable. We have a lot of confidence in the long-term viability of this venture. Reliance Metro is committed to running the operations in a smooth and safe manner while providing high quality service to commuters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12974065", "title": "Train ticket examiner remanded for two days, says he is innocent", "text": "KARNAL: The Government Railway Police (GRP) on Wednesday secured two days' remand of train ticket examiner Manoj Kumar , who reportedly assaulted Frank Wilfred, the French national, who was found unconscious on a platform at Karnal railway station, who had boarded Amritsar-bound Sachkhand Express.Though the TTE pleaded innocence, claiming that he was not on coach number S4 and instead, was in coach number S6, at the time of the incident, the GRP managed to get his custody after its counsel told the court that belongings of Frank Wilfred had been recovered from Kumar's possession.The counsel for GRP contended that Frank Wilfred's camera and other belongings had been recovered from Manoj Kumar, who was on duty in coach number S4, when he was assaulted and later abandoned on Karnal railway station in an unconscious state. The TTE's role had also come under scanner as he had failed to inform either the GRP or any of his senior officials about the incident.The GRP had arrested Kumar on Tuesday from Ambala railway station and interrogated him for many hours before producing him in the court.Haryana IG (railways), V Kamraj, said that police were trying to figure out the motive behind the assault. Now that the investigators have been grated two days' to question the accused TTE, they were hopeful of cracking the case soon, he said.Lalit Kumar, investigating officer, said that police also suspected the role of fellow passengers, who might have attacked Frank Wilfred. Identify of these people would be established after interrogating the TTE, he said.Meanwhile, Wilferd was reportedly battling for life at a Chandigarh hospital in a critical condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972827", "title": "HC seeks police chief's reply to PIL against Bhujbal", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Wednesday told the city police chief, joint police commissioner (crime) and additional police commissioner (EOW) to file a reply by June 12 in response to a petition by Sunil Karve, co-founder and trustee of Mumbai Educational Tru-st (MET) questioning police inaction to his complaint against PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal .When the matter came up the state government lawyer said he had no instructions in the matter and the court seeing no urgency posted the matter to June 12 and sought replies. Bhujbal had denied all allegations against him.Karve had filed a complaint with the police chief on February 1, alleging that Bhujbal and his family members, who are also trustees, had misused trust property at the 10-storey building at Bandra (W) in Mumbai and misappropriated over Rs 170 crore. The police had sent the complaint to the charity commissioner for an enquiry, which is on.But Karve, through his lawyer Sayaji Nangre, said Bhujbal is a senior Nationalist Congress Party leader and the home ministry is also under the party's leadership, and hence feared the police would not register a case.He sought directions to the police to register a cheating case against Bhujbal and a CBI or SIT investigation. The court will now hear the matter on June 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974168", "title": "Kochi corporation drafts new rules to regulate tanker lorries", "text": "KOCHI: In a move to ensure good quality of potable water supplied through tanker lorries in the city, Kochi corporation drafted a set of regulations which came into effect on Wednesday.Mayor Tony Chammany convened a meeting with top officials from the Kerala Water Authority, department of health and representatives of Tanker Lorry Owners Welfare Association. Following media reports on the supply of contaminated water in the city, a meeting was held at chief minister Oommen Chandy's chamber.The meeting, convened by the mayor, discussed the suggestions put forth at the meeting and the government order issued in that regard.New rules*All tankers lorries involved in supply of potable water should be painted in blue*Tanker lorries operating within the boundaries of Kochi city should be registered with the corporation and this registration number should be clearly exhibited on the tanker*The registration process will begin from Thursday*Tankers caught operating within city limits without being registered with the corporation will face action*They should depend on water supplied by KWA. They can depend on natural sources only to meet the remaining requirement*Water should be inspected by health department before being supplied to the public*KWA has said that water will be made available from Thammanam, Aluva, Muppathadam and Choondy*Stringent action will be taken against those violating rules. The lorry owners' association will cooperate in these efforts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "12974052", "title": "Man held for torching judge's car during Jat stir", "text": "HISAR: An accused in the infamous Mirchpur violence of 2010 in Haryana - where a Dalit and his physically challenged daughter were burnt alive - was arrested on Wednesday for his alleged involvement in setting the official car of Ravinder Jain, an additional district and sessions judge, Hisar, on March 7, during the Jat agitation that had broken out in various parts of Haryana. He was acquitted after being in jail for 18 months as an undertrial in the Mirchpur case.Sumit Kumar, 22, was arrested on Wednesday following a case registered at the Narnaund police station and was remanded to judicial custody.\"Sumit, along with his father Satyawan and brother Amit Kumar, were involved in the Mirchpur violence. We have evidence of Sumit's involvement in the car burning case.We are on the lookout for other accused in the case,\" said Hisar SP Anil Dhawan.Following a Punjab and Haryana High Court notice, the police had booked an unidentified group for the incident of torching the car during Jat agitation.Meanwhile, Jat Sangharsh Samiti leaders threatened the government to take back cases registered against Jat leaders and agitators or face more agitation.HC asks Delhi govt to appoint prosecutor in Mirchpur caseThe Delhi high court on Wednesday asked the city government to issue a notification for appointing a prosecutor to assist it in hearing appeals against a lower court verdict in the 2010 Mirchpur Dalits killings case. \"The Delhi government is directed to ensure compliance of our earlier order and issue an appropriate notification at the earliest for appointing a public prosecutor in the case,\" a bench of Justice S Ravindra Bhat and Justice S P Garg said.The direction came during the hearing of a batch of appeals of some convicts who have challenged the verdict of the lower court, which last September convicted 15 of 97 undertrials, accused of burning alive a 70-year-old man and his physically challenged daughter at Mirchpur in Haryana's Hisar district. (With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12974782", "title": "Murdoch slams \u2018partisan\u2019 report, vows to emerge \u2018better, stronger\u2019", "text": "LONDON: The focus of the Murdoch phone hacking saga has shifted to Britain's communications regulator Ofcom and the House of Commons after a key parliamentary committee concluded Rupert Murdoch \"was not fit\" to own a major international company.Ofcom is in the process of deciding whether BSkyB - in which Murdoch's News Corporation owns 39% shares - is a 'fit and proper' organization to hold a broadcasting licence in the light of hacking revelations in Murdoch-owned company, News International .If BSkyB fails the test, Ofcom could ask the company to relieve itself of the shares owned by the company and individuals against whom \"relevant misconduct\" has come to light. BSkyB on Wednesday insisted it was a 'fit and proper' company.In an email to 50,000 employees on Tuesday, Murdoch said the company can emerge \"better and stronger\" following the scandal , but added some of the pane's findings are \"hard to read\" , \"unjustified and highly partisan\" . After Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee's report that key individuals employed by Murdoch had misled the committee, a motion is likely to be put to vote in the House of Commons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12974009", "title": "Two more robberies rattle Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after a gang of robbers broke into a house in Salt Lake's AD Block, two more burglaries were reported from the area on Tuesday. The modus operandi of one of the gangs was similar to Monday's robbery at the house of Surinder Singh Dabla, chief manager of Allahabad Bank's Salt Lake BD Block branch. Nobody has been arrested yet in connection with these robberies.A day after a gang of six robbers, including a woman, robbed a house at Salt Lake's AD Block, two more burglaries were reported from the area with the modus operandi in one of them very similar to Monday's robbery at Allahabad Bank's Salt Lake BD Block branch chief manager Surinder Singh Dabla's house. The police is yet to arrest any suspect in the incident and is probing it.to probe the case. They spoke to Dabla and inspected how the robbers had broken into the house. The family is now suspecting a youth who was the family's laundry boy. Police as well as locals believe that the robbers had inside information about the house.On Tuesday, a house in CF Block was burgled after which a laptop went missing. A complaint was lodged at Bidhannagar north police station. While a probe has been initiated, the police have detained the domestic help for questioning.a burglary occurred at a house in CF Block after which a laptop went missing. A complaint was lodged at Bidhannagar north police station. The police detained the domestic maid of the house as a suspect. A probe is on.Another burglary was reported from a house at BH Block on Tuesday night. The house was empty at the time of burglary. The gang, hence, broke open the door and made away with a DVD player. The modus operandi of the miscreants was similar to the robbery at Dabla's house. Police are trying to find out whether it was the handiwork of the same gang.On Tuesday, CID officers visited Dabla's house and inspected how the robbers broke into the house. The Dablas suspect their laundry boy provided information to the gang. A gang of six armed robbers had broken into the house of the Dablas on Monday. After beating up Surinder Dabla and assaulting his wife and children, the gang fled with gold ornaments and cash.occurred at a house at BH Block on Tuesday night. There was nobody inside the house as the miscreants broke open the doors to enter. However, they could only take away a DVD player as nothing much was found inside. The modus operendi of the miscreants who broke into the house was similar to the robbery at Dabla's house and the police is trying to find out whether the same gang was involved in the crime.In the wee hours of Monday, a gang of six had broke into Dabla's house, gagged and beat up him and assaulted his wife and children as the gang fled away with cash and gold ornaments worth few lakhs.Last year the police had nabbed an inter state racket that was involved in the robbery at CF Block. The gang, with the help of local connections was operating in the township.Tuesday's back-to-back robberies proved that police did not learn much from Monday's incident. It has also left the residents jittery. Despite the formation of the Bidhannagar police commissionerate, not much had improved in the last three months, residents complained. They felt police should not only step up vigil but also interact with block associations to know the problems of each block.The back to back robbery and burglary incidents have made the residents jittery. They are feeling as insecure as they used to feel before. Residents said that nothing much have been improved in the last three months since the Bidhannagar police commissionarate was formed. Residents said that the police should not only increase night vigil, they should also start interacting with the block associations to know the problems and security requirements of each of the blocks. In some places, residents complain that the green police only makes a few round in the night which is not adequate.The police had earlier stressed on the need to have a detailed list of domestic helps working in the township. The police had asked all block committees to submit them a list.The Bidhannnagar police commissionerate has been also been laying emphasis on the use of the 'dial 100' system but its loopholes were exposed on Monday itself.Though there are police vigils men keeping vigil at the entry and exit points of the townships during night, criminals are managing to the township during the day. enter during day time and hide after commiting a crime. Quite a few incidents of snatching have ocured in the township in the last few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973511", "title": "Police probe hit-and-run case on Nashik-Pune highway", "text": "NASHIK: A man became a victim of road rage on the busy Nashik-Pune Highway.Ramesh Pandharinath Khairnar (30), resident of Vidhate Nagar was riding his scooter when he was hit by a speeding motorist who fled the scene soon after. The incident occurred at around 11.15 pm near Vijay Mamta Talkies on Nashik Pune Road on April 30. The unidentified motorist fled the scene without informing anyone about the accident.The case is with the Upanagar police.Police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973052", "title": "Widow wins case against insurance firm", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This 70-year-old resident of Thaltej does not accept defeat that easily. When the insurance company that insured her husband's health for several years refused to renew the policy after her husband fell sick, Dharmistha Shah dragged the company to the consumer court. She not only won the case to get reimbursement on her husband's medical expenses of around Rs 5.5 lakh but also got another amount of Rs 65,000 as interest on this amount for the delay in payment.Dharmistha's husband, Amret Shah had a Mediclaim cover of up to Rs 3 lakh from the New India Assurance Company for around 10 years when he fell sick in 2002. He was diagnosed with kidney problems and had to undergo dialysis every 10 days which cost him around Rs 35,000 a month.After this went on for two years, the insurance company refused to renew the policy in 2004. \"We went to pay the premium for renewal, but company officials flatly refused saying that our case had become expensive for them. All requests fell on deaf ears,\" said Dharmistha.At this, they approached the Gujarat State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (GSCDRC). She argued that it was unfair on the part of the insurance company to withdraw from the commitment when the policy holder was in distress. The commission, in 2006, passed a judgment in favour of the policy holder. The insurance company, however, took the matter to the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission ( NCDRC), which also pronounced a judgment in favour of the complainant in 2007.\"I received the judgment that allowed my husband to renew his insurance on the same day of his death,\" said Dharmistha. The same year, the widow knocked the doors of the court. She pleaded that as her husband had the right to renew his policy and was willing to do so, she should be given medical reimbursement of her deceased husband. In 2011, GSCDRC passed a judgment that ordered the insurance company to reimburse the medical expenses of Amret to Dharmistha.Following this judgment, Dharmistha again approached the court seeking interest on the amount of medical claims. The widow won the case once again with GSCDRC passing a judgment ordering the insurance company to pay her interest at a rate of 9 per cent from August 2005 to February 2007 upon the amount of medical reimbursement.\"According to IRDA, insurance companies should carry out the processing of papers and payment of insurance claims within 30 days after the policy holder submits the claim. IRDA also elaborates that the insurance companies are liable to pay interest of 2% higher than the existing interest rates of nationalized banks,\" said SJ Mehta, the attorney who stood on behalf of the complainant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972817", "title": "NDA leaders to meet this week to discuss presidential election", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a tiff with ally JD(U) over declaring the party's views on the Presidential elections, BJP got into a damage control exercise initiated by senior BJP leader L K Advani, after which leader of Opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj spoke to JD(U) chief Sharad Yadav in Parliament on Wednesday morning. NDA leaders are likely to meet later this week to discuss the presidential elections for the first time among themselves.A day after differences surfaced in the NDA, Swaraj on Wednesday met Yadav, who is also the NDA convenor, and is believed to have cleared issues between the two parties that had generated some differences of opinion about the Presidential elections.Sources said, the meeting came about after senior BJP leader L K Advani expressed the view that NDA should not appear to be divided on the Presidential candidate.Differences surfaced in NDA on Tuesday over Swaraj's remarks about opposing Congress candidates including finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and Vice President Hamid Ansari for the Rashtrapati Bhawan.Yadav objected to her statement saying it was not his party's views and the issue had so far not been discussed between NDA partners.After the meeting between Swaraj and Yadav both parties agreed to air their views only after a meeting of the NDA is held to discuss the Presidential polls.BJP chief Nitin Gadkari, while addressing reporters in Indore on Wednesday also spoke of approaching some UPA constituents to discuss a possible Presidential candidate. He complained that the government had not consulted his party, the principal Opposition, so far on the issue. Had it come up with a name of a person, who is independent, impartial and fair to reach a consensus BJP would have considered it, he said.BJP feels that though the party itself does not have the numbers to put up its own candidate, the Congress too is not comfortable with numbers for its own party candidate, which is why it is talking of a consensus candidate.Congress today said it will hold talks with BJP to build a consensus on the Presidential candidate but made it clear that the party was \"not afraid of contest\".\"It is always nicer when we get consensus and could move together. Otherwise, no one is afraid of any contest. We hope to have a consensus. That is our aspiration. If that does not happen then there are other options as per the book,\" party spokesperson Renuka Chowdhary told reporters here.She was responding to questions on whether Congress is ruling out contest for the top job by repeatedly stressing on its desire for \"widest possible consensus\" on the issue.Asked whether Congress was open to talking to BJP to forge a consensus, Chowdhary said, \"You do not achieve anything by not being open. Our hands are always extended... we never said we will not talk to them (BJP).... We will definitely talk to BJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12971492", "title": "Even SRK wants more tickets!", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday promises a humdinger of a match at the Ferozeshah Kotla, the home of Team Delhi, as Shah Rukh Khan's Kolkata come visiting. The prospect of an exciting clash has led to heightened expectation among fans. There's a frenzied clamour for a ringside view of things with the general public and VIPs both looking for coveted tickets or passes.Such is the excitement surrounding the match that even SRK is struggling to get enough passes for his tinseltown friends. This is not surprising given Delhi's hot streak, Sehwag's five consecutive half-centuries and the fact that local boy Gautam Gambhir is at the helm of the rival team, which is also making its presence felt this season. Sources said SRK is still short of 30 marquee tickets even after getting his 25 'compulsory' seats at the Kotla in the high-end corner of the stadium as the team owner of the visiting team.In certain stadiums, the visiting team owners are allotted 50 marquee. Sources indicated that Shah Rukh, himself a 'Delhi boy', even got in touch with IPL commissioner Rajeev Shukla to put in a request for tickets. \"It's really a tough scene as the demand for Monday's match is sky-high,\" a source told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972937", "title": "Gujarat univeristy goof-up has officials sweating", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bloopers at Gujarat University is nothing new. But there couldn't be a bigger goof-up than this one! When none of the Master's of Physical Education (MPE) students turned up for exams on Tuesday, GU marked everyone absent.However, they were in taken aback when all students turned up on Wednesday. Students showed them a \"revised\" scheduled of exams, according to which the exams were to start on Wednesday.After racking their brains for hours, officials got to know that a clerk and an official of physical education department had actually changed the exam schedule! However, they did not care to inform the examination department. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12974984", "title": "Plastic factory reduced to ashes in fire", "text": "KANPUR: Property worth several lakhs of rupees was reduced to ashes in a fire at a plastics factory in Dadanagar Industrial area of the city on Wednesday. Though there were no casualties, the firemen faced hardships in dousing the flames.Several fire tenders from various fire stations were rushed to the factory in Panki but in vain. The fire may have been caused by a short-circuit, sources said. The main shed and some other adjoining structures and fixtures along with machinery and material literally turned into smouldering heaps with concrete buildings also developing cracks at several places.According to chief fire officer, Harveer Singh, the fire, apparently caused by an electrical short circuit, in the factory and the inferno soon engulfed a major portion of the factory. A heavy stock of raw material was totally damaged, according to sources at the factory.When the mishap occurred, several workers were working in the factory but had enough time to rush to safety. The blaze was brought under control after couple of hours and by that time everything reduced into ashes.However, there were some areas in the factory where rubble of burnt material, especially drums containing chemical, were emanating smoke. \"We are keeping an eye and several fire tenders are still stationed on the factory premises to deal with any recurrence of fire,\" a fire brigade official told TOI.\"There were drums containing chemicals dumped inside the factory premises. We were very prompt while dousing the flames as the drum containers could have caused damage to adjoining units,\" said a fire department source. A police official said that the Plastic factory belonged to one Vijay Kumar Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12975119", "title": "Woman jumps to death from sixth floor", "text": "BHARUCH: An unidentified woman jumped to death from the sixth floor of a building in the busy Shaktinath area of Bharuch on Wednesday.Around 2.30 pm, a watchman of the building heard a noise of something falling from the top floor. While searching, he saw the woman's body lying behind the building. He then informed police about the incident.Police have sent the body for postmortem. Police officials said that the girl belongs to a Parmar family from Bharuch and was recently divorced from her husband. She left the house on the pretext of going to a beauty parlour. However, she climbed on the terrace and jumped from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974217", "title": "DP World ready to invest more in International Container Transshipment Terminal", "text": "KOCHI: DP World, which has invested around Rs 1,200 crore for setting up the International Container Transshipment Terminal (ICTT) at Vallarpadam, is ready to invest more as and when the business picks up at the terminal.This was disclosed by CEO K K Krishnadas at a press conference here on Wednesday while giving details on the three-day international seminar on 'New trends in logistics - the gateway to fast track prosperity,' to be held here from July 13.\"We will be proactive in making more investments to expand the capacity of ICTT, as and when the terminal attracts more business. This growth in business will evidently depend on relaxing cabotage rules, which we hope will happen soon,'' Krishnadas later told TOI.Asked what the areas of proposed investment will be, he said, \"ICTT's development has reached only one-third of the originally-envisaged plan. For instance, the keel length is expected to go up from the current level of 600m to 1800m. Similarly, there are only six cranes there, and we have plans to increase them to 18. We will be ready to make investments for such expansions,'' he said.He said ICTT needed more Container Freight Stations (CFS). Currently it had only two CFSs and one more was in the pipeline. \"Ports like Nava Seva have 27 CFSs, Chennai has 20 and Mundra has 10,'' he said.C Unnikrishnan, traffic manager of Cochin Port Trust, who was also present at the press conference, said the port was trying to add to its revenue through the launch of diversification projects like tea trade centre and free trade warehousing zone.\"The seminar is being organized as a curtain-raiser to the 'Emerging Kerala' event, and aims at showcasing the investment opportunities that exist in the state, before global investors,'' N A Muhammed Kutty, chairman of the organizing committee, said.The seminar is being jointly organized by the Kerala State Productivity Council and FALCON Infrastructures Limited. Ministry of Shipping, PSUs like Container Corporation of India, Central Warehousing Corporation, Inland Waterways Authority of India, Cochin Port Trust and Kerala government enterprises like KSIDC, KINFRA and INKEL and department of ports and DP World will support the seminar.KPMG is the knowledge partner of the seminar. Road shows will be conducted in May in various cities in India and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12975966", "title": "Chhattisgarh hostage crisis: Maoists to release abducted Sukma collector today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Chhattisgarh government chopper on Thursday morning left Raipur for Tarmetla, where Maoist guerillas are expected to release kidnapped Sukma district collector Alex Paul Menon, state govermment sources said.Menon is expected to be released in the afternoon.According to TV reports, a Chhattisgarh government chopper, carrying mediators G Hargopal and BD Sharma, today morning left Raipur for Tarmetla, where Maoists are expected to release Alex Paul Menon.The Maoists had issued a statement to the BBC on Tuesday evening, saying on May 3, they would hand over the 32-year-old IAS officer to the two mediators.Tarmetla in Sukma is where the Maoists had killed 76 paramilitary personnel in April 2010.The breakthrough came in the form of an agreement between the two mediators of the Chattisgarh government and the Maoists during their fourth round of talks on Monday. The government has agreed to form a committee to review cases against Maoists in exchange for the collector's release.The committee will become operational within an hour of Menon's release. Without conceding much, the state government extracted a promise from B D Sharma and G Hargopal, mediating on the Maoists' behalf, that they would ensure Menon's safe return within 48 hours, that is, on or before May 2.Sharma and Hargopal appealed to the Maoists to \"consider the proposal favourably\" and ensure Menon's release after signing the agreement along with the government's interlocutors - Nirmala Buch and S K Misra. Buch will chair the committee that will review cases periodically to expedite disposal of maximum cases.The Chhattisgarh chief secretary and DGP will be members of a joint committee that will review all cases pending against Maoists and other tribals. During the review of cases, priority would be given to cases involving tribals of Bastar and surrounding areas. The committee will submit its recommendations to the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977126", "title": "Himesh and Deols together again", "text": "Himesh Reshammiya had been rather close to the Deols till June 2007. That's when his acting debut flick Aap Ka Suroor clashed with Dharmendra , Sunny, Bobby starrer Apne at the box office.Himesh, who had at the time asked the Deols to push the release of their film, had been a bit upset at their polite refusal. But the composersinger-actor is not one to hold grudges for long. Mirror has learnt that Himesh has been signed on to create the music for the Deols' upcoming sequel to 2011 hit Yamla Pagla Deewana.A source close to the project informed Mirror, \"Himesh had asked the Deols to push back the release date of Apne from June 29. He was making his acting debut with Aap Ka Suroor and it was also his mother's birthday. Himesh wanted to get a clear window of a few weeks for his film to run.\"\"However, the Deols had politely refused to comply. It was a big film for them. Himesh, who had even composed the music for Apne had been a bit upset. However, now Himesh has decided to let bygones be. The Deols offered him this project and Himesh readily accepted it,\" the source added.Himesh Reshammiya was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12978644", "title": "Hyd-based Moschip launches PC virtualisation system", "text": "HYDERABAD: Moschip Semiconductor Technology Ltd has launched a personal computer virtualisation system that allows gaming, video streaming and internet browsing on TV.The design services company is in discussions with set top box manufacturers for a possible tie-up to make and market the product, Moschip Chairman and CEO Ramchandra Reddy said.\"This is our first product on the systems side and is based on all the work we have been doing in embedded designing. We will be launching the product in countries like China and the US besides India. Revenues will start coming in by the second quarter of the current fiscal,\" Reddy said in a press conference here.He said the demand for such an integrated product worldwide is about a million units a month. \"Even if we can ship about 5,00,000 units, we will be doing good business. China alone has the appetite to consume about 20 to 30 million units because the adoption levels are high there,\" he added.Moschip posted a net loss of Rs 0.17 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2011 on sales turnover of Rs 2.14 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973144", "title": "Control centre to monitor Phase-III tunnel boring machines", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Metro is planning to keep a close watch on its construction work this time around. It will be setting up a central control centre for tunnel boring machines (TBMs), for the first time ever. Metro chief Mangu Singh said, \"In Phase III, the component of underground corridors is quite high. During peak construction period, around 26 TBMs will be working simultaneously all over the city. We plan to monitor the performance of TBMs in sensitive areas through a centralized control centre, to which all these machines will be hooked up.\"To be connected by GPS, the control centre will keep a close watch on the TBMs, and add an additional safety ring to the existing procedures, Singh said.The centre will be the hub of the various on-going construction sites, added Delhi Metro officials. It's expected to prove challenging, especially as the TBMs are owned by various contractors. Hooking them up on a single server will not only provide an instant look into the construction site but also help the Metro monitor work, especially in sensitive areas like the heritage zones.Singh added the centre would ensure that no harm comes to sensitive structures. Interestingly, in Phase II of the Metro network, only 14 TBMs were used.Singh expressed confidence that all corridors under Phase-III, which connects another 103km of the capital with the Metro, would be completed on time by 2016. He added that all civil tenders on two corridors, Central Secretariat to Kashmere Gate and Jahangirpuri to Badli, have been awarded and contractors have begun work, while the design of stations and alignment in Phase III have been finalized.\"We used the gap we got after completion of Phase-II to prepare ourselves for Phase-III. It is a big challenge. With addition of some corridors, the entire length of Phase-III would eventually become 140km,\" Singh said, adding tenders for the two new corridors - Mukundpur to Yamuna Vihar and Janakpuri (west) to BotanicalGarden - were in the last stages of being either fnialised or awarded.On traffic restrictions in areas of construction, he said Delhi Metro is conducting detailed traffic diversion schemes in coordination with the traffic police, and by engaging a specialized agency. The \"guiding principles\" for traffic management during Phase III are: minimizing dislocation of traffic, improving the geometries, including widening of roads and alternative roads, and deploying adequate trained trafficmarshals.Identifying the middle-level staff as the \"backbone\" for competency building during Phase-III, Singh said Delhi Metro had trained 76 such officers in three batches at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad in specially designed courses.Meanwhile, Singh said that Delhi Metro is reviewing expenses. However, it doesn't have any plans of hiking the fares at present.He also said that they have advertised for the post of the director (projects). The position is expected to be filled by mid-June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973271", "title": "Unnatural death of 2 north-east youth finds echo in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: The unrest over unnatural deaths of two youth from the north-east and allegations of racial targeting found an echo in Parliament when members sought immediate action to check the dangerous trend.The suicide by Dana Sangma in Amity University's Gurgaon campus and alleged murder of Richard Loitam in a Bangalore college triggered concern about the safety of youngsters from the region in metros. Dana's uncle and Meghalaya CM Mukul Sangma has alleged that her niece's suicide was a case of racial profiling.On Wednesday, Lok Sabha MPs flagged the need for quick action against the targeting of people from the north-east. BJP MP Ramon Deka listed cases of rape and murder in Delhi and Gurgaon and even alleged that only strong public demonstration could move police into action in many cases. He sought figures of molestation, rape and murder from the government and asked it to list the corrective action taken.CPM member Khagen Das expressed concern over racial and institutionalized discrimination against people from the north-east. Many other members associated themselves with the issue raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "12973983", "title": "Beach belt traffic congestion: Is parallel road the solution?", "text": "Candolim: Traffic jams are an everyday affair in the busy Candolim-Calangute beach belt. However, while the riotous traffic conditions are offset by a booming tourism industry which benefits the villagers there, the fate of villagers living alongside the approach roads to the beach belt is less than rosy. If residents of Sangolda-Saligao who live alongside the constantly buzzing Chogm road are to be believed, their lives have become traumatic because of the traffic.So one of the first proposals made by Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar after being sworn-in as tourism minister, is the construction of a new 'bypass' road which will totally skirt around the populated areas of these villages. Talking to ToI, Parulekar said that though the proposal is at an early stage, he would like to see it completed before the end of his term.\"It will start from behind Hotel Gautam (located on the left on the Sangolda slope), come to Pilerne Industrial Estate, go across the site of the garbage dump on the Saligao-Calangute plateau and come down on the Calangute side to connect with the present road near the Calangute church,\" he said.But with the proposed road passing through different villages, it could encounter various roadblocks, as has already happened to other proposed bypasses. One reason is that the village panchayats have to approve of any roads. According to Sabina Martins, convenor of the GBA, \"Any road that is passing through a village needs to have the consent of the people. The gram sabha has to approve any plan.\" Consequently, this proposed bypass would need approval from the Sangolda, Pilerne and Calangute panchayats.A similar project which has long been mired in controversy and alleged political rivalry is the proposed 'parallel' road from Sinquerim-Aguada to Calangute because many feel that they present Candolim-Calangute road has become over-burdened with traffic.Because of this, the ex-MLA of Calangute, Agnelo Fernandes had made a strong pitch for a parallel road to ease the traffic congestion. However, the project has been stalled because of various reasons. \"There was objection from the GCZMA because of the mangroves at Sinquerim, some of which had to be cut,\" Agnelo Fernandes informed TOI. \"Then I brought the chief secretary and the then chief minister Digambar Kamat to inspect the proposed route and they suggested a bridge-like structure at the Sinquerim-end. After that there were no developments. Now it's up to the new MLA to take the proposal forward. Actually it's the only alternative,\" he said.The proposed parallel road starts at Sinquerim 'bundh', on the Aguada road, and passes through the vacant kahazan land and fields of interior Candolim and Calangute to connect with the main road near Calangute church. While the GCZMA objected because of the mangroves at the Sinquerim end, the Calangute Panchayat headed by Joseph Sequeira, a long-time rival of Agnelo Fernandes, objected because the road passes through fertile fields.\"A resolution was passed at a Gram Sabha meeting that the road was not needed,\" says Sequeira. \"Why take the road through the fields and 'Arradi' areas? - to give a big road to the migrants who stay in 'arradi'?\" he questions referring to the migrant-dominated areas of 'Arradi' in interior Candolim. He adds, \"Our position is that the existing road should be widened by demolishing the 'illegal' extensions. The PWD Minister had also come and inspected the Baga-Arpora area and proposed a new road from Arpora to Baga through the fields, which also we had objected to. We should not spoil the fields and spoil the natural beauty,\" he says.But there are also many who have been awaiting the construction of just such a road because it would open up business opportunities to them. Some have been waiting since the 1970's when the road was first proposed. Says Flory Fernandes, a long-time resident of 'Borgas (Braganza) vaddo' in Candolim. \"It's a good proposal. It's been there since the Taj was built. But we're still waiting. It will be better if it's done soon. We have been waiting for this since we were children. When the Nerul bridge was built, there were talks of this road once again, but nothing came of it.\"Michael Borges, a resident of neighbouring Dando area, whose house borders the abandoned paddy fields, says, \"A road is always good, but in my opinion the existing road is enough.\" A taxi operator, he says, \"The traffic congestion only happens for a few days during peak season. So the new road is not necessary. Also from the point of environment, it will be bad. Once the road is built there will be shops coming up on the side and that will lead to further pollution. Also tourists tend to dump waste on the roadside, as is happening on the Nerul bridge road.\" Others point out that the Nerul bridge has been built across mangroves.So the traffic chaos and congestion in and around the coastal tourism belt will probably continue until some new roads come or the tourists stop coming.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12974949", "title": "Corporation to act tough on slaughterhouses", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The unprecedented garbage crisis faced by the city is driving the corporation to take a tough stance.Health inspectors have been directed to cancel the licences of slaughterhouses in the city that have failed to process the meat waste on their own.The decision follows three notices the corporation had served on all slaughter houses in the city.\"Earlier we had decided not to renew the licences of shops that do not have biogas plants or any other decentralized waste management units. We had even set a February 28 deadline. But two months since the deadline, only a few slaughterhouses have managed to be self-dependent in terms of waste management,\" said health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha.It is the impending monsoon that has forced the corporation to take a tough stand against the slaughter houses. \"The rainy season is just a month away. There is no sign of the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant re-opening. If we let them throw around meat waste, it could result in serious health hazards,\" said Pushpalatha.In March, owners of the slaughterhouse had moved the high court challenging the corporation's decision not to renew their licences. However, the court had ruled in favour of the civic body.\"The court backed the corporation saying that the slaughterhouses ought to devise measures to manage the waste they produce. The corporation was also asked to extend the deadline and we pushed the deadline,\" said a health official.The health wing of the corporation has had a hard time dealing with slaughterhouses at Kazhakootam, Kumarapuram, Ulloor and Sreekaryam.Despite being served notices thrice, not a single slaughterhouse in these areas have come up with a waste management unit.Some of the owners have been reportedly paying huge sums to local agencies to collect the waste and dump it on the suburbs of the city.\"They found the Chackai-Kazhakootam stretch the ideal dumping ground. The health squad has caught them so many times while trying dump the trash on the NH,\" the official said.The corporation had also relaxed the terms for setting up waste management units. It has been lenient to all those who had complained of space restraints. Some of the shop owners would collect the waste, pack them and transport it to their homes in rural areas where they would dig pits and bury the trash.Meanwhile the shop owners have filed a request to reconsider the decision. \"We plan to fix another deadline for them. In any case, if they fail to comply with the deadline, their licences will be cancelled,\" said Pushpalatha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12971335", "title": "Pakistan desires to expand ties with India: Yousuf Raza Gilani", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Pakistan government desires to expand ties with India in diverse fields, especially trade, while maintaining peace and promoting prosperity in the region, Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani said on Wednesday.\"Pakistan is a peace-loving and moderate country and wants to have friendly and cordial relations with all countries, including India,\" the premier said while addressing a \"special integration camp\" here being attended by contingents of scouts and girl guides from India and Pakistan.\"We expect the same feelings of goodwill from India and certainly India will come up to our expectations,\" he added.The current democratic government under the leadership of President Asif Ali Zardari is making efforts to create an environment conducive to peace and brotherhood in the region, he said.At the same time, the government is taking all possible steps to expand trade and bilateral ties between Pakistan and India, he said.Gilani said he and his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh , during their meetings, had agreed to strengthen friendly ties between the two countries so that they could benefit from each other's economic resources.\"We do not have any aggressive designs against anybody and Pakistan wants to maintain relations on the basis of friendship and fraternity with all the world, including India,\" he remarked.According to the teachings of Islam, the people of Pakistan were peaceful and moderate and desired a secure world, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974812", "title": "Three-week golf training camp ends", "text": "MANGALORE: A three-week summer golf coaching camp for children organized by Corporation Bank in association with Pilikula Golf Club, Vamanjoor concluded at Pilikula Golf Club near here on Tuesday.Ajai Kumar, Chairman and Managing Director of the cit-based bank gave away golf kits to potential golfers identified in the camp from among 54 children. The Bank would sponsor their further training for two years, Ajai Kumar added.Three children, namely Chen, Aishwarya and Yash were identified as young talents with proper 'swing' required for good golfer. CMD also gave away prizes to winners of the tournament held during the camp, namely Saurav, Mohanraj and Viren Hegde Ajai Kumar said that Mangalore is an ideal place for germination of golfers as it is a place of entrepreneurs.He observed that three weeks of golf training has inculcated lot of confidence in the children.Ashwani Kumar and Amar Lal Daultani, executive directors of the Bank gave away certificates of participation to the children who attended the training. Former captain of the Club KC Naik launched the new website of the Club on this occasion.Manoj Shetty, captain of the club welcomed the gathering. Dr Satyajit Rai, proposed vote of thanks. Ravi Chandran, the designer of website also spoke on the occasion. Senior executives of the bank were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978010", "title": "When a crush can land you in trouble", "text": "For the already committed, an infatuation can lead to an emotional traffic jam. Here's how to draw the line between fantasy and real lifeYou are in a serious relationship. But that doesn't stop you from fantasising about that hot bod in the gym or enjoying the special attention of a co-worker. There is nothing wrong with revelling in a minor crush on someone who is not your partner. Such infatuations are way more common than people care to admit. They are also largely harmless.While mental and emotional space are important in a relationship and fantasies only spice up the equation, there is a thin line that a committed person may not cross. If you are not careful , a crush can quickly turn into emotional cheating and worse, an affair.Dr Minnu Bhonsle, consulting psychotherapist and counsellor, says if you are not self-aware things could get out of hand. Crushes, though initially very thrilling, create danger zones. \"You may start hiding your phone, talk in whispers, wonder constantly why he/she has not called or messaged. If you take your mobile to the bathroom it means you want to hide what's going on. These are dangerous signs that you are allowing real life to take a back seat,\" she says.\"It's easy to get carried away by the fantasy of something new,\" adds Malini Shah, counsellor and psychologist. When IT engineer Srinivas Iyer found his team mate appealing, he told his wife about her. The wife took it in her stride. Later, she realised he was texting her furiously after office hours. It's important to take some time off to consider what is making you look for the thrill and decide whether it is worth pursuing or not. The difference of a lifetime lies between acting and not acting on your fantasies. A crush could signal a bad patch in your relationship. It could also be the result of boredom or a symptom of low selfesteem.The testThe first thing to consider is your marriage. \"Couples tend to ignore warning signals and mess up their relationships,\" Bhonsle says. \"I have come across many homemakers indulging in crushes as routine life is monotonous. It adds thrill to a dull life. Sometimes due to hormonal changes they feel good when they are given attention.\" Chances are that you are having compatibility issues. Mediaperson K Reshma says, \"I considered myself a oneman woman. But I subconsciously started looking for options when boredom set in. I started 'allowing' myself to indulge in crushes.\" For Reshma, it was a realisation that something was seriously missing in the existing relationship. \"The very fact that I was looking for solace elsewhere was a wakeup call. If a crush gets serious, I would tell my partner it's not working out with them. There is no point in stretching the inevitable,\" she says.But not everyone interprets a crush as a sign that they need to get out of their relationship. \"A crush becomes a threat to your relationship when you begin to lose trust in yourself. When you reach that point, create boundaries. You'll know you're going too far if you start concealing your interactions with your crush. If you wouldn't want your partner or spouse to hear the conversations you have with your crush because of how intimate they are, you may be crossing a loyalty line,\" Bhonsle says. \"If you want to salvage your relationship, nip the crush in the bud. In case you have gone too far and want to retract, go for relationship counselling.\"Accident proofBut, as with most things, in the case of crushes too prevention is better than cure. Here are a few steps to help in this direction.- Think negative. By definition, a crush involves an idealised picture of the other person. But everyone is human, and even your crush has characteristics that are probably not pleasant. Try to work up some negative energy about the person that you can focus on.- Time travel into the future and visualise the fallout of this crush. If you get involved with this person, how would it affect you and your family? Think about the what-ifs: \"If I do this, then s/he will do that\". Is this pie in the sky worth all the trouble? Try and remember that no one is perfect and just as your current relationship has issues the one you embark upon will have its own. Are your feelings strong enough to withstand the test of time?- Avoid the person. Distance yourself from that person as much as possible. The crush will weaken. In order to sustain our adoration for someone, we generally need to reinforce it by seeing the person. Of course, this isn't always easy to execute but do what you can to minimise contact.- Wait it out. All crushes fade with time. If you can avoid doing something regrettable and keep your feelings in check, eventually those emotions will run their course.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972715", "title": "Raj Thackeray taunts MLAs for Europe jaunt", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Wednesday blasted legislators for planning a foreign jaunt at a time the state was facing severe water and fodder shortage. Nearly 25 legislators plan to be on a 'study tour' of Europe from June 1-15 under the Commonwealth Parliamentary programme. They will visit London , Paris and Switzerland , it is learnt. Thackeray has asked MNS legislators to stay away from the trip. \"These politicians have no shame. They are eager to fly abroad... and taxpayers will pay for their holiday. Such politicians should not be allowed to enter their hometowns. You should boycott them,\" he said at a party conclave.Thackeray slammed the ruling DF government for its failure to tackle water shortage in most parts of the state. The ruling elite has done nothing in the last 65 years to augment Maharashtra's water supply. People have to trek for miles for a bucket of water. Animals are dying because of lack of water. But, those in power have no qualms of conscience,'' he stated.Thackeray instructed his partymen to make arrangements for water tankers and fodder for animals in scarcity-hit villages. I want every MNS activist to reach out to the smallest 'basti' which is hit by water shortage,'' he said, adding, I will randomly visit scarcity-hit areas to see if partymen are on with their relief work.''Alleging that nerarly 6,000 acres of the forest land in Tadoba, in Chandrapur, was set afire recently by contractors to make way for illegal quarrying and mining, Thackeray urged partymen to team up with the wild life activists to protect the flora and fauna in their areas.Tigers are being wantonly slaughtered in forests and their skin is sold abroad. The MNS should gear up to tackle the menace. Join hands with NGOs and wild life enthusiasts to nab contractors who kill tigers and set aflame large tracts of the forest land,'' he stated.Uddhav Thackeray slams Sharad PawarShiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray has lambasted NCP chief Sharad Pawar for organising a protest march in New Delhi on May 16 to highlight the farmers' plight. Instead of holding a protest rally in New Delhi, Pawar should turn his gaze on Maharashtra where the drought situation is alarming,'' said Uddhav while speaking to media-persons in Yeotmal on Wednesday.The Sena CEO said the ruling DF had no right to stay in power as it had failed to provide tackle the worsening water crisis in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12971366", "title": "BMC contractor\u2019s laxity caused kids\u2019 deaths: Police", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after three pre-teen brothers drowned in a ditch dug along the Mithi river in Kurla (West), the police deleted from the case FIR the name of the MMRDA commissioner and charged the BMC instead. The civic body, for its part, fined the contractor who burrowed the ditch Rs 50,000 and sent him a show-cause on Wednesday to explain the security lapses around the site.The ditch in Kapadia Nagar was one among three created by civic contractor Shyam Narayan for storing water for the purpose of building safety walls along the Mithi. According to police officers, Narayan did not follow the standard operating procedure, which requires that BMC project sites be barricaded and security guards be posted there round the clock. It was this lapse, said officers, that led to the deaths of three brothers-Abdul Karim Chaudhari (8), Abdul Rahim (8) and Abdul Aziz (12). The BMC maintained on Wednesday that the contractor had in fact employed security guards but they were not present at the site when the incident took place.The three kids and their brother, Abdul Haq, were playing cricket on Tuesday afternoon on the strip of land between the Mithi and the trenches when the ball fell into one of the ditches. One of the brothers stepped in to retrieve the ball but slipped. Seeing him struggling, two other brothers jumped into the ditch to save him. All three, however, drowned in the trench.The police on Tuesday filed an FIR for 'causing death by negligence' against Narayan and MMRDA commissioner Rahul Asthana. But Asthana's name was deleted on Wednesday after the Kurla police realized that the area where the deaths occurred did not fall under the MMRDA's jurisdiction. In place of Asthana, the BMC was charged in the FIR.\"Early investigations show the civic contractor's negligence cost the lives of three children,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone V) Dhananjay Kulkarni. \"The standard operation procedure was not followed at the project site. Neither did the contractor appoint security guards nor did he put up a fence despite the fact that the work had been going on at the site for the last few years.\"The children's father Abdulla Chaudhari (45) too alleged in the FIR that the civic body had not put up signboards and barricades at the Kapadia Nagar site and that it \"tried to save money by not appointing guards\". He additionally accused the contractor of \"dumping debris in the Mithi river before construction of the retaining wall on the river banks began\".L S Vhatkar, chief engineer, stormwater drains, said: \"We have taken necessary action by penalizing the contractor. He has also been asked to respond to the security lapses.\" Vhatkar added that \"citizens need to be aware of their surroundings. It is indeed very sad that three kids have drowned\".Another senior BMC official argued that citizens have \"little civic sense about construction hazards\". \"In this case, the work has been going on since the last four years and the slumdwellers living around it must have been aware of it. Still, children were left unattended,\" said the official.The three children were buried by their family on Wednesday. Irate residents of Mehboob Chawl at Kalina, Santa Cruz , said they would protest if the police do not take action against \"those responsible for the deaths\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972988", "title": "Wells run dry in villages providing water to Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: In an irony, the villages that supply water to the teeming millions in Mumbai are themselves forced to drink from muddy pits once their wells go dry after monsoon. Three hundred villages in Thane district, where reservoirs like Vaitarna, Tansa and Modak Sagar are located, are deprived of the natural assets that are rightfully theirs amid an acute drought. Reports surfaced last week that two women died of exhaustion from walking miles to fetch water.As horror stories continue to emerge from the state's parched regions of the state, BMC is partnering with a voluntary organization to provide a water tanker a day until the first rain showers arrive. Coordinators of the Yuva Sena, which devised the scheme, are drafting public contributions to extend the distribution to 150 villages.On Tuesday, officials drew the first reserves of water from the under-construction Middle Vaitarna dam to meet the emergency in the hamlets of Jawhar, Mokhada and Shahapur. Two dry wells were filled up and quickly emptied out by 500 villagers who hurriedly lowered their buckets into them.\"The situation is so dire that we are inviting petty contributions too,\" said Yuva Sena member and local corporator Vihang Sarnaik. The estimated cost of a tanker is Rs 4,000 but volunteers have been asked to accept smaller amounts as well. Individual contributors or NGOs can source water by their own means if they want. \"A proper distribution schedule will be drawn up to accommodate donors,\" added Sarnaik.Project coordinator Suraj Chavan hoped this monsoon would alleviate the drought and raise the water table to a level so that it lasts ten months. \"Meanwhile, we shall devise water harvesting projects so that rainwater can be utilized during the dry season,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12975248", "title": "Lawyers upset as high court bars some pleas from vacation hearing", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court registry's decision not to entertain certain categories of criminal original petitions such as quash and direction pleas for urgent hearing by vacation benches has evoked sharp criticism from lawyers.Quash petitions are filed to terminate criminal proceedings pending on the files of police or subordinate courts, while the direction petitions seek court's order to police to register a case or transfer investigation to another agency.The high court, which is on the customary five-week summer recess, is scheduled to reopen only on June 4. During the vacation period, three batches of judges will hold vacation sittings on a total of nine days.On Wednesday, the first day of filing petitions for the vacation hearing, advocates were surprised when the registry personnel refused to accept criminal original matters such as direction and quash petitions. \"Citing instruction from the top, they turned away our juniors saying only bail and anticipatory bail matters would be accepted,\" said a senior lawyer.When contacted, a senior registry official said accepting or rejecting such matters is left to the discretion of the vacation officer of the court. Urgent matters which cannot brook any delay can be brought before the vacation benches, he said.G Mohanakrishnan, president of the Madras High Court Advocates Association, said advocates faced difficulty when vacation courts refuse to take up certain genres of cases. \"We will take up the matter with the vacation judge and vacation officer and urge them to accept all matters , if the urgency clause is fulfilled,\" Mohanakrishnan said.M Anthony Selvaraj, vicepresident, Tamil Nadu Advocates Association, said litigants would be adversely affected by the move. \"Bail and anticipatory bail alone are not urgent criminal matters. Quash and direction matters are filed along with interlocutory petitions for stay of proceedings. No one can say there is no urgency in such cases,\" he said.Advocate Sathyamurthy of Thanjavur said that the Madurai bench of the HC too was refusing such petitions. \"Since morning, scores of advocates and litigants had quarrelled with the registry personnel. All they require is a motion letter indicating urgency in the case. It is their duty to accept the papers and number them, leaving the job of judging if the matter is urgent or not to the judges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973465", "title": "Allahabad high court pulls up CBI over NRHM probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court took the CBI to task for its \"pick and choose approach\" in arresting the accused in the Rs 5,700-crore National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) scam and murders related to it. Annoyed by the unsatisfactory answers of the CBI's investigation officer (IO), the court directed the CBI to furnish the case diary of the investigation on May 7 so that it can assess how the central agency is conducting the probe.The order came on a public interest litigation (PIL), filed by Lucknow-based social activist Nutan Thakur, seeking clarification on the CBI's selective approach in arrests. She cited TOI's April 7 and 21 news reports highlighting that CBI has arrested only the small fish in the NRHM scam while leaving out the influential and the well-connected. The court clubbed this PIL with other NRHM cases already being monitored by it.A division bench of Justice Imtiyaz Murtaza and Justice VC Gupta asked the CBI investigation officer if all the accused have been arrested. The court repeated the specific query on arrests several times. But every time, the IO replied: \"Investigation is underway and the chargesheet would be filed soon.\" Annoyed by the IO's response, the bench remarked: \"Beware of making such statements before this bench or we will pass order stripping you of any investigation in future.\"The court also asked the CBI why sit has repeatedly sought extension of time to complete the investigations.The court also asked the CBI IO what the agency had done in the case till date, on what basis it arrested some of the accused and on what ground it has not touched the others.When the IO could not give a satisfactory reply to court's queries, the latter directed the agency to furnish the case diary so that it can assess the progress.Significantly, it was the high court which asked the CBI in July last year to probe the NRHM scam which is estimated at Rs 5,700 crore. The scam has also claimed as many as six government officers/employees so far which include the murder of three medical officers and three suicides. The allegations are that a couple of officers were killed to prevent them from naming 'bigwigs' responsible for the scam.For about five months, after the court directed the CBI to probe the NRHM scam, there was hardly any progress in the case but just before the UP polls, the agency carried out raids at some places and made a few arrests. The two politicians arrested in the case till date are one-time close aide of Mayawati, Babu Singh Kushwaha, and BSP leader Ram Prakash Jaiswal. The Opposition had described Kushwaha's arrest as a political move by the Congress-led UPA government.Of the 41 accused in the scam, CBI has arrested only 14 so far. Barring Kushwaha, no high-profile accused has been nabbed. No chargesheet has been filed against Kushwaha yet. Pradeep Shukla, who was mission director NRHM when the scam took place, has been named in the FIR but the CBI has only questioned him so far. His wife, also an IAS officer, belongs to a politically influential family. The Shuklas are also said to be close to SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav.The probe was handed over to the CBI following apprehensions that the high-profile accused in the case could influence the UP police but it does not seem to have served the purpose. On January 31 this year, a division bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi, which was monitoring the probe, had pulled up the CBI for its slow pace of investigation. The bench had then also expressed concern that \"big players\" have only been interrogated and let off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972777", "title": "Film ban from Friday but city clueless", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tinted film of any percentage will become illegal on car windows in the city from this Friday and traffic police plans a massive drive to check offenders. However, most Delhiites seem to be confused about the Supreme Court order says.When a TOI team visited several car accessories shops in the city, it found that most car owners as well as shop owners were unclear about the rule that will come into effect from Friday. Car owners were found getting dark tinted films removed from their car windows and replacing them with lighter tinted 'permissible' film. However, according to the SC order no tinted film is permissible in Delhi or the rest of the country any more. , as per the apex court's judgment.Ayush Jain, a freelance accountant and student said, \"I was shocked to hear that even the tinted film of the permissible transparency has been made illegal. I don't understand the logic of allowing car windows tinted by manufacturers, but not tinted film of exactly the same transparency. I have no choice but to remove the tinted film as my exams are starting and I don't want to be harassed by cops. Driving in Delhi though will surely become tough in summer. I have a medical condition which gets aggravated due to sun exposure and had been advised by doctors to put the tinted film.\"While scores of car owners were found getting tinted film removed in a frenzy in Lajpat Nagar, the case was different in Karol Bagh. Kunwar Singh, a car accessories shop owner in Karol Bagh said no customers had turned up to get tinted film mounted or removed at his shop. , \"No one has come to get tinted film placed or removed from us.\"In other shops in the vicinity, car owners were found getting lightly-tinted film on their cars. Jatin Sahni, who was getting the film mounted on his car windows said, \"My father asked me to get the darker tint removed as I may get challaned. So I came to get it within the permissible limit. I had no idea that this too is illegal.\"The Supreme Court judgment has stated, \"We prohibit the use of black films of any Visual Light Transmission (VLT) percentage or any other material upon the safety glasses, windscreens (front and rear) and side glasses of all vehicles throughout the country... The directions contained in this judgment shall become operative and enforceable with effect from May 4, 2012.\"However, the announcement at the Delhi Traffic Police page on the social networking site Facebook has resulted in a volley of angry complaints against the law. Even as some users welcomed the move, dozens claimed that removal of all percentage of tinted film would result in problems during the unbearably hot summer months. Several users also claimed that the traffic police was 'misinterpreting' the ruling.Traffic police is planning a massive drive against tinted glasses Friday onwards. \"In accordance to the apex court's order, we will be prosecuting any vehicle found with tinted film on the window. Irrespective of the percentage of the tinted film, challans will be issued and the tinted film removed immediately. If the vehicle owner resists the removal of tinted film, the car will be immediately impounded,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973267", "title": "Contractors protest, demand payment", "text": "BANGALORE: Exasperated with the BBMP which owes them nearly Rs 100 crore, contractors who have carried out various infrastructure works for Bangalore protested in front of the BBMP office on Wednesday.\"BBMP is yet to pay us the pending bills of works taken up in the past 10 months, that run into crores. Payment must be made at least once in three months. Payment for the months of June, July and August 2011 was held up due to the process of revalidation,\" said G A Srinivas, president of BBMP Contractors' Association.Stating that over 800 files are yet to be revalidated by the Technical Vigilance Committee cell of the BBMP, the contractors said they were ready for any inspection of their works.After an hour of heated debate and discussions, BBMP special commissioner K R Niranjan and chief financial officer SM Ramprasad spoke to the angry contractors and promised that the bills would be cleared at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973642", "title": "Samajwadi Party fields Lathar for Mant bypoll", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party on Wednesday declared Sanjay Lathar as party candidate from Mant (Mathura) assembly seat, which is going to bypolls next month.The party has declared Lathar as its candidate for the assembly bypolls, said SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary. Lathar is also national president of party's Yuvjan Sabha.Many is going to bypoll following the resignation of Rashtriya Lok Dal leader and MP Jayant Chaudhary , who won the seat but later resigned. The bypoll is scheduled on June 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974991", "title": "Car, household goods stolen in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A resident of Sector 2, Dharam Raj has reported about theft of a gas cylinder and a cycle from his residence to police. A case under Section 380 of IPC has been registered in police station 3 Chandigarh and the case is under investigation.A car was stolen from the parking lot of Sector 15 in Chandigarh. Police have registered a case on the complaint of car owner Jit Ram, a resident of Mohali. The car had a Haryana registration number -- HR-51N-5129.In a criminal case registered in police station Sector 31, Kanta, a resident of Ramdarbar, has accused Jaspal Singh, Satpal, Pinder, Kamal and Goldy -- all resident of Sector 20-A of entering in her house by breaking open the locks and stolen household articles.In another case, police arrested Shakti Pal, a resident of Sector 4, Arshad Iqbal, of Hallomajra, and Satish Yadav, of Sector 12, for consuming liquor at a public place. The accused, arrested from near Sector 4, Chandigarh, have been under excise Act in police station 3.len from house; car missing from parking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973808", "title": "Government regularizes jobs of malaria workers", "text": "PANAJI: After a two-year-long fight for the regularization of their jobs, the state cabinet on Wednesday finally decided to give in to the demands of 67 malaria workers employed at the directorate of health services on a contract basis. Speaking to mediapersons, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"The cabinet has approved the long-pending demand of the malaria workers to regularize their services from Wednesday, and the order will be issued after the end of the election code of conduct.\"He added that the decision was in keeping with the assurance given by him to the malaria workers to solve their problem by April 30. The workers, most of whom have been working for around 17 years on a contract basis, have been fighting for the regularization of their services for the past two years.Parrikar clarified that this decision does not violate the model code of conduct which is in force for the panchayat elections and the Cortalim by-election.The workers, who organized themselves under the banner 'Injustice to Malaria Workers Union' (IMWU), had gone on numerous indefinite hunger strikes in protest. The Congress government had given them many assurances of fulfilling their demands but did nothing towards this end.The cabinet also decided to issue an ordinance to implement the Goa barge tax, which was announced in Parrikar's budget speech. The ordinance will be issued by the captain of ports. According to the modified barge tax, the government will now collect 100 per tonne from the existing 90 for a barge with a capacity of less then 1,000 tonnes and 200 from the existing 145, from a barge with a capacity of above 1,000 tonnes. \"The government will earn an additional revenue of 2.5 crore,\" said Parrikar. He added that he has asked for a comprehensive policy on religious structures at the next cabinet meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973227", "title": "Forensic team inspects Loitam's room", "text": "BANGALORE: Moving in to make the final preparations to arrest the assailants who allegedly beat to death Richard Loitam, 19, a five-member team from the Bangalore Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) on Wednesday visited Room 225, on the second floor of 'A' Block of the men's hostel, in Acharya Institute of Technology, on the Hesaraghatta-Chikkabanavara Road.The team, which entered the room around 1pm, examined the bed, books, musical instruments, tables, furniture and materials in the bathroom, including taps and buckets. \"Some samples will be taken to the laboratory for further investigation. A close examination of the room and materials will show whether Richard was beaten up or there was a fight prior to his death,\" forensic sources said.Richard was found dead on his bed on April 17. On the previous night, two hostel mates, identified as Vishal and Syed Afzal, allegedly punched Richard on his face after he changed the TV channel.Three teams on the jobThree police teams are working on different angles of the case. Nelamangala police inspector Prakash is working on the pathology report while Madanayakanahalli sub-inspector GN Nagesh is assisting Prakash and the FSL team. Another team led by Bangalore Rural SP D Prakash is looking into other details, including questioning hostel mates, friends and classmates of Richard.Vasant K Bhat, principal, Acharya Institute of Architecture, told TOI he is shocked over the incident. \"Richard was a first-year student, he regularly attended class and was soft-spoken. Even I want to know the reason behind his death. Police said they would return with the FSL report,\" Bhat told TOI.Hostel turns prisonThe alleged murder of Richard Loitam and frequent police visits has turned 'A' Block of the men's hostel into a prison. Ever since the incident, each time a hostel inmate makes an entry or exit, he has to sign in a register kept at the entrance. The main gate is locked and guarded round the clock.A murder in the premises has shaken the around 300 occupants. The corridors on all four floors are strangely silent -- earlier, it was a regular noisy boys' zone, with students hurrying around. There is unease as the young men move around, none of them ready to talk.However, one of Richard's classmates, who wished to remain anonymous, told TOI there was a scuffle between Richard, Vishal and Syed when Richard changed the TV channel during an IPL match. \"On the same day, Richard fought with another friend for a different reason. Richard had borrowed his Scooty Pep Plus, but met with an accident. The two-wheeler was damaged. Richard and the boy fought when Richard refused to get the Scooty repaired,\" he said, adding, \"Fights are common in hostels, but they never turn offensive. A few weeks ago, there was a small group fight between students from Manipur and Chhattisgharh,\" he added.Suspects under watchThe two suspects whom police are questioning for the alleged attack, have been directed to stay in the hostel. \"They can attend classes but should not leave the campus premises without police permission,\" sources said. The hostel is situated around 300 metres from the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974098", "title": "Clerk dies after consuming poison in college", "text": "PUNE: A 47-year-old clerk of a city-based private college allegedly committed suicide by consuming poison on the college premises on Tuesday morning.The Cantonment police have booked four persons including chairman, principal, general secretary and the registrar of the college under the charges of the abetment of suicide of the deceased, Iqbal Ahmed Khan (47), a resident of Sayyadnagar, Hadapsar. Khan's wife Mubina Khan (40) has lodged a complaint in this regard.Senior police inspector Sushma Chavan of the Cantonment police station said that the incident took place around 10 am on Tuesday. \"While working, he suddenly fell down. His colleagues and other people in the college rushed him to a hospital, where he was declared dead,\" Chavan said.Hospital authorities said that Khan died after consuming some poisonous substance. \"Khan's wife Mubina told the police that the chairman and the other officials of the college used to harass him and verbally abuse him. He was asked to come for work on Tuesday, May 1, despite it being a public holiday,\" Chavan said.Mubina also stated that the college authorities never sanctioned leave for her husband. \"She alleged that in the month of March, Khan had applied for leave for his daughter's examination. But, the authorities did not sanction it. Khan had submitted a leave application and had taken leave during the examination. However, the authorities treated his leave as without pay,\" Chavan said.Frustrated by the harassment, Khan allegedly committed suicide. \"We did not find any suicide note on Khan's body. We booked the four persons after Khan's wife lodged a complaint. We are investigating further,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12971971", "title": "MMA fighter must have heart: Daniel Issac", "text": "NEW DELHI: Has watching those MMA fighters on the telly left you feeling eager to know more? Do you think you could fight and pummel with your wits about you if given a shot? Daniel Issac, COO of the Super Fight League, says it's not merely natural skill or talent that they look for in people who want to be fighters.\"It's not just about talent or technique. We look for people who have the heart for a fight,\" Issac, a former kickboxing champion, states. \"Every fighter is born with the 'eye of the tiger' and people in the fight business can recognize and spot it easily. A fighter cannot relate to a 9 am-5 pm job. To walk into a ring or a cage and fight with another to show who's better, that's a day at the office for him. When we're evaluating fighters, we push them beyond their limits and if they still have the fire in the eyes, we know we've found a fighter,\" he explains.Super Fight League (SFL), which has kick-started the craze for MMA in India, is coming to the Capital on May 6 with a line-up that wouldn't be out of place at any other international competition. To reiterate his point, Issac tells the story of this 100 kg body builder who came to the tryouts in Mumbai. Even after 25 minutes of gruelling exercises, when told he had 25 minutes more to go, the body builder didn't flinch. \"That's what we're looking for,\" says the SFL COO.Another important skill that differentiates a fighter from regular folk is the natural ability to learn and understand moves quickly. \"An MMA fighter needs to improvise on training techniques. If you're going to stick to textbook stuff then you're going to be dead meat on that mat,\" Issac warns.If you're a boxer who's now keen to expand his skill set, then the mixed martial arts - the ultimate test of a fighter's abilities - is perhaps a logical extension but by no means easy. \"I firmly believe that if an Olympic-level boxer fought with a mediocre MMA fighter, the boxer will be on the ground and pounded on the mat within minutes,\" is Isaac's bold statement.To be a good MMA fighter, according to Issac, one needs to be proficient in three areas of fighting - stand up, take down and ground fighting. Since MMA is a mixture of different fighting skills like boxing, wrestling, judo and Brazilian jujitsu, any athlete proficient in one can try and become an MMA fighter. And even if you're just an athlete with no such fighting experience, then just sheer discipline and grit can see you through.But it takes effort, says Issac. \"You need to train hard for six months to a year - six hours daily, six days a week - to become ready for the amateur circuit and after that it could be another couple of years before you can turn pro. It's definitely not for the fainthearted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972965", "title": "Expect three new bus rapid transit system routes next month", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If everything goes according to plans, the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) will have three more routes by June-end. These new routes will take BRTS to Iskcon crossroads, Visat petrol pump in Chandkheda, and Soni-ni-Chawl.The Ahmedabad Janmarg Limited (AJL) wanted to start these new routes by the end of this month, but could not. Now in all probability, the new routes will be added by June-end.The new routes will extend BRTS from Shivranjani to Iskcon crossroads, RTO to Visat petrol pump, and from Odhav to Soni-ni-Chawl. Officials said that the last time the BRTS route was extended was on August 31, 2011 when it was extended to Dilli Darwaza. AJL expects to start the trial run on these new routes by mid-June. Officials said that the road resurfacing was almost complete and the work for the construction of the bus stations was going on.The nearly three-km stretch from Shivranjani to Iskcon crossroads will have a couple of bus stands. Along this stretch, there will be no cycle track due to unavailability of space.An AJL official said that they expected to have a good passenger base on RTO-Visat petrol pump route. \"Many people coming from Chandkheda get down at RTO to go towards Shahibaug and Meghaninagar, Odhav and Naroda,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973702", "title": "Babulal Gaur blames Congress for power dues", "text": "INDORE: A day after the dispute between Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) and MP Western Region Power Distribution Company (discom) over payment of outstanding electricity bills affecting water supply to the city, state urban development minister Babulal Gaur put the onus of the huge power bill dues on the previous Congress government.\"Power bills are pending since the time of the Congress rule. This is not the case only with IMC, all the civic bodies of the state are facing the same problem,\" said Gaur adding that during the Congress government, water supply in cities were handled by the government.The minister said that later the responsibilities were handed over to the civic bodies without settling the dues. Since then, the civic bodies have been paying surcharge over the pending power bill dues which ate up a large chunk of revenue of the civic bodies, Gaur says.Meanwhile, he stressed that the civic bodies will have to pay the power bills of water supply on their own, but the government will try to exempt the surcharge and outstanding dues.Right now, the civic body's power bill dues amount to around Rs 300 crore and it pays about Rs 50 crore in the form of surcharge every year besides the annual power bill.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan also lamented the action of the power discom for discontinuing the power supply. He said that power supply to the civic body would not be disrupted and government would ensure that the city residents got uninterrupted water supply.Earlier, national president of BJP Nitin Gadkari held a meeting with all the heads of civic bodies ruled by BJP and urged them to develop a vision of their respective areas. He stressed to improve civic amenities and asked civic bodies to explore the opportunities to enhance revenue sources through solid waste management and treatment of sewerage water.\"Today nothing is waste, by treating the waste disposed by us, we can keep our area clean and earn revenue as well,\" said Gadkari.President of Madhya Pradesh Mayor Council Krishna Gaur emphasized the need to make changes in the second phase of JNNURM.\"The first phase of JNNURM had lots of anomalies, which badly affected the financial health of the civic bodies,\" said Gaur adding that the Centre should share 80% of the project cost in the second phase of JNNURM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973210", "title": "\u2018NHAI project could submerge rail line\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration of Betul has written to the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) expressing concern that the conversion of National Highway 69 to four-lane highway could submerge the major New Delhi-Chennai railway track.The NHAI okayed a four-lane highway that included NH 69 which connects Nagpur in Maharashtra to Bhopal . The area of concern is a stretch of land near the Jaamthi area.Here, the land that has been acquired for the four-lane project falls under the submergence area of the Kosmi reservoir, which accumulates water from four different river tributaries. On Monday, Betul district collector B Chandrasekhar wrote a letter to the NHAI in this connection.\"The executive engineer of the state water resources department has pointed out a technical flaw in the construction of the four-lane highway,'' Chandrasekhar wrote. The letter explained that with construction of the extended four-lane highway on the submergence land, the excess water from Kosmi reservoir would flow into the adjoining railway tracks and submerge one of the vital train connections of the country.According to him, the flood water from canals and river tributaries during the monsoons are directed into the Kosmi reservoir.After Kosmi reservoir is filled-up, the surplus water flows out into the submergence area which has been acquired by the NHAI for widening of NH 69 into a four lane highway.The collector's letter advised the NHAI to rethink the design and consider construction of a fly-over/bridge instead of a road. This way the surplus water from Kosmi could flow into its regular submergence area with damaging the New Delhi-Chennai railway connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972887", "title": "High court stays probe against Sanjiv Bhatt in Jamnagar case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat High Court (HC) on Wednesday stayed the investigation against suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt in connection with a 22-year-old case of custodial torture in Jamnagar where the cop was posted as assistant superintendent of police (ASP).Bhatt has requested HC to quash the complaint lodged against him 21 years ago and the modification made in its order by the chief judicial magistrate last month. Acting on his petition, Justice Anant Dave issued notice to the state government and stayed the probe till June 22 when further hearing will take place.In this case, Bhatt arrested 13 persons on charges of rioting in Jamnagar on October 24, 1990. Complainant Vijaysinh Bhatti was one of the detainees. They were released on bail two days later, and Bhatti was admitted to hospital on October 29 and remained hospitalized in Jamnagar and Mumbai for the next couple of months.Upon discharge from the hospital, Bhatti approached a magisterial court in January 1991 accusing the cop of custodial torture. The court asked Jamnagar SP to institute investigation into these allegations by an officer above the rank of ASP.In January 2012, Bhatti wrote to the district judge and chief judicial magistrate requesting to speed up the proceedings. On his request, police started the probe once again. Last month, Jamnagar SP filed an application before the magisterial court to modify its order by transferring the probe from ASP to DySP rank officer. The lower court issued notice to Bhatt in this regard.Following these events, Bhatt moved HC demanding quashing of both the orders by the magisterial court. His counsel I H Syed contended that the court's directions issued in 1991 were illegal, as a judicial magistrate cannot issue directions to any police officer other than the officer in-charge of police stations that fall in the territorial jurisdiction of the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973809", "title": "Symbiosis focuses on need to localise clinical research", "text": "PUNE: City-based Symbiosis Institute of Health Sciences has organised a two-day seminar on hospital and healthcare management which will focus on clinical research and the need for its localisation.The seminar will commence from May 4 at the institute's Lavale campus.Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, Rajiv Yeravdekar, director of the institute said, \"Along with hospital and health care management, we have decided to focus on clinical research, which is steadily increasing in the country.\"\"We feel that clinical research should be done locally which would help in developing medicines for the Indian population,\" he added.Sometimes medicines are based on studies conducted in other parts of the world, which may not have desired impact on people here, he added.Speakers from pharmaceutical companies will speak on issues like 'Phases of Clinical Trials' and 'Regulations in Clinical Research' among others.A special session will also focus on adopting IT to extend healthcare to people in remote and rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972484", "title": "Government buys more time to solve Gujjar quota issue", "text": "JAIPUR: The Ashok Gehlot government on Wednesday once again managed to buy time in the Gujjar quota issue by assuring a delegation of the community headed by Kirori Singh Bainsla that it would abide by the recommendations of the OBC commission regarding their quota, but needed four months' time to implement it.\"We will put this before the commission and it will take nearly two-and-a-half months to hear the matter. No sooner a verdict is given by the commission, we will implement it. But for that, we need four months' time,\" said Jitendra Singh, disclosing the details.However, the news of four months' time rattled a section of the community, with spokesperson of Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti Himmat Singh raising a protest and leaving the venue immediately.\"We have already given 15 months' time for deciding on the issue and still matters stand where it was. Even the high court in its order on December 22, 2010, had given the state two months' time for giving quantifiable data for granting SBC status. So how can the government now demand four more months. This is a clear case of the chief minister and Col Bainsla wanting to politicise the issue so as to get benefits in the next elections. After four months, there will be rain and we will not be able to resort to any agitation even if we want,\" said an angry Himmat Singh.Singh also threatened to disrupt meetings that Colonel Bainsla will be holding at various places in the state to make community members aware of the decisions.\"I am resigning from the post of the spokesperson and will now onwards spread the word of Bainsla's selfish motives to members of the community,\" he added.Bainsla and the others too left the minister's residence with a decision that though no agitation would take place in the next four months' time, meetings will be continued to be held at various places on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972805", "title": "Corporators take issue with BMC over water", "text": "MUMBAI: Irrespective of the BMC administration's assurances that there will not be any water shortage this year, corporators cutting across party lines staged a walkout at the civic standing committee on Wednesday. They said the administration had not given them a satisfactory reply when they raised the issue of inadequate water supply in the city.The BMC says there is little likelihood of water cuts this summer. \"Lake levels are high and the water is enough to sustain the city till July 15,\" said a civic official.At the weekly standing committee meeting, corporators complained that despite several appeals during general body as well as standing committee meets, there was lack of seriousness on the part of the BMC administration on the issue of water scarcity.Samajwadi Party corporator Rais Shaikh said that with rising temperatures, the problem of water shortage had worsened in his locality. \"I have time and again told the additional municipal commissioner concerned about this. But there is no continuity in the steps taken by the hydraulics department. Our complaints are resolved only for a day or two. There is no coordination.\"Anuradha Pednekar, Shiv Sena corporator from Kurla (West), said her area is known for chronic water problems. \"Over the past one month, since temperatures have started rising, areas that are at the bottom of supply priority have not received water. We have been complaining over and over down the years. We always get the same assurances, but no action is ever taken.\"When the corporators asked the administration to reply, additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar said there will be no need to impose water cuts. It was then that the corporators, irked by the reply, staged a walkout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974079", "title": "Punjabi pride at Queen's diamond jubilee", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Col Sarpratap Singh and Jaswinder Singh are set to be the flagbearers of Sikh pride in the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebrations 2012, marking the 60 years of reign of Queen Elizabeth II.The two horse riders from Punjab will be representing the Sikh martial race in the three-day Royal Windsor Horse Show (May 10-13) on the grounds of Windsor Palace.The two riders from Punjab will be astride on Marwari horses and will be among 500 horses and 800 international performers from 18 countries (Commonwealth), displaying their equesterian skill.\"It's a big honour to represent Sikhs and be a part of the glorious tradition,\" said Col (retd) Sarpratap Singh.The horses will dance to the tunes of A R Rehman 'Jai Ho' and Raghu Dixit's 'Mysore se Aayi' will pay tribute to Queen Elizabeth II reign of 60 years.The Royal Windsor Horse Show will also celebrate Her Majesty's Diamond Jubilee year and some of the acts from the Diamond Jubilee Pageant will feature in the horse show programme when they will run their full displays in the main arena.Over 3,000 horses and ponies come together at the Windsor Horse Show competing in jumping, international driving, dressage and showing their skills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974187", "title": "I want to reach out to people emotionally: Aamir Khan", "text": "Thinking out of the box comes naturally to Hindi film actor Aamir Khan . So it comes as no surprise that he chose television for his latest experiment, which he hopes will connect him with the masses.\"I end up in tears watching some of the television serials. I do so even while watching certain ads. I never hold back tears. Whenever I feel unhappy I cry, and whenever I am happy I laugh,\" said Aamir letting out the secret behind his television debut.Introducing 'Satyameva Jayate', a real life narrative TV programme based on the lives of people across the country, to the media in Kochi, Aamir said he wanted to connect to the masses emotionally.According to Aamir, it was a question by Uday Shankar, the chief executive officer of the programme that had sparked off the very idea of doing a TV programme.\"Four-five years ago, Uday asked me why I was not doing a TV programme. I lived with that idea for almost two years. Then I discussed it with my friends and they found it interesting. Then I contacted Uday and said I was ready to do a TV programme,\" he said.\"India is a country of languages. If I want to reach out to all Indians, I should talk to them in their language. So we decided to telecast the programme in eight languages. While planning it, Aamir put forward three conditions before Uday. First thing he wanted was that it should be a multiple language programme. His next condition had something to do with one of his teenage habits - watching Doordarshan. \"I wanted the programme to be telecast by Doordarshan also,\" he said.His third demand was on the telecast time. He preferred the Sunday 11am slot, the time TV used to show Mahabharata and Ramayana. \"I don't have any reason for choosing this time. I just followed an intuition,\" he said. Aamir's programme will be telecast in seven regional languages, including Malayalam, and in Hindifrom Sunday. Turning down speculations about him entering politics, Aamir said he was happy with the job he was doing. \"My job is to entertain people. And I am doing it pretty well,\" he said.He, however, made it clear that he got a lot of support from the masses whenever he took up public causes.He also welcomed the government's decision to nominate Sachin Tendulkar to the Rajya Sabha. The actor said Kochi was a nice place. \"In fact, we started filming of the programme in Kochi. It was a nice experience,\" Aamir recalled.Asianet Communications managing director K Madhavan, and Gayathri Yadav of Star India were also present at the press conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974621", "title": "Yes and No", "text": "Nero merely fiddled while Rome burnt. Our sarkar which art in Delhi decided to waste precious time manufacturing violins while a forest fire of fiddles rages around us. Of all the myriad regressions and transgressions needing legal remedy, last week the cabinet approved a Bill making sex illegal for anyone under the age of 18. Excuse me while i scrape my dropped jaw off the floor.Mercifully, a Delhi sessions judge struck a dissenting note while acquitting a youth accused of abducting a minor girl, concluding that it was mutual love not unilateral lust. In the Bill's proposed form, any such sexual encounter would invite not counselling, censure, or even one tight slap, but jail from three years to life.No human person would disagree that no punishment is too harsh for the perverts who molest minors, and often kill them to ensure their silence. Or those who order their housemaids 'as you make my bed so shall you lie on it' . Or those who persist with the widespread conspiracy of silence over the predator in Chacha-ji's - or even Papaji's - clothing out of a totally perverse sense of 'family honour'.But here we are talking about a Bill that wants to take into its ambit even consensual sex between 18-year-olds . This, in the context of a generation that is becoming sexually active at an age which would have sent their grandmothers into a dead faint. Or, in all likelihood wouldn't , since those doughty women were far less hypocritical than the netas who wish to throw into jail teenagers venting their natural urges. While, they themselves continue to thrust their shop-soiled libidos on anyone whom they can grab with their grubby paws. The proposed Bill needs to be castrated faster than a paedophile.Yes , there is a Lakshman rekha teenagers should not cross. Yes, exploitative MMSes involving schoolkids are increasing, abetted by the internet. Yes, in the no-holds-barred West, premarital abstinence is back in fashion and girls want to be 'Like a Virgin' without being a Madonna. And, equally yes, the checks that must apply when children enter their teens must surely be recalibrated when they are about to leave this stage of acne and ecstasy. Yet none of this is relevant in the context of the proposed Bill. The only point to put on the table is that the state has no business to play nanny here, far less than in the other areas of personal, private business into which it keeps poking its nose. As the experts aver, on the pretext of child protection, it cannot wage a war on adolescent sexuality.The state can step in only if such an act turns criminal or violates public order which is not the same as sanctimonious notions of public morality. Nor should the state abet domineering parents who seek to exercise control over a girl who, at 18, is old enough to make her own choice of life partner. Or should be, if they had brought her up to be a thinking person, not a submissive zombie.We need to retire the nanny state which festers the idea of sex as some hushhush perversion instead of fostering an early and open understanding of it as a natural and desirable development. In an Agony Aunt column i do for our sister publication, the Mumbai Mirror, i am appalled at the purdah-ed naivete. It leads not just to teenage angst, but marital anguish and psychological demons. Any such 'protective' legislation will only trigger a ripple effect of regressions and repressions.Okay, pay no heed. Instead, empty our jails of hardened criminals, political scamsters, corporate swindlers, arms dealers and underworld thugs to make room for the young and sexually restless. They are the real danger to society, no?* * *Alec Smart said: '' How could Adidas's India bosses run off with the company money? By wearing Reeboks.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973823", "title": "Garbage-free beaches, highways on the cards", "text": "PANAJI: Plastic dumped along the national highways will be collected from the third week of May onwards and beaches will be waste free from September, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Tuesday.Parrikar said, \"We will adopt the same technique used by the corporation of the city of Panaji (CCP) to pick up garbage along national highways, starting in the next two to three weeks.\"He added that there are certain issues involved in implementing this system. \"If someone wants to dump waste, he has to dispose of it in a proper place, therefore, we have made appropriate provisions,\" he said.All kinds of garbage will be collected through the Goa state infrastructure corporation by using labourers provided by PWD, Parrikar said. PWD has also been instructed to pick up construction debris lying along the road.\"Once a place has been identified, all trucks carrying construction debris have to dump it at that particular site only,\" Parikar said. The chief minister stressed that strict measures would be taken against those found violating the same.Parrikar added that by September the state would be garbage-free. \"We are pursuing a comprehensive set-up for treating mixed garbage which will be ready in a year's time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972692", "title": "Hubby must pay maintenance to even adulterous wife: High court", "text": "NAGPUR: In a landmark order, Aurangabad bench of Bombay high court has ruled that wife staying in adultery and then leaving that person is entitled for maintenance from her husband.\"If the wife had stopped living in adultery with her live-in partner, and if she proves she is destitute and has no source of income, she is entitled to look to her husband for maintenance,\" a single-judge bench of justice AV Nirgude ruled. The judge dismissed 49-year-old husband's plea for quashing lower court's order of paying maintenance to his wife alleging that she was remarried.\"The question is, whether a wife who stayed in adultery with another person for a few years after she obtained an order for maintenance against her husband, is entitled to maintenance after she stops such living in adultery? The answer is in affirmative,\" the judge ruled.\"If a woman, after obtaining order of maintenance, starts residing with another person in adultery, it is necessary for the husband to approach the court and get the earlier order cancelled. In this case, this did not occur. The live-in partner of wife died in 2002, and her status as live-in partner came to an end,\" the Justice Nirgude added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972786", "title": "Bus fares go up by 25-50%, monthly passes by 10-67%", "text": "MUMBAI: Travelling by bus will pinch your pocket these days. After the recent fare hike, ticket rates have gone up by 25-50% depending on the distance you are travelling. Monthly passes have gone up by 10-67%.Smita Deshpande, a school teacher, said, \"It is ridiculous. Everyday, I hear bus passengers complaining about the fare increase. It has become very expensive. Why should BEST increase fares by Rs5-6 (for some distances) when it could have had a uniform Re1 hike?\"For Deshpande, who travels from Khar to Andheri for work, the revised fares mean Rs5 more per trip daily. \"It comes to nearly Rs250 a month extra for a return journey and that's quite a huge increase,\" she said. The monthly pass on this route has also increased from Rs400 to Rs660.Another commuter, Vikas Gore, from Sion, said BEST buses were meant to be the aam admi's means of transport. \"People from chawls depend on buses rather than taxis in the island city. With the fare hike, I am sure the number of passengers will drop considerably on several routes,\" Gore said.BEST ferries around 40 lakh passengers daily.A senior BEST official said, \"We had not option but to go in for a hike. The transport body is incurring huge losses and is neck-deep in debts.\" Another official from the transport wing said BEST never charged for the exact distance travelled. \"We are a stage carrier operator and passengers are clubbed for a distance ranging from 2-5 km and the fare is same for that slab,\" he said. For example, if one is travelling a distance of 8 km, he/she would have to pay a fare applicable for up to 10 km. The previous slab would be a distance of 5 to 7 kilometres.Chitra Subramanium, another commuter, said, \"BEST has increased fares at all levels. AC buses have become very expensive, with a daily ticket going as high as Rs75 for a 20-km distance and Rs 5 for up to 25 km. This is almost close to a first class suburban railway ticket.\"BEST committee member Ravi Raja said he was opposed to the fare hike. \"Opposition parties were against it, but the ruling Shiv Sena got the proposal cleared,\" he pointed out. Samajwadi Party civic group leader Rais Shaikh said the party had opposed the hike and had walked out when the proposal was being cleared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972717", "title": "Minor \u2018drugged\u2019 into marriage, walks out", "text": "JAIPUR: That grit and determination can overcome all odds is a lesson often taught in classrooms. However, a 17-year-old girl of Nokha village in Bikaner district showed how to be a power-puff girl in true fashion and beat all odds to reclaim one's identity.After scoring 68% in her Class IX exams, the teenager wanted to pursue further studies and marry a literate boy. Her parents, however, saw her as a liability and forcibly married her off to one Mangu Singh of Peepasar village in Nagaur district a month-and-a-half ago.Despite being beaten and harassed by her in-laws, the girl, much against her parents wishes, managed to call the police and narrated her plight.On Tuesday evening, the girl was rescued from her in-laws' house. The police have registered a case against her parents and in-laws. Not to be bogged down by the bitter experiences, the girl now wishes to resume her studies.According to the Nagaur police, the girl was drugged and forcibly married to Mangu Singh on April 13. \"She was not ready for the marriage, and protested against the match. At this, she was drugged by her relatives on the day of marriage. By the time she regained consciousness, she found herself at her in-laws' place,\" said Bharat Rawat, SHO, Balaji police station, Nagaur. The husband also forced into a physical relationship, and often abused her.The officer said on Sunday the police received a call from the girl on Sunday when she narrated her plight. If not rescued, she threatened to commit suicide. \"Taking her complaint seriously, we sent a team to her in-laws place and rescued her on Tuesday evening. Her husband Mangu Singh (22) has also been arrested on the charges of rape and harassment,\" Rawat said.Apart from the in-laws and husband, the police have named the girl's parents and relatives accused in the complaint. \"We are also seeking legal opinion to see under what sections the parents can be booked for forcing their child into marriage,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974558", "title": "Kieron Pollard will be out for another week", "text": "PUNE: Robin Peterson of South Africa solved the mystery surrounding Team Mumbai's two foreign recruits Herschelle Gibbs and Kieron Pollard on Wednesday. In a pre-match press conference at Subrata Roy Sahara stadium before the match against Pune, Mumbai all-rounder Peterson said Pollard is unlikely to play for a week due to shoulder injury.\"It's a big loss for us. He is a quality player,\" said Peterson . He also threw light on why the fans have not seen Mumbai's explosive batsman Herschelle Gibbs yet. \"We know what he is capable of. He is on top of the mind of selectors,\" said 32-year-old Peterson.\"But he has been troubled by a finger injury.\"On the wicket on offer for Thursday night's game against Pune, he said: \"No idea. No one from our team have played on the track. It's a bit of a mystery to us. We will take time to adapt.\"Peterson felt Pune's Michael Clarke is the man to watch out for because he is on a mission to prove that he can be an effective T20 player . \"He is coming from a fantastic summer. And he would like to show (his worth). Our emphasis would be on trying to get his wicket.\"The unavailability of Gibbs and Pollard indirectly gives a bit of relief to Mumbai Indians team management since picking just four foreigners can be an onerous task.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972863", "title": "CBI booked 122 senior officials for corruption in last five years", "text": "NEW DELHI: As many as 122 senior government officers of the rank of joint secretary and above were booked by the CBI in various corruption cases in the last five years. Besides, the agency registered 600 cases against different public servants in 2011 alone.Sharing the information with Lok Sabha, minister of state for personnel V Narayanasamy on Wednesday said the CBI had registered 795 corruption cases in 2009, 650 cases in 2010 and 600 cases in 2011.\"During the last three years, CBI has sought sanction for prosecution of government servants or public servants for offences under various Acts, including Prevention of Corruption Act from various central ministries or departments and state government in 1,459 cases, involving 2,583 government officials,\" he said in a written reply to a Parliament question.The minister said CBI was awaiting sanction for prosecution in 39 cases for over three months in various ministries, departments and state governments.\"Even though a time limit of three months has been prescribed for deciding cases of sanction for prosecution, it is sometimes not possible for the central ministries or departments concerned to adhere to this time limit.\"The delay is often caused due to detailed analysis of the available evidence, consultation with CVC, state governments and other agencies, and sometimes non-availability of relevant documentary evidence,\" Narayanasamy said.In reply to another question, the minister said CBI had registered 36 cases against bribe givers in the last three years. Seven cases were registered in 2009, 12 in 2010, 15 in 2011 and two between January and March this year.Section 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act prescribes punishment for bribe givers as abettors.He also informed the Lok Sabha that as many as 110 cases against 122 officers of the rank of joint secretary and above were registered by CBI in the last five years. \"The allegations against these officers mainly relate to either criminal misconduct or disproportionate assets or criminal conspiracy or trap cases, etc,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974349", "title": "Abducted student's body found", "text": "PATNA: The body of a 10-year-old boy, Rishi, a standard IV student of Mount Bethany Public School here, was recovered from Pouthi under the Masaurhi subdivision of Patna district on Wednesday morning. Rishi, who lived at Indiranagar, Kankerbagh, was kidnapped on Monday while returning home from school. An FIR was lodged in this connection on the same day. Rishi's neighbour, Bittu, who masterminded the kidnapping, was arrested on Wednesday.DSP Sadar Rashid Zaman said, \"The kidnappers had demanded Rs 10 lakh as ransom for the boy's release on the night he was kidnapped even as they had killed the boy by that time.\" Rishi's father's Vimal Kumar told TOI, \"The kidnappers first killed my son and then called us demanding the ransom amount.\" Zaman said kidnappers usually kill their victims since they face problems in hiding them.As soon as the news regarding Rishi's murder spread in the locality, agitated people raided Bittu's house and held his mother captive, who, according to them, had prior information about the boy's kidnapping. When the Kankerbagh police reached the spot, a scuffle broke out between the locals and the policemen who tried to free Bittu's mother from their captivity. The Kankerbagh police had to retreat from the spot. Additional police forces were called in from the Patrakarnagar police station and other police stations to bring the situation under control. According to reports, some policemen were also beaten up by the locals.Admitting that a scuffle had indeed broken out between the policemen and the infuriated locals, Zaman said the locals had held Bittu's mother hostage. The locals later blocked the NH-30 near Jaganpura and demanded institution of an FIR against Bittu's mother and her subsequent arrest. The DSP, however, clarified that two FIRs are not registered in one case. He added that the allegations made by the locals regarding the complicity of Bittu's mother in the crime would be properly investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973954", "title": "Teenage girl found dead in Tiljala ashram hostel", "text": "KOLKATA: A 17-year-old girl was found dead on Wednesday morning in a hostel run by the Ananda Marga, police said. The bizarre way in which the body was discovered - lying half-in and half-out of a window in her ground-floor room - triggered rumours of an assault by co-boarders.Angry locals gheraoed the hostel - at Tiljala's Panchannagram off EM Bypass - and blocked policemen as they tried to remove the body for autopsy. The mob threw stones at the hostel as well.The victim is Krishna Das, a native of Salsalabari village in Alipurduar, North Bengal, said a police officer.The Ananda Marga authorities said Krishna was married in her early teens and took refuge with the Ananda Marga later. She had been in the hostel since February 26, 2011, they say.\"Krishna Das was suffering from a mental problem and was undergoing treatment,\" said an Ananda Marga spokesperson, adding that the girl had \"suddenly gone missing on April 28\" and returned to the hostel on May 1. Within hours, she was dead.Tiljala police said that they got a call from the hostel in the afternoon that a girl had died in her room. By then, news had spread in the locality and angry residents barricaded police, blaming the hostel authorities for the death.When police entered the room, they saw Krishna's legs dangling outside a window and the rest of her body inside the room.Locals alleged that the girl was beaten up by some other residents of the hostel. Locals confronted police on this and wouldn't let them take the body. The Ananda Marga spokesperson denied the allegation.However, police said that no external marks of injury had been found on her body. \"We will be able to confirm the cause of death after we get the post-mortem report,\" said Pallav Kanti Ghosh, joint commissioner, crime.Police confirmed that the hostel authority had lodged a missing person's complaint on April 28 and also informed them of the girl's return on May 1.Preliminary probe has revealed that Krishna was infected with chicken pox at the time she returned to the hostel. \"We are probing all aspects of the case. We are trying to find out where the girl was during the three days she was missing from the hostel. She may have suffered some internal injuries during this period that may have led to her death,\" said an investigator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "12973774", "title": "Ramdev didn't mean all MPs are criminals, clarifies Anna Hazare", "text": "AURANGABAD: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Wednesday defended yoga guru Baba Ramdev's statement about criminals getting elected as members of parliament (MPs) but said Ramdev didn't mean that all MPs were \"murderers\" and \"robbers\". Addressing a news conference here on Wednesday, Hazare said, \"I have spoken to Ramdev on his reported remarks. He told me that he just said that some of MPs were murderers and robbers and there are good MPs too. Ramdev didn't mean that all MPs are criminals.''Hazare was in the city to address a public meeting as part of his state-wide tour to press for a strong Lokpal, independent of any government control, like the judiciary and election commission .The crusader said the issue of criminals representing the people in the Lok Sabha was a serious one. \"This is the reason we are insisting on the right to recall. We have a draft of this law ready. In the present scenario, the common man cannot even imagine contesting elections. If the right to recall comes into force, people can exercise the 'none of the above' option during polling. Repolls can then be held and those who had filed their nominations earlier will not be allowed to re-contest,\" he said.Hazare also disagreed with Kiran Bedi's reported statement that former President A P J Abdul Kalam should firrt study the Lokpal issue. The former President had said that prisons would be overflowing with people if the Lokpal bill was implemented. Hazare said, \"Kalam is right when he says that we have to inculcate moral values among our children to fight against corruption. I agree with him. But we need to take some urgent steps in the larger interest of the people.''\"Lokpal is a like a first-aid that we should provide to check further losses. We need to educate the younger generation, as Kalam said, to have a corruption-free society in the long run,\" Hazare said.The crusader declared that he would again resort to an agitation at the Ramlila Maidan in Delhi, just before the poll code of conduct for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, to press for a strong Lokpal bill. \"We don't want to pull down any government. We just want the government to be sensitive about the people and their sentiments. If they continue to ignore people's sentiments, we will not mind if the government falls,\" he said. Hazare reiterated that the Right to Information Act has instilled some fear in the corrupt, as the RTI has helped expose scams in the 2G spectrum and Adarsh issues. \"But there is no provision in the RTI to punish people found indulging in corruption. The Lokpal will do this job\", he said.He regretted that of every Rs 100 spent in the country, about Rs 75 went towards administrative expenses and corruption claimed Rs 15. \"How can we think of developing the nation with only 10% of the amount spent. Countries like the US and China too have corruption, but at the higher level. Corruption in our country is linked to daily needs like securing rations and kerosene and that is affecting the common man and the poor,'' he said.Hazare also underlined the need for protection of RTI activists. \"So far, 25 RTI activists have been killed across the country. The government is not taking this seriously and is keeping mum about the Whistleblowers Act,\" he said.'Something fishy about Sachin's Rajya Sabha nomination'Asked about Sachin Tendulkar being nominated for the Rajya Sabha, social crusader Anna Hazare said, \"We were pressing for a Bharat Ratna for him but he has settled for a seat in the Rajya Sabha. We feel there is something fishy about this development.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972832", "title": "ATS takes custody of IM man for Pune temple blast attempt", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad (ATS) has obtained custody of a suspected Indian Mujahideen (IM) operative for links with the Pune temple blast bid case. The attempt was made outside the Dagduseth Halwai Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010, the day a powerful bomb ripped through German Bakery, in which 17 people were killed.The suspect, Qateel Siddiqui, was till now in Bangalore jail in connection with other blast cases. \"This is the first arrest in the temple case,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria.An ATS officer said the squad was clear about Siddiqui's role in the temple case. \"He is not involved in the German Bakery blast, but we want to question him in connection with the Dagduseth case.\"Last November, the Delhi police arrested Siddiqui, along with Mohammed Adil, alias Shoeb, Irshad Khan, Gauhar Khomani, Gayur Jamali and Abdur Rehman, for their involvement in the bakery blast and the blasts at Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium and Delhi's Jama Masjid. But the ATS arrested only one person, Mirza Himayat Baig, in connection with the bakery blast. Later, the Delhi police came to believe that Siddiqui was involved only in the temple blast bid.According to the police, Siddiqui and Baig were involved in ferrying bomb consignments to various locations in Pune; the temple blast plan failed as a flower vendor did not allow Siddiqui to keep a bag containing the bomb outside the temple; from Pune, Siddiqui came to Mumbai and threw the bag in the sea off Worli.In a written reply to the legislative council on March 31, home minister R R Patil said that IM operatives carried out a \"dress rehearsal\" outside the temple for other blasts. But he did not clarify if this was akin to a recce or a simulation. \"One of the accused in the (temple) case is in a Bangalore prison and we are seeking his custody,\" Patil had said then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973299", "title": "Govt ignoring plight of Pak Hindus: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP accused the Centre of being a mute spectator to persecution of Hindus in Pakistan, saying that women were being abducted and raped to force religious conversion even as the foreign ministry dismissed it as the \"theocratic\" state's internal issue.The aggression from BJP veteran Murli Manohar Joshi , who said there should be no talks with Pakistan at this \"great cost\", prompted home minister P Chidambaram to call it a 'serious issue\" and promised a statement from the government.Raising the issue in Lok Sabha, Joshi pointed to disconcerting reports that Hindus were escaping Pakistan because of coercive measures to force religious conversion. He said women were identified and then abducted and raped.Amid sloganeering by TRS and TDP members over Telangana, Joshi said Hindu families from \"theocratic state of Pakistan\" had come to India with heart-rending tales. \"They have run away to save their culture, their religion. Their human rights are being violated,\" he said.Joshi said while the families were suffering, the Indian foreign ministry and home ministry were not taking it seriously. \"The foreign ministry has called it Pakistan's internal issue. But it is an issue of their human rights, cultural rights. Let there be talks with Pakistan but not at this cost. India is not raising these issues at international HR forum or with Pakistan government though we claim to be great protector of human rights,\" Joshi said.The Varanasi MP asked the government to assure Hindus across the world that India would stand by them if they faced human rights violation. \"Is the government quiet just because it concerns Hindus?\" Joshi asked.Chidambaram said he shared Joshi's anguish and assured the government would make a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973776", "title": "Public buildings will be disabled-friendly: Government", "text": "CHENNAI: A long overdue bill on making public spaces disabled friendly was introduced in the assembly by chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Wednesday. A second bill on extending the exemption of professional tax to all types of disabled people was also introduced. The exemption previously was confined only to the severely or totally disabled.K P Munusamy, minister for municipal administration and rural development, said, \"The government has decided to ensure a barrier-free environment for the differently abled persons by providing special facilities in multi-storeyed and public buildings, such as ramps. To achieve this, the government has decided to amend the Tamil Nadu District Municipalities Act, 1920, the Madurai City Municipal Corporation Act, 1971 and the Coimbatore City Municipal Corporation Act, 1981.\"He added that the government amended the Urban Local Bodies Acts to ensure that all disabled people, irrespective of the degree of disability would be entitled to professional tax exemption. Both the announcements elicited a mixed reaction from members of the disabled community.SNamburajan of the Tamil Nadu Association for Rights of All Types of Differently-abled and Caregivers welcomed the decision but said it was too early to rejoice. \"The bill does not say much,\" he said. \"Although it may seem now like everybody is exempted from it, the government order, when issued, will include a host of conditions that will exclude many from it. So I am going to wait and watch.\"C Govindakrishnan of Nethrodaya, a home for the visually-impaired said the exemption of professional tax was timely, but expressed doubts about the implementation of the act on barrier-free environment. \"The government thinks creating a barrierfree environment means erecting ramps,\" he said. \"That is mere symbolism. We need audio sign boards, name plates, traffic signals and even audio number boards for buses. We need audio indicators fixed to street lights to help guide visually challenged. It's being done abroad and is not very expensive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972870", "title": "Two years later, no headway in drafting fixed transfer policy", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government has failed to make any headway in drafting a fixed transfer policy for its employees even though chief minister Ashok Gehlot declared to do so over two years ago. As the ban on employees' transfers has been lifted from April 21 to May 31, the demand for the policy has once again gained momentum.A ministerial committee constituted to draft the policy, however, appears to be suffering from lack of coordination among the member ministers who were not sure how many meetings have been held to discuss the matter. Even as education minister Brij Kishore Sharma said that the committee was yet to meet, UDH minister Shanti Dhariwal asserted that three meetings were held in the past two years. At the same time, Dhariwal admitted that the committee has so far not been able to finalise \"any thing\" about the transfer policy.Different organisations of the employees have been demanding the policy to check corruption and political interference in the posting of government personnel. Chiefs of the ruling party as well as the opposition party in the state, too, have spoken in favour of the policy, but with the Gehlot government hardly moving towards fulfilling its promise the announcement looks like a political stunt.\"I am in favour of a fixed transfer policy. The committee has, however, not held any meeting in this regard,\" said education minister Sharma, a member of the ministerial committee assigned to draft the policy. On being asked why the committee could not meet, the minister replied, \"I do not know.\"Sharma became member of the three-member committee as he replaced the then education minister Bhanwar Lal Meghwal, who was shunted out in the last cabinet reshuffle in November 2011. Health minister AA Khan, the third member of the ministerial committee, could not be contacted since he was out on an official foreign trip.President of the Akhil Rajasthan Rajya Karamchari Sanyukt Mahasangh (Ekikrit) Yash Pratap Singh said, \"The government should have come up with the transfer policy before lifting the ban on transfers. In the absence of a fixed and transparent policy, government employees are subjected to harassment by unscrupulous officials and politicians.\"Transfer applications to be onlineThe education department, which gets highest number of requests for transfers, has decided to call online applications from teachers seeking transfers from their current postings. \"We will accept online applications till May 12-13 and finalise the transfer lists after that,\" education minister Brij Kishore Sharma said on Wednesday.Confusion, however, still prevails over the transfer of Grade-III teachers functioning in rural areas. There were reports that these teachers might not be moved out of their current postings, as a large number of teachers' posts in the rural areas were lying vacant. The state government would be holding examination for recruiting around 41,000 teachers through on June 2. \"The merit lists of successful candidates will be prepared district-wise and sent to the zila parishads which will decide their postings,\" the education minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973660", "title": "Guard dies in fire at furniture mall", "text": "NASHIK: One person was killed when a major fire gutted the five-storey Sakhla Furniture Mall on the old Mumbai-Agra highway near Mumbai Naka early Wednesday morning. Though the cause of the fire is yet to be ascertained, officials said it may be due to short circuit.Prakash Solanki (35), who worked as a security guard in an office on the floor above the furniture mall, died when the fire engulfed the building. Fire brigade personnel rescued two other security guards. Three storeys were occupied by the furniture store, while the top two floors were occupied by other companies.Officials said the furniture mall caught fire around 3.20am. It was detected by a security guard of the store, who found smoke emanating from inside the shop. He immediately informed the directors of the store.However, by the time the fire brigade was informed about it, the fire had already shattered the huge windowpanes and was billowing out of the building.Fire officials said that they got the first call at 3.35am and within 5 minutes two fire tenders and one more vehicle reached the incident spot. A total of seven fire tenders-one from Panchavati fire station, two each from Nashik Road, Satpur and Cidco-were rushed to the spot. After nearly two-and-a-half hours, the fire was brought under control at around 6am. Since there was no power supply, the firemen had to struggle to extinguish the fire and also rescue the trapped security guards inside the building.Fire officials said though they were able to rescue two security guards, they found Solanki lying unconscious. All three were taken out of the building at around 4.30am, the said. As there was no power supply, Solanki apparently collided against some object and subsequently the billowing smoke is believed to have choked him to death. Fire officials also said that Solanki was also having some respiratory problem.Meanwhile, mayor Yatin Wagh, district collector and officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu besides political leaders cutting across party lines and government officials rushed to the spot as news of the fire spread.Incidentally, just a couple of hours before the fire broke out, a group of office-bearers of Akhil Bharatiya Jain Sangathana had reached near the Sakhla Furniture Mall from Pune by a private vehicle. Nandkishore Sakhla of the Sakhla Mall, who was also in the group, had decided to stay back for a day, since his daughter studies in Pune.The Sakhla mall was set up about eight years ago on about 12,000 sq ft and was known for its neo classical style of architechture.While the financial loss is yet to be estimated, many say it could run into crores of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12971990", "title": "Bhanu Kiran got a slice of realty boom in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Bhanu Kiran, the accused in the murder of factionist Maddelacheruvu Suri, took advantage of the real estate boom in Machlipatnam following the state government's proposal to set up a world-class port there. He reportedly threatened the locals and walked away with 90 acres of land at a throwaway price.Crime Investigation Department (CID) officers said Bhanu and his associates bought 90 acres, of which nine acres were registered in the name of Bhanu. However, after learning that it was owned by the gangster, no one came forward to purchase it when he tried to sell the nine acres at a higher price.\"The Machlipatnam case is not an isolated one. During the investigation, we discovered that there are nine such cases in various parts of the state, including Hyderabad. Bhanu threatened property owners and transferred the land in his name or that of his associates by buying it at dirt cheap,\" the officials said.Police said Bhanu also 'rewarded' officials who cooperated with him by sending them on foreign trips. \"An IPS officer and a deputy superintendent of police (DSP), who was recently suspended in a graft case, were sent on an all-expenses-paid trip to Telugu Association of North America (Tana) celebrations in the United States by Bhanu for helping him in various land deals,\" the officials said. Police are also probing Bhanu's involvement in the affairs of financing and production a Telugu film 'Yuvatha' besides the already known incidents of his involvement in movies like 'Khaleja' and 'Komarampulli'.Nati Kumar, who produced a few Tollywood movies, is planning to approach CID to lodge a complaint against Bhanu's close aide C Kalyan, also a prominent producer and accused in a case of threatening a film financier. Nati Kumar said he witnessed several settlements done by Bhanu Kiran at the behest of Kalyan at Balaji Colour labs. CID officials are in the process of sending the recovered articles, including the gun, from Seoni in Madhya Pradesh to the State Forensic Laboratory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972938", "title": "HC summons BEST GM, traffic top cop over PIL", "text": "MUMBAI: The plight of Mumbai's pedestrians at the hands of the traffic police and BEST drivers has come under the scanner of the Bombay high court. A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar on Wednesday asked BEST's general manager and secretary of the state home department to appear before the court on May 7.Hearing a PIL on the lack of traffic discipline on Mumbai roads, the court also summoned the joint commissioner of traffic police, deputy chief engineer of roads ( BMC), and regional transport officer.A lawyer informed the court that traffic police officers behave rudely with pedestrians, even as BEST buses ignore traffic signals and fail to abide by traffic rules. The traffic police department told the court that there were 1,250 traffic chowks in the city, of which, 550 are completely managed by traffic signals. Traffic police personnel man the remaining 700 chowks in two shifts. The police further submitted before the court that out of the sanctioned strength of 3,225 posts in the traffic department, around 676 were lying vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973509", "title": "Youth dies in freak firing at Kapoorthala", "text": "LUCKNOW: Panic gripped Kapoorthala Market in Aliganj when a property dealer died of gunshot injuries in a freak accident on Wednesday afternoon. The victim was identified as Rakesh Srivastava, a native of Gonda district and locally residing at a rented room just near Sai Temple in the vicinity.The incident took place at Srishti Associates property dealer's office situated on the rear side of the Sahara Tower. The office, according to ASP Aliganj, Anees Ahmed Ansari, is owned by one Ishtiyaque. On Wednesday at around 3.30 pm, Rakesh, along with Rajesh Kharbanda, Anis and Manish, was sitting there. While Rakesh, Rajesh and Manish are connected to the Srishti Associates through property business, Anis being Ishtiyaque's friend, was also a regular visitor at the office. According to police, it was during the course of discussion that Anis stood up and went to the loo.The police claimed that he left his licensed pistol on the table. It was after this that Rakesh took the pistol and started checking it. All of a sudden, the pistol went off and hit Rakesh on the right side of the temple leaving him dead on the spot. Following this, Rajesh, Manish and Anis reportedly fled the spot leaving Rakesh's body.There vanishing act led to suspicion. If Rajesh died in accidental firing, why did the three flee? Why didn't any one of them called up the police even if they had fled the spot out of fear? Lastly the spot where bullet hit Rakesh generally has to be targeted for perfection even though coincidence cannot be rule out!According to police sources, the first information to the police came from a common friend of Rajesh and Manish. Elaborating, the sources said that instead of informing the police about the incident, the two narrated the incident to their contact.The police came to know about the incident through the same contact. This has further deepened the mystery. Later, the police traced Manish and Rajesh and were interrogating them when the reports last came in. However, Anis, the police said, was yet to be apprehended. From the initial investigation, the police said that both are telling it to be case of accidental firing. They also told police that they ran away from the spot and couldn't muster courage to inform the police merely out of fear. The investigation into the incident is still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973803", "title": "Foodgrains to be sold cheap at festival", "text": "PUNE: A three-day foodgrain festival starting May 5 will give Puneites an opportunity to beat inflation. Jowar, bajra, a variety of pulses, rice and organically grown foodgrains will be sold at rates less then the market prices. Unpolished rice, organic jaggery and millets will also be available.\"The festival has been organized at the district agriculture office near Sakhar Sankul, college of agriculture. All the stalls will be put up by farmersso there will be no middlemen. Hence, prices will be lower,\" said S L Jadhav, assistant divisional director of state agriculture department. About 7,000 quintals from all the 13 talukas of the district will be available for sale.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will inaugurate the festival in the presence of deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, state agriculture and marketing minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil and cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil.The Maharashtra state agriculture marketing board has also invited some self-help groups to set up food stalls where people can taste rural delicacies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974003", "title": "Over 17,000 students secure middle school scholarship in Maharashtra", "text": "PUNE: A total of 17,552 students have secured the middle school scholarship in the state, exam for which was held by the Maharashtra State Council of Examinations on March 18.A statement issued by the council here on Wednesday said the result of the middle school scholarship for std IV was announced online on May 1.The scholarship examinations for middle and high schools in the state went hi-tech from this year, with the introduction of Optical Mark Readable (OMR) answer sheets for objective type papers, as is done in common entrance tests for engineering and medical courses. The compilation of results was done by way of a computerised data entry process. The OMR sheets, which can be read by a computer, ensured an even faster processing of the results, the statement said.About 7.43 lakh students had registered for the exam of which 6.99 lakh appeared. About 3.62 lakh students cleared the examination and 17,552 students were selected for an award of scholarship. The statement said that each district has been awarded 10 scholarships on line of national general scholarships besides the quota for rural and urban students, those from the scheduled caste, children of landless farm labourers, rural tribal students and those from the Vidarbha region.The merit list for rural areas containing 116 names and merit list for urban areas containing 106 names, plus a merit list of 50 students from CBSE/ICSE boards have been put up on the exam council website www. mscepune.in", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12974002", "title": "Medium of instruction in Class V new bone of contention", "text": "PANAJI: The state education department has managed to complicate the medium of instruction issue further by writing to the central government that the primary school curriculum pattern will be followed in Class V. What this means is that Class V will, from the academic year 2012-13 that begins in June, be a primary class.With grants to primary schools linked to the MoI, whereby government funds are given to schools teaching in the mother tongue or regional language, the question of whether the MoI in Class V will be English or the mother tongue remains unanswered by education department officials.\"We have already written to the central government informing them that Classes I to V will be considered as the primary section, Classes VI to VIII as middle school and IX and X as secondary school. Class V will remain attached to their existing buildings because of infrastructure in primary schools and other factors,\" education director Anil Powar said on Wednesday.He said that where curriculum and providing facilities under central government schemes, and those prescribed under the Right to Education Act, are concerned, Class V will be considered as a primary class.There is no clarity on the MoI in Class V. The confusion worsens in view of chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement this week, where he said a solution to the MoI issue will come only after the panchayat elections end, which will critically be just a few days before the new academic year begins.\"Don't ask me questions on MoI. When I take a decision, I will let you know,\" Parrikar told mediapersons on Wednesday after the cabinet meeting when clarity was sought on the MoI issue.Powar had also recently filed an affidavit in the high court of Bombay at Goa stating that the government would withdraw the MoI circular issued by the previous government and replace it with a new one.Central government officials have been pulling up Goa authorities for some time now for their inability to merge Class V with the primary section, especially under the midday meal scheme where the nutrition prescribed for a child's development till Class V is different form that at the upper primary level.Merging of Class V with primary schools becomes even more relevant with the introduction of the Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009 as it requires that learning in the first five years of schooling should be integrated without subject-specific compartmentalization. States have been instructed by central government officials that it is inappropriate to introduce subjects like history, geography, civics and science in Class V, which is a mistake states following the pattern of primary section from Class I and IV are seen to be committing.In Goa, the close to 1,000 primary schools are mostly government owned but the number of government middle schools is much lower and most of these schools are privately run with government aid. If the state wants to merge Class V with the middle school it will have the issue of clubbing a class from a government school with a private one. This also leads to the problem of surplus government teachers and whether private school managements will agree to integrate them with their schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973648", "title": "Agent forges papers for Qatar visa, held", "text": "CHENNAI: Acting on an email alert from a stranded Tamil worker in Qatar, protector of emigrants, Chennai, D Jaishankar on Monday detained proprietor of recruitment agency IMK Human Resource Service V Muthukumar and two of his employees for submitting fake employment visas and obtaining emigration clearance for 59 workers for illegal deployment in Qatar.IMK Human Resource Service on Nelson Manickam Road, Chennai is a registered recruiting agent under the provisions of Emigration Act, 1983, operating under the jurisdiction of POE Chennai.Jaishankar said a worker had sent them an email that he had been illegally recruited and was stranded in Qatar under a sponsor called Nakilot Keppel Offshore Marine Services. He was employed as a mechanical fitter, contrary to the emigration clearance obtained for him by the agency to work under another firm called Bluebay Trading and Contracting.Initial probe revealed that the agency had forged the online business visit visas issued by Qatar authorities in the name of Nakilot Keppel Offshore Marine Services Qatar by changing the employer's name, visa type and job category and submitted the same as 'employment visas' for the firm Bluebay Trading and Contracting to get emigration clearance in April 2012.Jaishankar has advised the public to check the genuinity of the visas, by visiting www.moi.gov.qa or by getting in touch with the POE office , Chennai on 044-24891337 or 24745610.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973875", "title": "Two gold chains worth Rs 1.3 lakh snatched", "text": "PUNE: Two gold chains, together worth Rs 1.3 lakh, were snatched in separate incidents on Tuesday.Nilima Velankar (60) of Kothrud stated in her complaint that around 7 am, she was walking near Patwardhanbaug in Kothrud, when two persons on motorcycle came towards her.The duo threatened the people, who were walking on the road, and the pillion rider snatched Velankar's gold chain worth Rs 80,000 and fled.Another incident took place at Rahatani. Satyavati Giri (60) of Rahatani was on her way home around 7 am, when two motorcycle-bound suspects snatched her gold chain worth Rs 50,000 and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974108", "title": "Now, a website for water meter project", "text": "PUNE: As a first step towards introducing water meters for all domestic water connections, the Pune Municipal Corporation and Italian company Studio Galli Ingegneria on Wednesday jointly launched a website to disseminate information about the project.The website http://www.h2opune.com would provide all information on the project and the latest developments related to it. Citizens could contribute to the website by sending information to admin@h2opune.com.Officials of the Italian company stated on the website that the PMC has provided data about the population, water supply facilities and distribution network maps updated up to 2007. Data on the number of metered and unmetered connections, number of apartments with sump and pump arrangements, population growth projection, etc, have also been collected and analysed.\"All bulk meters are being inspected and tested for accuracy, sizing, installation, and operation. The faulty ones will have to be repaired or substituted, and the missing ones will have to be reinstalled. The type and size of new meters to be purchased is decided by taking into consideration accuracy, simplicity, sturdiness, safeness, and cheapness (in terms of overall life cycle costs). The number of required meters is also assessed,\" stated the company officials.A representative sample of 5,000 connections is being surveyed to find out pressure and flow measurements, number of connections, population, and billing information. The findings of the survey are being used to identify hydraulic defects in water supply and understand the demand associated to different types of areas (residential, commercial, industrial, institutional, landscaping, slums, etc.). The pilot areas are also subdivided into sub-areas which would be thoroughly studied by monitoring inflow, outflow and pressure in key points of the network.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972479", "title": "Family halts woman\u2019s post mortem", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior police officials from Yashodhara Nagar police station had to intervene after a family declined to allow post-mortem of a married woman, in her 20s, to take place until an expert team took over.The kin of deceased Asmita Bhujade, declared dead at Indira Gandhi Government Medical college and Hospital a day earlier, started protesting outside the forensic department of IGGMCH on Wednesday. The relatives demanded that the case should be attended by a team of experts.Asmita, mother of one-and-half year old daughter, was rushed to IGGMCH by husband Ranjit and another neighbour after she was found vomiting. There was also a white substance found in the house that the woman seemed to have consumed. Asmita's mother Lata Newtey said she had a conversation with her daughter at 8 am, just a few hours before her alleged act of consuming the poison.Asmita, a resident of Jamb in Wardha district, was married to Ranjit around two years ago. Asmita's family members claimed that Ranjit, who used to make ties for uniforms, often tortured Asmita mentally and physically.Asmita's in-laws were the first to spot her with symptoms of uneasiness. They informed Ranjit who was at his tailoring unit at Itwari. \"Immediately, we took her to a private clinic that referred her to IGGMCH,\" said Ranjit. He denied any dispute within the family. When TOI asked about the mysterious white powder that Asmita may have consumed, Ranjit said he did not know its source.Police said Asmita was admitted at 1.30 pm at the hospital and declared dead at 4 pm.Senior inspector CN Deshmukh of Yashodhara Nagar police station said the statement of family members would be recorded and the future course of action decided. Police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973715", "title": "Court sends 9 accused to 14-day judicial custody", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Central Bureau of Investigation on Wednesday produced the nine accused in the foodgrain scam before the special CBI court here. The court sent them to 14-day judicial custody. The accused were arrested by the CBI following a series of raids in Lakhimpur on Tuesday. So far, 18 persons have been arrested from Lakhimpur for their involvement in the scam till date.The CBI also moved a separate application seeking remand of all nine accused. The court has listed May 3 as the date for hearing the remand application.Sources in the CBI said during the raids sleuths found documents substantiating that hundreds of metric tons of foodgrain was transported to Bangladesh during the scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978847", "title": "Trisha replaces Nayantara for Boologam", "text": "Trisha, the attractive actress has signed her next with Aascar Ravichandran. It is known that Nayantara was earlier touted to be playing Jayam Ravi's lead lady in this action entertainer Boologam, but finally Trisha has bagged the film.Debutant director Kalyan Krishna will be helming Boologam that is all set to hit the floors from 20th May. Ascar V Ravichandran is lavishly producing Boologam under his Aascar Films banner. It is also reported that makers have erected a set for this film with the whooping amounts of Rs.1.5crores.Vijay Antony will be composing the music for this action entertainer Boologam that will have Priyan cranking the camera, while V. T. Vijayan will take care of editing department, are the part of technical crew. However Trisha is currently doing Vishal starrer Samar with director Thiru that is about to wrap up soon, after this Boologam starts rolling from this 20th.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12972408", "title": "Techie gets life term for killing girlfriend", "text": "THANE: A 30-year-old engineer from Navi Mumbai was sentenced to life imprisonment for killing his 20-year-old girl-friend in 2008. He has also been fined Rs 5,000. Samantha Antovio Fernandes, an aspiring fashion designer and a student of Sophia College, died of excessive bleeding due to multiple stab wounds inflicted on her by Sumit Brijbihari Giri on March 20.Giri suspected Fernandes of two-timing him. He was determined to kill her and end his life as well.After stabbing Fernandes repeatedly, Giri consumed poison and stabbed himself. Both were taken to hospital but Fernandes failed to survive the assault.Additional sessions judge SG Gabhne slapped a fine of Rs 3,000 and sentenced Giri to an additional 6 months in jail for the suicide bid.Sumit Brijbihari Giri seemed amused by the verdict as he emerged smiling from the court room of additional sessions judge SG Gabhne who held him guilty of stabbing to death Samantha Antovio Fernandes.Police said two were in a relationship and belonged to affluent and educated families with Giri's father a retired Indian Navy officer. The victims mother is a high-ranking officer with the Central government agency and her father is a top executive in a steel factory.On March 20, Giri took his girlfriend to the Aniket Lodge at Rabale, Navi Mumbai at around 2 pm. He registered himself under a fictitious name and informed the staff that they would vacate the room by 7.30 pm. When the couple did not emerge out of the room till 9 pm, the hotel staff summoned the police who broke open the door and found them lying in a pool of blood,'' said chief public prosecutor RJ Kadri.There was no eye-witness to the incident. However, circumstantial evidence such as the room being locked from inside and the recovery of the murder weapon from the scene of the crime were sufficient to nail the culprit,'' Kadri told TOI.Judget Gabhne overlooked the argument by defence lawyer who argued that Giri was being made s scapegoat in a murder which was a fallout of a political rivalry as the hotel belonged to a prominent politician from Navi Mumbai, Kadri said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973850", "title": "Kids have a date with Nasa astronaut", "text": "KOLKATA: She has clocked over 1,318 hours in space. She's been a trusted lieutenant of National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) for 36 years. And now she's in the city for a day to attend a lecture where she'll share her experience in space with schoolkids.Marsha S Ivins joined Nasa in July 1974 and worked as an engineer till 1980, when she was assigned as a flight engineer on the Shuttle Training Aircraft (aircraft operations) and a co-pilot in the Nasa administrative aircraft (Gulfstream-1). In an interview to TOI, Ivins described it as the biggest moment in her career. \"Being selected as an astronaut after working for six years was perhaps my biggest moment at Nasa. In subsequent years, I participated in many more spaceflights. Each occasion was special for me,\" beamed Ivins.Between 1990 and 2001, Ivins took part in five space explorations and spent 55 days in all in space. So what was the scariest moment she has spent in space? \"Each moment was scary as there was always a fear of making mistakes. If you make even a single mistake, you'll go down in history as the person who made 'the' mistake. Thankfully, I managed to end my career without any such mistake,\" Ivins said. But aren't there any disappointments? \"I could never go beyond the earth orbit,\" she repented.After an illustrious career at Nasa, Ivins retired on December 31, 2010. But she has not planned anything for the future yet. Currently, she's enjoying her \"less hectic and stress-free, but a bit boring\" days. Close on the heels of Ivins' retirement, two space shuttles - Enterprise and Discovery - recently made their final journey, to the museum. While Discovery flew 39 missions in 27 years, Enterprise served as a test craft, allowing Nasa to learn crucial lessons before sending other shuttles into space. Did she feel nostalgic to witness the swan song of these two shuttles? Not really.\"Shuttles are designed for specific missions and their replacement is normal. We planned to replace Enterprise and Discovery five years back. New vehicles must replace old ones. What was disappointing was not to see their replacement,\" Ivins lamented.When asked about her take on private initiatives in space exploration, Ivins sounded at ease. \"Each component of spaceflights is manufactured by private companies. They are in the market to make profit. But in space research, it's impossible to reap profit in five or even 10 years. Is there any company ready to invest for such really long terms?\" she wondered.Elaborating on the challenges space research is facing at the moment, Ivins went on to add, \"Challenges are not technical. The need of the hour is to save this field from political interference. Funding is also a major deterrent at present.\"When asked what she would advise aspiring astronauts, Ivins recommended, \"Go for something technical and stick to it. Don't let anybody say that you can't do it.\" Ivins will interact with schoolkids at Science City auditorium on Thursday and share her experience through various presentations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12973956", "title": "25-year-old BPO employee hangs self in rented room", "text": "GURGAON: A BPO employee's body was found hanging from the ceiling fan of her rented room in Sukhrali village on Wednesday morning. Police found a suicide note from the room in which she had written that no one should be held responsible for her act. Police have taken the body into custody and are investigating the case.\"The deceased has been identified as 25-year-old Jyotsana Negi, a native of Shimla. She was working with a BPO located in Sector 32 as a trainee. She had joined the company about a month ago. She lived in the house of one Virendra Sahrawat in a rented room in Sukhrali village, where her body was found hanging from the ceiling fan on Wednesday morning. Her sister identified the handwriting in the suicide note as that of the deceased,\" said a police officer.According to the police, the deceased came back from her workplace late on Tuesday night as usual and went to sleep in her room. On Wednesday morning, a family member of her landlord saw her hanging from the ceiling fan of her room and called the police.In the suicide note, she had written: \"I m dying just because of my own reason. No one is responsible for it. Thanks Jyotsana. Sorry papa, I could not be (sic),\" a copy of which is with TOI.Police informed the family members after the incident, after which the deceased's sister, Kusum, who lives in Panchkula, reached the spot and identified the handwriting as that of the deceased.\"We will send the viscera for examination. We handed over the body to the family members after postmortem,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973958", "title": "IIT-Delhi: Scientist Vijay Bhatkar to head the board of governors", "text": "PUNE: Computer scientist Vijay Bhatkar has been appointed chairman of the board of governors of the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Delhi. The announcement of his appointment was made by the office of the President of India.Bhatkar is an alumnus of IIT-Delhi, having done his PhD from the institute in 1972.Speaking about the appointment, Bhatkar said, \"With the help of the present director of IIT-Delhi Raghunath Sheogaokar, who is also the former vice chancellor of the University of Pune, and the faculty, many of whom are my former campus mates, I would like to push IIT standards further ahead in the global context. I would like to integrate its research with national missions, such as India's recently announced mission in exascale supercomputing.\"He said, \"The 21st century belongs to India and the IITs will have to act as the vanguards of India's great march ahead in this century, emerging as a world leader by 2047.\"Bhatkar has received fellowships from IEEE and ACM. He has played a major role in developing India's supercomputer Param.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973003", "title": "Woman robbed, stabbed and thrown out of speeding auto", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 54-year-old woman, Lata Dudani, was robbed, stabbed and then shoved out of a speeding autorickshaw on Tuesday night. The woman, who had fought the robbers valiantly, sustained multiple injuries and has been admitted to a private hospital in Juna Vadaj.The incident took place near RTO circle on Tuesday night when Dudani was on her way home from Kalupur. A complaint has been registered at the Sabarmati police station. In her complaint Dudani has said that her assailants robbed her of gold earrings, a ring, bangles and a purse containing Rs 1,000 and a mobile phone. Her loss amounts to Rs 28,500.Dudani works with Employees' State Insurance Corporation (ESIC) in Vadodara. \"She shuttles between Ahmedabad and Vadodara every day,\" said a Sabarmati police official. \"On Tuesday, she alighted at the railway station at 8.30 pm and headed out. She boarded an autorickshaw from outside the Ahmedabad railway station in Kalupur. The vehicle had two persons in it. The woman thought that the three-wheeler was a shuttle rickshaw.\"The autorickshaw driver, however, took a different route and drove the vehicle towards Shahibaug police stadium. When Dudani realized that was not on the usual route home, she questioned the driver. The driver told her that he had some work to finish at the Regional Transport Office.However, this interaction got Dudani suspicious and she took out a mobile from her purse to call her son. This spurred her co-passengers into action. They quickly overpowered her, gagged her and blind-folded her. Then they robbed her of her belongings at knife-point.When she tried to resist them, they snatched her ear rings and inflicted knife wounds on her arms. Even after this Dudani fought back and in a final attempt to draw attention of passersby she threw her dupatta out of the three-wheeler. A motorcyclist, who was behind the autorickshaw, saw it and overtook the vehicle. The autorickshaw driver had meanwhile driven his vehicle from RTO circle towards Sabarmati D Cabin, which is deserted at that time of night.When the biker drew up alongside, the driver and his aides realized that they could get into trouble and pushed Dudani out of the vehicle and fled. She was later admitted to Laxmi Hospital in Juna Vadaj, where she is recuperating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973185", "title": "FIR against sons for beating mom", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has directed the Delhi Police to register an FIR against two men for allegedly looting their mother's ornaments and beating her up, leading to her death ten days later.Additional sessions judge Nisha Saxena asked the police to lodge a criminal case against the two brothers and their five alleged accomplices and to conduct a probe to verify the allegations.The court's order came on a plea by the victim's daughter Krishna, who had come in appeal to the sessions court challenging a magisterial court order, which had dismissed her complaint against her brothers and five others.\"I am of the opinion that at this stage without conducting a proper probe, the complainant's version cannot be disbelieved in view of the documents placed on record. A proper probe needs to be conducted to find out the truth behind the allegations,\" said the additional sessions judge, setting aside the magisterial court's order.In her complaint, Krishna had accused her brothers and five others of assaulting and robbing her mother. She had alleged that they had forcibly entered her mother's house on May 6 last year, and looted Rs one lakh in cash, besides gold and silver ornaments, after assaulting her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973984", "title": "Income tax officer held for taking bribe", "text": "KOLKATA: CBI officers arrested an income tax officer on Wednesday for allegedly accepting a bribe to clear a pending file.Chandranath Koyal, who deals with IT refunds, was caught in the act, said a CBI source. Officers from anti-corruption-branch were waiting to trap him outside his office as he took Rs 2,000 from trader Utpal Ghosh, say CBI officials. According to Ghosh's complaint, Koyal was not clearing his file since 2010 and this was \"first installment of the bribe\".\"Koyal will be produced before a special CBI court on Thursday,\" said Santanu Kar, additional SP, CBI. TNNHe said that if any central government employee asks fro bribe then people can directly contact CBI for help.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974998", "title": "Post-Ggraduate Institute of Medical Education, Indian Council of Medical Research look into stress among students", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Is there a lot of stress as a consequence of completely different surroundings for students from outside? In an attempt to find this, PGI's community medicine department in collaboration with the ICMR is working on a project. The project - Salutogenesis - incorporates modules for healthy lifestyle which includes diet, exercise, yoga meditation and philanthropic activities.The main investigator, Dr Amarjeet Singh, said, \"We have a sample of 220 students, half of them are Manipuri. In phase one of the project, we had activities, including meditation, yoga and recreation, for the students. In phase two, we have recently distributed books on holistic health to these college students.The project includes four colleges, GCG-11, GC-11, GCG-42 and Sri Guru Gobind Singh College, Sector 26, students. A book titled ''Mantras for Healthy Lifestyle - A Salutogenic Approach' has been distributed free of cost among college students.Talking about medical news like 'Almonds are good for health'; 'Vit A or Vit C will reduces chances of some disease' 'Cholesterol is bad for heart' etc, Dr Amarjeet said, \"We should remember that our life is not uni-dimensional. No individual factor or intervention can operate alone. For example, if we talk about fat intake and heart disease; it is not the question of fat and heart only. Many factors are involved that lead to heart disease. Fat is just one factor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977914", "title": "School's in session", "text": "While students have been pursuing UG and PG programmes abroad for a long time, they are now also considering summer schools as a viable option. Arshie Chevalwala tells you whyA summer break offers bounties such as summer camps, free time to pursue an old hobby or develop a new interest, and most importantly, an array of opportunities to choose freely from. Nowadays, what most students choose to do is travel or study abroad. 20-year-old Krupa Shah, a final-year BMS student, is headed to Harvard for the summer. She articulates, \"I chose to pursue summer school because investing my time in learning something novel in a new environment will give me a great learning experience from a global perspective. I believe the six-week course will not only provide me great experience from an educational point of view but also will be a great recreational experience.\"In today's academic scenario, with cut-throat competition, students choose a summer programme with the expectation of gaining an added advantage, academically and otherwise. \"My main reason to pursue a course was to gain academic experience abroad. I hope the one-and-a-half month course will help me gain some idea on accounting which will help me in the future,\" says Rishi Kanoi, a BBA student at St Xavier's College, Kolkata, headed to Berkeley for the summer.While summer schools offer top notch academic evolution opportunities to students, they also present the prospect of wholesome personal development and networking chances. Akanksha Agrawal, a 20-year-old BLS LLB student studying in Government Law College, Mumbai, is headed to London School of Economics to pursue a course in international financial law and regulation. She opines, \"Living in a stereotypical atmosphere here, it seems like a good idea to experience the education system abroad and try learning in a different way. I'm not only looking forward to the education system there but also hope to meet students coming from different countries. Outside of the academic scenario, I will definitely be looking forward to learning and exchanging ideas with them.\"Deepak Agrawal, Akanksha's father, believes that living and studying in a heterogeneous environment will be a different exposure for her and thus encourages her to pursue summer school. He says, \"Apart from academic knowledge, studying abroad for the summer gives students an opportunity to interact, learn, understand and share different values of life. It helps promote understanding of various cultures.\"In equivalence to everything that students expect and hope to gain from their summer visits to various schools across the globe, Richard Russo , dean, summer sessions, study abroad, and lifelong learning, Berkeley, points out the benefits of summer school. He says, \"Indian students, who wish to attend Berkeley Summer Sessions, make progress academically by taking courses for credit at UC Berkeley. hey are assigned grades, earn academic credits and receive a Berkeley transcript just like our own students. The units earned on those transcripts are good for life and may be transferred to any university that accepts transfer credit. However, earning credits isn't the only take away of attending a summer programme.\"Many undergraduate students plan on applying for admission to colleges abroad for graduate/ postgraduate degree programmes. Spending a summer on campus, studying with other students, meeting and interacting with faculty and living in a foreign land, all help a student realise if overseas education is the right choice for them. There is also a lot of intercultural learning that occurs during the students' time.Russo concludes, \"Indian students, attending our summer school, interact with students from Europe, Asia, South America, Canada, Mexico and the United States. Having well-rounded international experiences, interactions with students and faculty from different cultures, and making lifelong friendships help shape the minds of our students and assist them in becoming truly global citizens.\"So, if you haven't made a plan for the holidays so far, a summer class is ought to be on the list of possibilities.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12975146", "title": "No breakthrough in Madurai blast, city secured", "text": "MADURAI: A day after the explosion of a low-intensity bomb near a Ram temple in Madurai, various wings of the police department have launched an intense investigation to crack the case.The police are on their toes and have strengthened security across the city in the wake of the ongoing Chithirai festival, as well as the two-day BJP conference scheduled for May 11 and 12.However, the sleuths have not received any clue on the culprits. \"At present, everyone is in the suspicion radar. We don't want to elaborate more on this. The investigation is progressing well,\" said a police officer.The police are inquiring the temple staff, devotees, residents around the Ram temple in Anna Nagar hoping to gather information about the person who had brought the cycle to the spot and left it there. The police are also probing on the identity of the person who made a telephone call to a television journalist informing him about the intended blast from a public telephone booth at East Veli Street near Meenakshi Amman Temple.The police are also investigating whether this could be the handiwork of the supporters of Imam Ali, a Muslim extremist, who was shot dead in a police encounter in 2002. In fact, the police strongly suspect that the earlier blasts as well as planting of the bombs that were detected before the explosion were by Imam Ali's supporters.\"Three bombs that were detected before the explosion in Madurai in the last two years were of low intensity with used timers and wrapped in plastic containers. They were planted in anonymous locations careful enough not to cause any damage. There is a similarity in the three incidents,\" noted a police officer.\"However, just because the modus operandi was similar, we cannot conclude that the same person or gang was behind all the incidents,\" the senior police officer said.Even as the investigation is on, the police department has also instructed all its personnel to alert about any abandoned vehicles or strange objects left in public places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "rajauri garden", "code": "12974294", "title": "Anmol inherits lens love from father", "text": "RAJAURI GARDEN: Looking at her father while he clicked pictures inspired 19-year-old Anmol Toor to pick up the camera and hone her sense of capturing moments in lenses. An undergraduate student at Punjab Agricultural University, Anmol soon realized her passion for the art and took it up seriously, moving from a 'point and shoot' camera to a Nikon D90 semi-pro camera.\"I expressed my desire to my father and he encouraged me right away. I used to carry my point and shoot camera every where I went and clicked whatever seemed interesting,'' says Anmol.What fascinates this young photographer is butterflies and flowers and she finds the perfect ambience for her art at the lush green PAU campus. \"Flowers signify freshness and butterflies carry a message of freedom and that is why I love to click these,'' she adds.Anmol says she doesn't boast of a large collection yet, but 10 of her photographs are her favourites among the all she has clicked. A first prize in the photography competition held during the youth festival of PAU motivated Anmol to get better at her skills. \"I would certainly participate in photography competitions in future as well,'' she beams.I don't forget to carry my camera whenever I travel with my family and click every thing that interests my eyes,'' says Anmol, adding, \"I like to paint as well apart from clicking pictures.''Anmol says she admires the work of other photographers and keeps a tab on it through the internet. \"Practising these arts gives me solace and is a source of relaxation for me,'' says Anmol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12975188", "title": "Two arrested with explosive chemicals", "text": "TRICHY: In a midnight attempt under 'Operation X-Ray' to eliminate the illegal use of explosive chemicals in stone quarries, Thottiyam police arrested two persons and seized 150kg of ammonium nitrate here on Tuesday night.A special police team conducted a surprise raid at a stone quarry in Pappapatti village near Musiri, Trichy district late on Tuesday night. During the search, police found 150kg of ammonium nitrate being kept there without obtaining licence from the government. Hence, they confiscated the material.Meanwhile, the police also arrested two of the four partners of the quarry A Gautham (43) and P Albert (43) from Trichy.However, they are on the lookout for the rest of the partners who are absconding. The police booked the arrested due under section 9 (b), 1 (b) of the Indian Explosives Act, 1884. The duo was later remanded to judicial custody.S Kumaresan, the inspector of police, Thottiyum said the license for using explosives in the quarry expired in March.However, he ruled out any connection with the latest cycle bomb explosion that took place in Madurai ahead of the state conference of the BJP , a few days ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12974911", "title": "Forest department to restrict off-season trek to Agastyakoodam", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala Forest Department is planning to restrict the entry of off-season tourists to Agastyakoodam to not more than 50 people at one go and that too, only for two or three days a week, said Thiruvananthapuram wildlife warden P K Jayakumar Sharma.The decision comes after a TOI report that off-season treks are proving detrimental to Agastyakoodam. The place has been listed among the 34 biodiversity hotspots in the world.Forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar held discussions with the forest department officials on Wednesday and said a tender for renovating the dormitory at Athirumala base camp will be floated on May 10.The government had sanctioned Rs 10 lakh for its renovation but contractors were hard to come by as the dormitory is located in the interior forest area with no approach road. \"We can get the government to put in extra money and push the project with known contractors as the work needs to get done as soon as possible,\" said Sharma.The forest department has also decided to reduce the usage of plastic in the ecologically sensitive area by promoting solid food like idli, poori and chappati that can be wrapped in leaves rather than sambar, porridge etc that are carried in plastic bags.Department heads will meet to discuss the date for border combing operation. \"The border area is not fenced instead there are symbols painted on rocks. While fish denotes Tamil Nadu area, Coconut palm denotes the Kerala border. A group of 20 foresters will patrol the area before May 30 as the rains have let up,\" he said.While the department promises to improve security at Bonacaud during off-season, frisking of travelers for plastic and alcohol bottles will be increased said the department officials. Officials also say that burning plastic at Athirumala is the only way to rid the area of the existing plastic. Warblers and Waders an NGO have helped clean the area on April 21 and brought down six sacks of trash, said Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12976665", "title": "Vazhakku Enn 18/9 has two dimensions of narration", "text": "Balaji Shakthivel of Kadhal fame says that Vazhakku Enn 18/9 which features new faces will have two dimensions of narration.One on the perspective of the protagonist and the other will be with respect to the antagonist. As like his previous movies Vazhakku Enn 18/9 is also inspired on a true story.Vazhakku Enn 18/9 has debutants Mithun, Sri, Urmila Maahanta and Manisha Yadav in the lead. Music is scored by Prassana of Smile Pinky fame and Camera is cranked by Vijay Milton.The movie which is jointly produced by UTV Motion Pictures and Lingusamy's Thirupathi Brothers banners is releasing this Friday the 4th of May. Let's wait to see what the Kadhal director has in his kitty, to surprise us with this Vazhakku Enn.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972175", "title": "Army gears up for life without its 'buddies'", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a system that is often decried as colonial, but evokes considerable nostalgia among children of Army officers who grew up thinking of the 'Bhaiyyas' as members of their extended family. Now, in a surprise move, the Indian Army has come up with a proposal to end the 'sahayak' system, or deputing trained soldiers to do personal work of officers.The proposal was submitted to the defence ministry in early April, and has received a \"positive\" response from defence minister A K Antony , sources said.Estimates vary, but at least 30,000 combatants, more than an Army Corps strength, are believed to be deployed to assist serving officers and their families as part of the buddy system.The Army headquarters has suggested that the 'sahayaks' be replaced by civilian personnel. Sources said Shimla-based Army Training Command carried out a detailed study of the concept of buddy system existing in major armies around the world. The study was ordered by General V K Singh early on his tenure as Army chief. The training command submitted several scenarios, from which the final 'solution' was submitted to the ministry.Besides instances of misuse of these soldiers, there has also been concern about the kind of jobs they are made to do, and it being an affront to soldiers' self-esteem. The parliamentary standing committee on defence had called for its end, and Antony too has been in favour of abolishing it.The Army proposes to replace soldiers with two kinds of civilians - Service Assistants (SA) and Non-Combatant Assistants (NCA). It would require 2,358 SAs and 22,620 NCAs to replace sahayaks. The Army has projected a monthly expenditure of Rs 3.54 crore for the SAs and Rs 11.31 crore for NCAs. The annual expenditure for the civilian setup to be brought in place of 'sahayaks' would be Rs 178.20 crore a year, according to Army estimates.The proposal is to provide service assistants to all the 'flag ranks', officers above the rank of brigadier. There are 1,510 officers in the flag ranks of brigadiers, major generals, lieutenant generals and general.Of the 1,414 colonels holding command of battalions, the 848 who are in family stations would also be entitled to SAs. Together, 2,358 SAs would be required, Army says. Each of these SAs would cost the exchequer Rs 15,000 per month.There are 30,450 'field ranks' (major, lieutenant colonel and colonel), excluding the 1,414 colonels who are commanding battalions. Of them, 18,270 are in peace stations while 12,180 are in field stations. The Army has proposed that those in peace stations (18,270) would be authorized a non-combatant assistant each. The NCAs can be hired on a contract of Rs 5,000 per month, the Army suggested.In the rank of captain and lieutenant, the Army has a sanctioned strength of 14,500 officers. Of them, 8,700 are in peace stations while the remaining 5,800 are posted in the field. Only those posted in peace stations would be entitled to NCAs, that too two officers will share one NCA. This would mean that 4,350 NCAs would be required for captains and lieutenants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974706", "title": "Dakshina Kannada district police website set for a revamp", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district police has gone off-line. The first police unit in Karnataka to explore the World Wide Web to create an interface with the media and the public at large way back in December 2005 through a blog, DK district police shifted from maintaining a blog to a proper website four years later, in December 2009.Recognizing certain shortcomings in the website, DK police has now gone off-line for what SP Abhishek Goyal said is a revamp.The website is in the initial phases of redesigning, Abhishek told TOI, adding the district police has plans to use it for a variety of purposes including as a tool to monitor progress in implementing the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens System aka Sakala. \"It is better to use an in-house product to keep tabs on how the department is responding to Sakala and monitor tasks given to officers concerned,\" SP said.Helping the district police in revamping the website is a Hyderabad-based Zestwings IT Services, which developed the Smart Information Messenger for Public and Law Enforcement Engagement Karnataka (SIMPLEE K) for the western range of the police department. \"Zestwings has come forward to help us with the revamp of the website for free and there is no financial burden on us,\" he addedThe revamped website, SP said will be capable of hosting large-sized picture files. \"We also have plans to load good quality videos that can be of use not only to the public but also for the department personnel,\" he said. In addition, the revamped website will be more interactive enabling netizens to communicate with the department and will have additional features such as Google Maps and clear jurisdictional picture of the district police unit.Feedback received from citizens when the revamped website goes online will be used to make the site better, SP said.It was then SP B Dayananda, now additional commissioner of police (Crime), Bangalore city police who started the weblog in 2005 with purpose of disseminating police news of the district to those interested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12975140", "title": "Nithyananda threatens mutts with legal action", "text": "MADURAI: The nomination of self-styled godman Nithyananda as the 293rd pontiff of the centuries-old Madurai adheenam is snowballing into a war between various mutts in Tamil Nadu.A day after religious heads met at Dharmapuram adheenam in Mayiladuthurai and adopted a resolution demanding the removal of Nithyananda as the 293rd pontiff, the controversial godman shot back with a warning of legal action against the Dharmapuram adheenam.Nithyananda, who held a hurriedly organised press conference at the Madurai mutt premises on Wednesday, said the mutt heads who passed a resolution at Dharmapuram adheenam did not give him an opportunity to explain his nomination as pontiff before demanding his removal.\"They have not sought the self-explanation from Madurai adheenam or me in person before passing the resolution. Let them give an opportunity to explain ourselves and if they are not convinced I am ready to resign the appointment,\" he said.As the recent resolution passed by other adheenams has deeply hurt the sentiments of Nithyananda and his disciples, they have decided to approach the court with various sections on criminal conspiracy, defamation and promoting enmity between groups.\"The sentiments of the disciples are hurt by the attitude of other adheenams and they have decided to approach the court. We are giving 10 days' time to repeal their resolutions, else the disciples of Dhyana Peetam in Bidadi near Bangalore have decided to stage a hunger fast in front of the Dharmapuram adheenam. They have also decided to send 1,000 letters signed with blood demanding legal action against the religious heads, who passed the resolution,\" Nithyananda said.Nithyananda also contented that the caste controversy raised by other adheenams was not right. \"Without understanding the original caste background, the adheenams are making it an issue,\" he quipped. He also mentioned the protests against him by a few outfits as the handiwork of adheenams which did not approve his appointment.\"Henceforth, they will be responsible if some untoward incident happens due to these protests,\" he mentioned. Nithyananda also assured that in no way, he will cause any damage to the properties of Madurai adheenam but will aspire to increase the property values. He also mentioned that he had disclosed the asset values of Nithyananda Dhyana Peetam in Bangalore and will disclose the asset value of Madurai adheenam as well.Madurai adheenam 292nd pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar said, \"As many as seven pontiffs of Madurai adheenam have been from the Nithyananda's caste. So it is not an issue in choosing him as my successor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12972309", "title": "High court suspends probe order against DGP", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a huge relief for director general of police (DGP) Dinesh Reddy and CID additional DG S V Ramana Murthy, a vacation bench of the AP high court on Wednesday suspended an earlier judgment of a single judge who, besides ordering a probe against the alleged property transactions done in the name of DGP's wife, also directed the registry to launch criminal contempt proceedings against Dinesh and Ramana Murthy for filing an allegedly misleading affidavit in the court. The bench, comprising Justice G Chandraiah and Justice N Ravishankar, made this order while admitting the writ appeals filed by the CID and the DGP and issued notices to all the respondents that include the state government and another DG rank officer Umesh Kumar and several other authorities to file their replies within four weeks to the contentions raised in the writ appeals. Earlier, the single judge, after hearing a petition filed by Umesh Kumar, had ordered a probe by a senior officer against Dinesh Reddy and Umesh Kumar, as well as a case of contempt against the DGP and CID chief Ramana Murthy.Appearing for the appellants, additional advocate general K G Krishna Murthy told the court that the single judge, who himself rejected the idea of a CBI probe into the alleged property transactions of the DGP's wife, should not have ordered a separate probe into the same issue by a senior officer. Particularly when the state issued a memo for a probe into the alleged transactions even prior to the order of the single judge, the additional AG said.The additional AG also said that the contempt proceedings ordered against Dinesh and Ramana Murthy too were uncalled for and unlawful. There was no suppression of facts as was said by the single judge and all the records have been produced before the single judge, he said. There was only a typographical error in the affidavit filed by CID's additional DG where the name of Dinesh was typed instead of the name of the DG, CID, he said.Vedula Venkata Ramana, the counsel for Dinesh, told the court that the properties that accrued to Dinesh's wife were on account of the 'Sthreedan' amount from her parents. No directions are required to be passed against the transactions that are allegedly done by her with this amount, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974280", "title": "Learning the art of packing", "text": "International Institute of Fashion Technology (IIFT), Sarabha Nagar, started a 15 day-workshop on trousseau packing on Wednesday. The workshop also aims at training students in crafting articles like carry bags, ring trays, jewellery boxes, baskets and decorative envelopes.Students used packing materials like tissues, nets, pearls, beads, swarovski, sequins, gotta and decorative flowers and even made eco-friendly paper bags using newspapers. They discussed how to use various waste material to create designer packing articles.Divya Kapoor, a student from Civil Lines, said she finds trousseau packing interesting and has plans of starting her own venture in this field. \"So, this workshop would help me a lot,'' she added.Vanita Gulati, a student from Mohar Singh Nagar, said this workshop is an apt platform to learn the new craft. \"I learnt to design a jewellery box at the workshop and I am eager to go home and try my hands at it,'' said Sherrih Bhardwaj, a student from Sarabha Nagar.\"Packaging is an emerging industry today as people have realized that any product needs to look good from the outside as well. Trousseau packing will be the next big thing and that is why I am attending this workshop,'' said Sugandhi Sood from Dandi Swami road. Rishi Nagar resident Reetika Gupta said she wants to learn the art of packing so that just one glance at the product lures some one in to buying it.IIFT director Geeta Nagrath said there are many avenues to prosper in this field but not many are aware of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12971711", "title": "Kings XI Punjab more confident now: David Hussey", "text": "BANGALORE: With his side jumping to fourth place with Wednesday's thrilling four-wicket win, Kings XI Punjab skipper David Hussey says his side is confident now and keen to better in the remaining matches.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsPunjab almost lost the match from a winning position but Piyush Chawla held his nerves to smash a six off the penultimate ball to steer his side home while chasing 159 against Royal Challengers Bangalore.\"We tried to clutch defeat from the jaws of victory ... but a win is a win. We have confidence now. We need to go back and perform in front of our home crowd,\" Hussey said.\"Momentum is a big part. We did well against Chennai and now we want to do even better when we go to Mohali for the next game,\" he said.Bangalore skipper said they were some runs short despite some good batting by Chris Gayle (71) and Virat Kohli (45) as they put on 158 for six.\"The last five overs of both innings were interesting, lots of wickets lots of pressure. Only scoring 30 runs off our last five overs really hurt us,\" he said.\"We've got some big games coming up, we need to get back on that roll of winning and make the semis,\" he added.Azhar Mahmood, who took three wickets including that of Gayle, was adjudged man-of-the-match.\"Love it, I'm enjoying my cricket. Two big wins. Quite pleased with the performance. We just believe in ourselves, we like each other's company, each others' success. Everyone's working hard, it's paying off,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "anjuna", "code": "12973901", "title": "Russian in judicial custody for overstaying", "text": "ANJUNA: Russian national Andrei Kildzeyeu, 38, who was arrested for overstaying in Goa without any valid documents by Anjuna police, has been sent to 14 days judicial custody by the JMFC, Mapusa.Sources had informed Anjuna police that a Russian admitted in a private hospital in Anjuna was staying in Goa without any valid documents. \"When a police team visited the hospital to verify the information, it was confirmed that Andrei was staying in Goa without proper documents,\" said police sources.Anjuna police registered the complaint on behalf of the state on Tuesday for staying in India illegally without possessing valid travel documents such as passport and visa.Police sources said that the accused arrived in Goa towards the end of November on a two-month visa. Police also said that the accused claimed that he lost his passport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12977156", "title": "Geetika's fight continues as visa problem crops up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite winning the case in the Delhi High Court against the Wrestling Federation of India, Geetika Jakhar's Olympic dream is still hanging by a thread as she is yet to get her visa for Helsinki, Finland, where the last qualifying event for London Games is starting on Friday.The Indian squad has already reached the venue, except Geetika, whose hopes are now pinned on the Sports Ministry to get her visa application cleared.The Delhi High Court had last week directed the WFI to allow Geetika to participate in the qualifiers in Helsinki and obtain a visa for her.The matter had reached the court when WFI decided to hold retrials in her 63kg category despite Geetika winning the trials by beating Alka Tomar on April 19 to qualify for the Helsinki event.Geetika first knocked the doors of the Sports Ministry and then the Delhi High court, which ultimately ruled in her favour.According to a WFI official, the Federation applied for her visa on Monday despite court directing them on Friday (April 28) and it has not been cleared yet.\"All my teammates have left for Finland. There is no fault of mine if visa application was filed late. My case was in court. All my hard work of 13-14 years would go waste if I fail to reach Finland on time,\" Geetika said.\"I can still reach there if I get my visa today. My weighing is on May 5th and bout on May 6th. So, if I get visa today I can reach on time and compete. This is my last chance to qualify for the Olympics.\"The Ministry had helped me when I approached them when the Federation tried to cheat me. Now again, if they can help me get visa, I can pursue my dream of representation the nation in Olympics,\" Geetika, a silver medallist at the 2006 Doha Asian Games, added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12973858", "title": "Man who killed his father remanded to 7 days police custody", "text": "PONDA: Mangesh alias Sunil Pandhari Gaude, a 32-year-old resident of Galiwada-Usgao in Ponda, who had allegedly killed his father on Tuesday evening was remanded to seven days of police custody by the Ponda judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) on Wednesday.Gaude allegedly killed his father on Tuesday evening for confronting him about his alcohol addiction. The accused was under the influence of alcohol when he committed the crime, the Ponda police said.The Ponda police handed over the 64-year-old man's body after an autopsy was conducted at Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital at Bambolim on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar/nawashahr", "code": "12974025", "title": "Procurement hit as officials seek clearer norms", "text": "JALANDHAR/NAWASHAHR: Wheat procurement was hit in the region as officials of state agencies stopped purchases, demanding clearer guidelines about the future course of action as grains were damaged. \"The moisture content is high now and due to this loss of lustre, moisture would come down during storage. Subsequently, the stocks would also lose weight,\" said an official of a procurement agency.In Jalandhar, Nawashahr and Kapurthala, officials stayed away from procurement for most part of the day and there were very little purchases in the evening on Wednesday. In parts of Majha region also, the procurement was hit. However, by evening, DCs and district food and supply commissioners of the respective districts had taken up the matter with top bosses in the state, who has reportedly assured to sort out the issue at policy level, sources said.In Nawashahr, arhatiyas blocked traffic for three hours at Chandigarh Chowk as procurement was not taking place since Monday. However, they were cajoled by officials of district administration to lift the blockade with the assurance that the matter was being taken up with the state government. DC Shruti Singh was however not available for comments.Officials revealed that wheat would be stacked in the open and would thus be more exposed to weight loss and diseases, due to loss of luster. \"When FCI moves the stocks, it will refuse to lift stocks where grains are damaged and discolored. The weight of the produce would also be decreasing and then, all the losses will be attributed to junior officials, who will have to pay from their pockets for no fault of theirs,\" said a senior official of a state procurement agency.\"The state government should frame guidelines relaxing the conditions, as the problems arose due to rains, so that officials are not harassed for no fault of theirs,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973922", "title": "Veteran Konkani actress Tiatrist Jessie Dias narrates life story", "text": "PANAJI: Veteran Konkani actress Jessie Dias was recently featured by the Tiatr Academy Goa (TAG) in its special series 'Kolakarak Bhett' (Meet the Artiste) at its conference hall, Campal Trade Centre, Panaji. The popular programme was witnessed by several of Jessie's tiatr colleagues, tiatr lovers and others, who got the opportunity to hear her unreel her eventful life and career on stage, with entertaining vignettes.In the interactive session which followed, several of her colleagues - Josephine, Platilda, Sharon, Roseferns, Anil Kumar , Premanand Lotlikar, Tomazinho Cardozo, Bonaventure D'Pietro and others posed personal posers, which Jessie answered frankly.Each one lauded Jessie's very special characteristic of not only being a consummate artiste, but one with a very helpful nature, and for being always concerned with the tiatr fraternity, on and off the stage. They gave example of instances of special traits, which have earned her the title 'Mother of the Stage'.An audio clip of veteran tragedienne Ophelia's telephone call to congratulate Jessie was also replayed on the occasion.Curry, Dhond on ICG's board of trustees: In a meeting of the sub-committee of election of trustees of the The International Centre-Goa (ICG), Dona Paula, held on April 28, Collin Curry and Gaurish Dhond were declared elected to the board of trustees.Ten candidates contested for the two seats of the elected trustees. Out of the total 262 ballot papers received by the ICG, 230 were declared valid. Curry polled 89 votes while Dhond polled 95 votes. The tenure of the elected trustees is of three years.Pratapsingh Rane, president, ICG, and chairperson of the sub-committee on election of trustees; Shrinivas Dempo, life trustee, ICG and member, sub-committee on election of trustees; and Nandini Sahai, director, ICG, and member secretary, sub-committee on election of trustees, who were present for the meeting and counting process, conveyed their congratulations to the winning candidates.POWER SHUTDOWNNerul (May 4): Between 9am and 5pm. Areas to be affected - Fatta Vaddo, Bhatiar, Dhanadi, Firguem Bhat and Nerul.Bicholim (May 4): Between 9.30am and 5pm. Areas to be affected - Banderwada, Gaonkarwada, Shantadurga temple and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12974975", "title": "Shahi\u2019s judicial custody extended", "text": "KANPUR: The chief metropolitan magistrate of Kanpur Nagar on Wednesday extended the judicial custody remand of DySP Amarjeet Shahi in a case of sexual exploitation of the daughter of a flight instructor.The DySP was arrested by the police on April 18 and was sent to the jail in judicial custody. Generally custody remand is extended by the court when accused is produced before it. But the administration, sensing some trouble in the court premises, decided not to produce Sahi in person before the court and instead sought extension of remand through video-conferencing.Meanwhile, hearing on Shahi's bail application was once again adjourned on plea of defence counsel. However, the court summoned the accused DySP's wife Manjeet Kaur to verify the affidavit given by her. In her 20-point affidavit, she had claimed that at the age of 57, her husband Sahi was incapable of physical relationship.The battery of counsels which was supporting the prosecution urged before the court that since there was no photograph of deponent on affidavit, therefore, to verify the signature and content of documents Manjeet Kaur should be summoned. The court thereafter issued notice to Manjeet Kaur and asked her to appear in person before the court on May 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "12974159", "title": "Thrissur Pooram ends on a note of panic", "text": "THRISSUR: At least 62 people, including children and women, were injured when an elephant ran amok during the 'upacharam chollipiriyal' (bidding farewell) ceremony of the Thrissur Pooram on Wednesday.The condition of five people including a woman is serious. The injured have been admitted to various city hospitals.Panic gripped people who were present at the Thekkinkadu Maidan to witness 'pakal pooram' when the elephant Unnippilly Kalidasan, which carried the idol of Paramekkavu Bhagavathy, ran amok. Many fell on the ground during the run for life.The elephant started running from South Gopura Nada and proceeded to Sreemoolasthanam. It later entered the Swaraj Round and ran till CMS School main gate. The elephant was brought under control by the elephant task force with the help of mahouts, veterinary doctors, police and fire brigade.Though the incident created panic at the pooram venue, timely intervention of police and pooram organizing authorities ensured speedy control of the crowd.Meanwhile, a press release from Thrissur collectorate stated that all treatment expenditure of the injured will be taken care of by the devaswom authorities. A magisterial level inquiry into the incident will be held soon and the report will be submitted by the revenue divisional officer.Meanwhile, secretary of the Heritage Animal Task Force V K Venkitachalam alleged that the pooram organizers failed to follow the strict direction from the high court to arrange a separate space for managing crowd if any untoward incident took place during pooram. The organization also demanded a detailed inquiry into Wednesday's incident and stern action against the offenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12975145", "title": "Navsari police face court's ire in Dhruti suicide probe", "text": "SURAT: Navsari police have come under severe criticism from the court for its shoddy investigation into the sensational Dhruti suicide case.Rejecting the bail plea of Dhruti's father-in-law Gordhan Patel and brother-in-law Hiral, who are the accused in this case, principal district and sessions judge M H Shah observed that the reconstruction of the incident was a \"miscarriage of investigation,\" public prosecutor Manish Desai said.This was the second time in the last 10 days that the court has expressed unhappiness with the probe. Earlier, a head constable with Jalalpor police station was suspended for allowing the accused to move freely during the remand period.Desai told TOI that the court pulled up police for their lacklustre approach and said that since the beginning, police's role is not neutral and it is acting under influence of the accused.The duo was refused bail as the court observed that they may influence the investigation if released and may tamper with the evidence. The police also tabled the report of reconstruction of crime. According to Desai, the court observed that the reconstruction carried out during seven days' remand of the two accused is only taking the investigation in a different direction.The court had said that that it was not clear from the inquest report as to how the victim reached 6.4 ft high pipe to hang herself. There is no mention in the report about any support being used by the victim to reach this height. In another serious observation, the court sighted overwriting in the inquest report during first reconstruction of the suicide. The court stated that there are instances of overwriting in the report.Dhruti Patel ended her life on March 25 in Navsari at her in-law's residence. She was rushed to the hospital by family members without informing police or any other relative. She was declared dead and 14 injuries were found on her body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972337", "title": "Compensation hike for coal mine land okayed", "text": "NAGPUR: The Maharashtra government on Wednesday accorded a Cabinet nod for an increased compensation for land acquired on behalf of the public sector Western Coalfields Ltd. Henceforth the owner of the land will be paid compensation ranging from Rs 6 lakh to Rs 15 lakh an acre depending on the category of the farm land.Fallow land would get the minimum of 6 lakh an acre, dry farm land would get 6 lakh while an irrigated plot would be paid 15 lakh an acre. The Chhattisgarh state had implemented the rate structure already and there was pressure from farmers and political parties in the state to adopt the same. BJP MP from Chandrapur Hansraj Ahir had taken up the matter with the chief minister. Much of the coal-bearing land in Vidarbha where WCL mines are located is in Chandrapur, Yavatmal, Nagpur and Wardha districts and farmers were deprived of the right compensation as per current market rates.According to the government, under the 12th five year plan, an estimated 19,133 hecatres of land for the coal mines to get an expected output of 617 metric tones of coal. Till now, the state government issued notification for land acquisition and paid a fixed price to the displaced land owners. More often, this price was challenged in courts. Once the cases reached judgment stage, many a time, 5 to 10 times the original price fixed by the government was awarded by the courts. The government was also asked by courts to pay interest on the hiked amount.All these delays could be avoided with the liberal rates now accepted by the government. The state, however, would not be burdened by these new rates as the coal companies foot this bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972512", "title": "53-yr-old woman dies of gastroenteritis", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidya Nagbhide, a 53-year-old woman from Angulimal Nagar suffering from gastroenteritis, died on Tuesday night. At least 15 more residents of the locality in North Nagpur are suffering from water borne diseases.Nagbhide's relatives said that she contracted gastroenteritis due to contaminated water and was recently admitted to Janta Hospital.A senior NMC health official, requesting anonymity, admitted that the cases of water diseases are on the rise. In last month, alone the department registered over 120 patients suffering from gastro which include 60 males. According to NMC data, 1,312 gastro patients were reported from April 2011 to March 2012 and 153 were treated for hepatitis.When asked about the preventive measures being taken, the official said, \"We take action only when we detect a case from any locality. Before that, it is the water works department's job to ensure clean water and sanitation. We will be continuing educating people through camps and awareness programmes though.\"He has also warned that people should take precaution while consuming water as contaminated water might lead to jaundice and other water-borne diseases. \"Jaundice does not happen instantly. You might get infected today and suffer from jaundice a month later,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12976738", "title": "Enrique Iglesias returns to Madrid after 12 years", "text": "Pop idol Enrique Iglesias returns to his native Madrid to offer his first concert in Spain in more than a decade, an event to which he is going after \"two weeks without sleeping\", he said.\"It's really special to be able to return to Madrid after 12 years,\" the singer-songwriter, who has sold more than 70 million albums, told EFE. \"I can't believe that so much time has passed without giving a concert there.\"\"I'm happy. The tickets for the concert are sold out and I really want to give the fans a big show and for them to enjoy themselves. There are many years and many songs I want to share with them,\" said the 36-year-old artist.His latest album, \"Euphoria\", returned the son of Julio Iglesias to the front rank of international performers, thanks to the success of songs like \"I like It\", \"Tonight (I'm Lovin' You)\" and \"Dirty Dancer\".\"I think that the reaction of the people is going to be spectacular. I really want to. I've been going without sleep for two weeks because I'm nervous. It's 12 years without performing in Spain and I've even been practicing with Yandel a version of the 'Macarena',\" he said, laughing.Iglesias, Jennifer Lopez and the duo Wisin and Yandel announced Monday in Los Angeles that they would make a joint tour of North America during the summer.rd", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973152", "title": "Chidambaram allays states' fears about overarching powers of NCTC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Setting the tone for the upcoming CMs' meeting on NCTC on May 5, home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday allayed fears of states that it would encroach upon their rights as he underlined that fighting terror was a shared responsibility between the Centre and states.He questioned the opposition about the amendment to the BSF Act, saying it gave no extra power to the paramilitary force but was only aimed at regularizing its deployment in states that was not provided under the original law. \"Dealing with violence and terrorism is the shared responsibility. While we are willing to share our responsibility, we want states to share their responsibility,\" Chidambaram said in reply to a debate in the Lok Sabha on the demand for grants for the home ministry. The demand for grants was passed by a voice vote after the cut motions were defeated.Referring to the NCTC which is being opposed by many CMs, including UPA ally Mamata Banerjee , Chidambaram said, it was an off-shoot of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act that was debated and passed by Parliament in 2004 and amended in 2008.\"I am accused of encroaching states' powers. What power am I encroaching upon?... (Under the NCTC), the designated agency may arrest an accused and hand him over to the nearest police station immediately,\" he said.He was referring to the UAPA's provision 43(A) which empowers police to arrest and search and seize that is being opposed by the states. \"You should have said what I was doing for last three years. I was tardy.. I delayed it for three years. But you are accusing me of encroaching your powers,\" Chidambaram said addressing the states.Key UPA allies Trinamool and DMK on Wednesday demanded wider consultations on the issue saying the move could infringe upon rights of states to deal with law and order problem.\"NCTC formation will lead to encroachment on states' power and the issue needs more discussion,\" Suvendu Adhikari (TMC) said, while participating in a discussion on demands for grants of home ministry in the Lok Sabha.Another UPA ally, DMK, made it clear to the Centre that the NCTC should be used for joint operations and freedom of the state should not be affected. \"Freedom of states should not be affected. We are not against NCTC. It should be used for joint operations,\" J K Ritheesh Shivkumar (DMK) said.BJP member Anurag Thakur too demanded that the states be consulted before operationalizing NCTC. He feared that the NCTC, like the CBI, could be misused by the Centre to achieve its political objectives.Criticizing the Centre for its move to set up the NCTC, Pinaki Misra (BJD) asked Chidambaram to \"climb down from your high horse\" and engage with CMs on this sensitive issue during the May 5 meeting.M Thambidurai ( AIADMK) said, in the name of coordination, the Centre should not interfere with the states' rights. Nama Nageshwara Rao (TDP) said, his party chief had sent suggestions on the controversial NCTC issue, to the Centre which should be considered. Khagen Das (CPM) also opposed setting up of the NCTC.The only UPA ally NCP's Supriya Sule supported the Centre on the NCTC and said, the Maharashtra government has already conveyed its views on the matter to the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12974933", "title": "Boycott costs Air India Rs 6 lakh in 2 days", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Air India has lost Rs 6 lakh after the Agricultural Products and Processed Foods Exporters Association (APPEXA) decided to boycott the national carrier following its decision to increase fuel surcharge.The airline has lost out on revenue generated from almost 13 tonnes of cargo to various destinations in West Asia over the past two days. The biggest loss was reported on Wednesday's flight to Riyadh, which is a wide-bodied aircraft that usually carries around 10 tonnes of cargo (Rs 47.70 per kg) on a weekly basis.APPEXA has boycotted exporting goods indefinitely since May 1 after receiving a circular stating that the airline had increased its fuel surcharge by an additional Rs 6 per kg.\"Air India had increased its freight charges five times in the past three years. We cannot pass on the escalated price to our importers in the Gulf region as we have no monopoly on the product in the global competitive market.Plantains from Sri Lanka or bananas from Lebanon are at par with those produced in Kerala. The non-resident Keralite's (NRK) purchasing power is on the decrease. The reason why they continue to procure from Kerala is due to the emotional attachment to the homeland, but given the increase in prices, they will surely look elsewhere,\" said Dil Koshy secretary APPEXA.IATA approved cargo agents are also unhappy with Air India's move to increase fuel surcharge. \"Cargo agents are entitled to 5% commission on the basic freight charge. With Air India increasing surcharge and leaving the basic price untouched, it is a clever move to avoid an increase in agents' commission,\" said an agent with Air Travel Enterprises.APPEXA had taken up the matter with the newly appointed Thiruvananthapuram Air India Station Manager SBS Jacob but is yet to get a favourable response for the same.\"We have also written to Harminder Rana, executive director Cargo (Mumbai) and followed it up with a phone call. But we found that she had retired and the position is currently vacant. We do not know who will redress the issue,\" said Koshy.With Air India increasing its surcharge, foreign airlines are also likely to follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973026", "title": "Woman MP claims rough treatment by Gujarat police, cries in House", "text": "NEW DELHI: A tribal woman MP from Gujarat broke down in Lok Sabha on Wednesday alleging rough treatment by state police, triggering an outpouring of solidarity and demand for action from members across party lines.Dahod MP Prabha Kishore Taviad sat quietly as Congress leader Girija Vyas stood up to recount her tale, saying the hurt MP was not in a position to talk.Prabha was stopped by Gujarat police from attending the Gujarat Divas celebrations on Tuesday. Vyas said policemen pulled Prabha by her hair and dragged her before bundling her into a jeep. She was allegedly taken 400 km away and dropped only after she told the police that she had go to Delhi to attend Parliament.\"She was treated like a dacoit,\" Vyas said, adding that the plight concerned a member of a House which had women as the Speaker, the leader of opposition and the chairperson of the ruling alliance. \"Will the Draupadi episode be repeated?\" she said rhetorically, as Taviad showed bruises on her arms.Vyas said Gujarat government, which was praised all around, behaved like in 2002 when women were ripped open to kill the womb.Leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj called the issue serious and said she would talk to chief minister Narendra Modi and get back to the House. The comment led to protests.MPs were on their feet when parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal proposed that the issue be referred to the privileges committee.RJD chief Lalu Prasad said the incident could not be brushed under the carpet by referring it to the privileges panel. Samajwadi MP Reoti Raman Singh too opposed Bansal's proposal. They were joined by BSP, Trinamool Congress and AIADMK in seeking swift action.Presiding officer P C Chacko said the issue would be decided by Speaker Meira Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973589", "title": "Netizens step in to bring Leela Samson back to Kalakshetra", "text": "CHENNAI: An online petition asking for Leela Samson to be reinstated as the director of Kalakshetra Foundation is fast gathering support on the internet. More than 800 netizens pledged their support to bring back Samson, who recently quit the arts education centre over questions about continuing after she turned 60.The petition was put up by dancer Anita Ratnam on change.org and received support from across the world within 32 hours of being online. \"It is an emotional response to show that Leela Samson is not alone and that there are at least a thousand people who want her back at Kalakshetra,\" said Ratnam, who has been in London since the news of her resignation broke. Ratnam plans to give a copy of the petition to the governing board of Kalakshetra when she returns to the city on Saturday. \"It is an appeal to the government to take another look at the technicalities and amend laws if needed,\" she said.Ratnam, who is an alumna of Kalakshetra, is an executive board member of the Sangeet Natak Akademi of which Samson is the chairperson. \"The online forum is a wonderful platform to represent multiple voices from across the world in support of Leela Samson. I don't expect it to work miracles but it is the least we can do,\" said Ratnam.The petition, which is addressed to the ministry of culture and the board, urges dancers, artists and members of civil society to speak up for Samson and protect the \"new lease of life and vibrancy\" that the institution has found under her stewardship. \"Working with Samson on a film, I came to know her deep commitment to her medium and to Kalakshetra, its traditions and potential. It would be a pity, were she, for whom dance is a way of life, to be replaced by someone who would take up the directorship as 'another job',\" wrote filmmaker Arun Khopkar, who made 'Sanchari', a film on Samson.While the petition asserted that the matter needs to be probed to \"uncover the many layers of allegations and insinuations that have been levelled against Leela Samson\", artists continued to voice their support. \"Under Leela's directorship Kalasketra has flowered, nurturing the arts in an atmosphere deeply respectful of tradition and at the same time vibrantly aware of contemporary realities. It would be a grave disservice to the arts in general and Kalakshetra in particular if she cannot continue as director,\" wrote noted Hindustani vocalist Vidya Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973204", "title": "Serial killer Vijay Palande was a police informer", "text": "MUMBAI: Vijay Palande alias Karan Sood, the main accused in the murders of aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar and New Delhi-based businessman Arunkumar Tikku, was also a police informer. However, he was never referred to as Palande or Sood in police circles. He always had a nickname.Palande is a gangster who was convicted of the murder of Anup Das and his father Swaraj Ranjan Das in 1998 in order to wrest their Juhu property. He was initially released on parole, and was granted bail in 2009.Officials admitted on Wednesday that since his release from jail, Palande has been a source of information for a section of senior police officers. Cops have two types of informers: those who provide information to law-enforcing agencies in exchange for money; and those who provide crucial bits of information to the crime branch in order to 'fix' rival gang members. \"It appears that Palande was in the second category of informers,'' a senior official told TOI.Police commissioner Arup Patnaik told TOI on Wednesday he had called for a report from the crime branch on the entire Palande-Sood episode.\"Since it has been established that Palande had direct links with police inspector Sanjay Shinde, we have placed him (Shinde) under suspension and are awaiting the report on his role in the affair.''Palande was arrested by the crime branch on April 10 for his alleged involvement in the killing of Tikku on April 7. During the investigation, his alleged role in the murder of Kakkar also came to light. Kakkar, who went missing on March 5 and whose body parts police claim to have recovered from Kumbharli Ghat near Ratnagiri, had told his family that he was meeting influential people in Mumbai thanks to a new acquaintance called Karan Sood.The senior official said the role of 'khabris' (police informers) is never discussed in public or even with higher officials, since it's the responsibility of the crime branch to maintain secrecy. \"The cops go to great lengths to shield their informers. If the khabri's name is ever disclosed, even inadvertently, his life will be put in danger. It will also adversely affect other informers. In fact, the crime branch never shares the names of its informers with even the police chief or the home minister. Once an informer gives us information, we only verify if the information is correct or false. If it's true, then we act on it,'' he said.In the Tikku murder case, the crime branch found that inspector Sanjay Shinde had helped Palande give his police captors the slip on April 10. However, he was rearrested hours later. Shinde was suspended and a high-level probe initiated against him.In the case of Palande, the official said it was yet to be ascertained if he was using crime branch officers for his personal gain or whether the sleuths were using him. \"We will get a clear picture only when the crime branch submits its report to the police commissioner,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12975216", "title": "12-yr-old boy\u2019s body found on railway tracks", "text": "KANPUR: The body of a 12-year-old boy was found under mysterious circumstances from the railway tracks under Chaubeypur police station here on Wednesday.' Identified as Divyanshu Tewari, son of Deopal Nagar resident Raj Kumar, the boy had gone to purchase medicines from a nearby medicine shop on Wednesday morning and not returned since then. He was a class VII student. The police suspect it to be a case of suicide but the kin have ruled out the possibility. The body has been sent for postmortem and police investigation is on.In his complaint, Raj Kumar said his son, Divyanshu, had left house to purchase medicines on Wednesday morning. Later, he came to know about his son's death. The spot where Divyansh' body was found was not very far from the house where the incident took place, said Raj Kumar.A police official at Chaubeypur police station said: \"So far, there is no concrete evidence to say how the boy died. The post-mortem report is awaited. A case has been registered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974435", "title": "Kochi police launch drive against molesters", "text": "KOCHI: Molesters beware. The city police have prepared a set of criteria for identifying those who make sexual advances to women waiting at bus stops, parks, theatres, shopping malls and railway stations.The specifically formed all-women shadow police team has nabbed 60 people from various places in the city in April. The nabbed persons included middle-aged persons who made obscene gestures to women.According to an official release, the women police personnel in mufti have been scouting the city to identify molesters and nab them.The team has also taken into custody school girls who roam around the city with their boyfriends. The girls were later handed over to their parents through the Vanitha police station.The special team has been keeping an eye on those men who target woman who stand alone in front of theatres and persuade them to come for a movie. Men who try to touch women at crowded places have also been nabbed. The release said that the police will continue with their drive in the coming days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12972193", "title": "Outdated method renders tiger census flawed", "text": "HYDERABAD: The soon-to-be-declared tiger census in the state could well be flawed. Reason: The state forest department which started its annual tiger census on May 1 has once again adopted the obsolete pugmark method to ascertain the total strength of the big cats. The data already available puts the number of tigers in the state at 72.The pugmark method is demonstrably unscientific and has been banned by the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA), the statutory body under the Union ministry of environment and forests. The central authority had directed all states to scrap the pugmark census some six years back.While most states, such as Maharashtra and Karnataka, have made the shift to the amended NTCA guidelines, AP still sticks to the old method. In the two main tiger belts in the state - Nagarjunasagar-Srisailam Tiger Reserve (NSTR) and Kawal Tiger Reserve - the ongoing seven-day census has forest officers armed with plaster-of-paris (used to capture the marks) tracking pug marks to arrive at total tiger population in the state. That this method is in gross violation of NTCA norms is obvious upon a quick scan of the 'Phase-IV' monitoring parameters released by the authority earlier this year. The guidelines clearly state that a tiger census should either involve camera trappings (capturing images through cameras installed in the forest area) or analysis of DNA using tiger scats.\"There are about 200 cameras in NSTR but that covers only 400sqkm out of a total 3,600sqkm expanse of the reserve,\" said a wildlife expert familiar with the census. \"Camera trappings are infeasible in Kawal due to its low density of tigers. But as against DNA analysis (as prescribed by NTCA), the department is sticking to the pugmark method,\" the expert added. The reasons, experts rue, range from a lack of interest among officials and inefficient wildlife management to the economies derived from the use of such an archaic method.\"But considering that AP gets not less than Rs 1,000 crore under the CAMPA scheme (the national kitty is worth a whopping Rs 25,000 crore) it should be able to fund a scientific census,\" noted Praveen Bhargav, a trustee with Bangalore-based organisation, Wildlife First. \"There is always a chance of double-triple counting of pugmarks. Also, it has little forensic value unlike DNA sampling,\" he said.While pugmarks can be collected as part of a census exercise, experts maintain that they should only be used as 'signs' to ascertain the presence of tigers in the belt.Milind Pariwakam, a Maharashtra-based wildlife biologist associated with the Wildlife Conservation Trust, said: \"There is provision for mixed use of camera trappings and pugmarks in the NTCA rulebook, but pugmarks alone cannot establish the total count of tigers.\"Forest officials argue that the exercise is not aimed at ascertaining AP's tiger wealth. Instead, the census is being carried out only to detect the presence of the big cats in areas that are potential tiger belts. \"We are only trying to establish if there are any tigers in belts such as Etunagaram, Papikonda or even areas in and around Visakhapatnam that once had a significant tiger population. As it is impossible to set up camera traps everywhere we are using the pugmark method as well,\" said AK Naik, chief conservator of forests and Project Tiger in-charge for AP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12971675", "title": "Chief minister takes potshots at YSR", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy took potshots at late CM Y S Rajasekhara Reddy for gross violation of rules in land allocations and said he had taken time to clear the Machilipatnam port file only to avoid complications. He said the port would be constructed at a cost of Rs 5,000 crore.Without referring to YSR's name, Kiran lashed out at his policies saying that non-transparent and dubious methods of allocations had led to CBI investigations.Speaking at a public meeting held as part of Prajapatham here on Wednesday, the chief minister said: \"It is true that delay has taken place in clearing the port project proposal. But I am assuring you that the allocation of land for this project cannot be questioned by anyone in the coming days.\"He pointed out how the massive land allocations to Vanpic project were being probed by CBI.Stating that all the clearances for the port were given and the works would be launched shortly, he said taking decisions in a hurry was not correct.Ports and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao said the entire land acquisition would be completed within 3-4 months so that the developer could begin the works.Local legislator Perni Nani said that he would not keep quiet if the works did not begin on time.The chief minister later handed over the land allocation GO to district collector Rizwi and asked him to complete the process early.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973679", "title": "Stone crusher owners call off strike", "text": "INDORE: After eight days of strike, stone crushers of Indore division called off their strike on Wednesday following assurance from state chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan that amendments would be made in the mining policy.During a meeting with the agitating stone crushers, the chief minister assured them that certain amendments would be brought in the mining policy.Chouhan said that he would personally review the matter, before taking any further action into it, said the sources. The chief minister said that fight against illegal miners would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12974726", "title": "Giant \u2018fleas\u2019 made life hell for dinosaurs", "text": "LONDON: Palaeontologists claim to have found evidence which suggests that giant 'flea-like' animals plagued dinosaurs 165 millions years ago.An international team says that these flea-like animals - Pseudopulex jurassicus and Pseudopulex magnus - similar but not identical to modern fleas, were probably 10 times the size of a flea often seen crawling on the family dog - with an extra-painful bite to match.\"These were insects much larger than modern fleas and from the size of their proboscis we can tell they would have been mean,\" Prof George Poinar at Oregon State University, who led the team, wrote in Current Biology journal.The palaeontologists claim that these giant fleas crawled onto a huge dinosaur's soft underbelly and gave it a bite that might have felt like a needle going in.He said it's possible that the soft-bodied, flea-like insects found in these fossils from inner Mongolia are the evolutionary ancestors of modern fleas, but most likely they belong to a separate and now extinct lineage.The flea-like animals had bodies that were more flat, like a bedbug or tick, and long claws that could reach over scales on the skin of dinosaurs so they could hold on tightly while sucking blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12972831", "title": "Pakistan builds over 100 bunkers in 4 months adjoining Rajasthan", "text": "JAISALMER: In the past few months, Pakistan has constructed a large number of bunkers in their area adjoining Rajasthan's Jasialmer and Barmer districts and considerably improved their communication system in these places, defence and intelligence sources said.Pakistan built over 60 new bunkers opposite Jaisalmer and over 48 opposite Barmer in the past 3 to 4 months, they said.Those built opposite Jaisalmer include a large number of bunkers adjoining Longewala and Tanot in Islamgarh area in Pakistan. New bunkers also came up at Sakhirewala, Mirzawala, Toba and Kandera in Pakistan, opposite Kishangarh area in Jaisalmer. They also constructed 3 to 4 bunkers more on its every border out-post.Sources said that similarly, in the past one year, Pakistan's 55 infantry brigade constructed over 45 new bunkers in Mitharia Charan, Charnot, Keetari Bedani, Jetaran, Chapas Shakrio etc in their area opposite Barmer. They also built kuccha and pucca morchas (fronts) and also constructed 3 new bunkers each at many check-posts.They also laid new communication lines in many important border areas like Sangad. Apart from this, a huge army cantonment is being constructed at Suryaan area in Rahimiyar Khan district in Pakistan.Defence spokesperson Col SD Goswami said that on March 14, defence minister AK Antony informed the Parliament that Pakistan had constructed 886 bunkers, 261 fronts, 398 towers and 143 border out-posts between 2004 and 2011.Antony also informed that the government was aware through various inputs as to how Pakistan was continuing with the construction of bunkers, fronts and towers.The BSF, during a flag meeting with Pakistani rangers, had raised the issue of these constructions before the field commander.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973730", "title": "Crime against women: Bengal rights body wants more teeth to law", "text": "KOLKATA: The rising crime against women in the state hasn't escaped the notice of West Bengal Human Rights Commission. The commission - headed by retired Supreme Court judge Asoke Ganguly - has proposed changes in the law to make it an effective deterrent. It has recommended to the state government to increase punishment for such crimes from the present two-year jail term to seven-year term and make the offence non-bailable.Justice Ganguly said, \"The commission in its recommendation has cited the changes made by Odisha and Andhra Pradesh in the first schedule of CrPC, 1993 and Section 354 IPC to give the law more teeth.\"This, incidentally, is the first time when WBHRC is using its powers under Section 12(d) of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993, which empowers it to periodically review constitutional and legal safeguards and recommend measures to make them more effective.The commission's attention to the issue was drawn by the media reports. It also consulted the National Crime Records Bureau data, which indicates that in the last decade, the number of molestation cases (punishable under Section 354) has increases 10-fold. According to NCRB data, in 1992 the number of such cases was 384. In 1993 it reached 1,074. It increased in the successive years (showing a partial decline in 2001-2002). The highest number of such cases occurred in 2011. The figure was 3,340. The year before, it was 2465.At present, Section 354 is bailable and punishment is a two-year jail term. This, the commission feels, isn't effective enough. In 1995, Odisha had amended the CrPC (to make the offence non-bailable) and four years before that Andhra had increased the punishment under to a maximum of seven years. Also, the Law Commission in its 84th report (in 1980) and 156th report (1997) had recommended sexual assault be punishable under this section and the punishment increased to a five-year jail term. Most importantly, the commission observed that in many cases, where rape is not proved and the court has to let off the accused with minor punishment even if he is found guilty of outraging a women's modesty. This, it feels, causes a social imbalance and injustice to the victim.What the commission proposes for Bengal has been done in Odisha and Andhra Pradesh. It proposes to make the law non-bailable like Odisha and wants the punishment increased as in Andhra Pradesh.It proposes a maximum seven year jail term in Bengal and a minimum of five years. And if somebody is given a jail term less than five years, the reasons for that must be mentioned clearly in the judgment.The commission's recommendation mentions that social movement in Bengal to protect women's honour was a harbinger for the entire country.LawSection 354 IPC - Whoever assaults or uses criminal force to any woman, intending to outrage or knowing it to be likely that he will thereby outrage her modesty, shall be punished with imprisonment of either description for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both.Classification of offence - Cognizable, Bailable and Non-compoundable.What other states have done?Andhra Pradesh - Increased the punishment to seven years and not less than five years. If for special reasons, the court gives a lesser sentence it can't be less than two years.Madhya Pradesh - Extended the punishment term to a maximum of 10 years.Odisha - Made the offence bailable.WBHRC's recommendation for Bengal - Increase the punishment to a maximum of seven years and minimum of five years. If less than five years, the reasons have to be mentioned. Make the offence non-bailable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973758", "title": "Anti-corruption bureau arrests retired inspector", "text": "PUNE: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Wednesday arrested retired police inspector Bhausaheb Andhalkar for allegedly amassing wealth disproportionate to his known sources of income.According to assistant commissioner of police (ACB) H V Bhat, investigations have revealed that Andhalkar has amassed around 95% more wealth compared to his known sources of income. \"We arrested him on Wednesday evening. We will produce him before the court on Thursday,\" Bhat said.Andhalkar has taken voluntary retirement from the police force around six months ago. He had worked as in charge of the crime branch of the Pune rural police.\"The police had received an anonymous letter last year regarding disproportionate assets of Andhalkar. After conducting an open inquiry we found that he has amassed 95% more wealth than the known sources of his income,\" Bhat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973930", "title": "Continuous medical educatioon osteoporosis at Goa medical college", "text": "PANAJI: Medical Education Cell, Goa medical college (GMC), Bambolim, will organize a continuous medical education (CME) programme on 'Osteoporotic vertebral compression fracture and its management' by visiting faculty Dr Vinay Kumar , on May 4 from 3pm onwards at GMC's library auditorium.The focus of the CME will be on issues related to the prevention of osteoporosis and its complications like pathological fracture in spine and pelvis. Osteoporosis is seen among women in pre and post menopause stage and in men after 60 years.Stress management programme at Margao'Peace-in-bliss', a meditation and stress management programme will be conducted May 4 at the Cultural Chamber of Junta Quarters, Gogol-Margao, from 6pm onwards. The programme has been initiated by Vishwanath Swar to help people get rid of stress, states a press note.The membership for participation is free. For details and registration contact Swar on 9422442838.Youth prayer meeting at Pilar: Pilar Animation Centre, Pilar, will organize a 'youth prayer meeting' on May 6 from 3pm to 5.30pm at its premises. For more information contact Fr Jose D'Costa (Ph: 9922622782).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978979", "title": "Karuna Verma follows in the footsteps of Rakshanda Khan", "text": "A new character will soon make an entry in the television serial Chhal Sheh Aur Maat which is aired on Colors.It's none other than actress Karuna Verma who'll return to television in the role of a lawyer.Karuna will be adhered to as Mrs. Gill in the TV serial. It can be remembered that Rakshanda Khan, too, was more than happy doing the role of a lawyer in the serial Phulwa.Karuna has already begun shooting for her part, and though excited, the actress chooses not to reveal much about the plot and her role. Claiming it to be a powerful character, Karuna is looking forward to the Chhal Sheh Aur Maat experience, and is hoping that the audience will have some good things to say about her performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12974755", "title": "156-year-old school named after former President V V Giri", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The Government Secondary and Training School in Berhampur, one of the premier high schools for girls in the state, was renamed after former President of India V V Giri on Wednesday.Governor M C Bhandare announced the new name of the 156-year-old school at a function held on the school premises. The school has been functioning from the ancestral house of Giri, who was also the first labour minister of the country in Jawaharlal Nehru's cabinet. Family members of Giri had later handed over the house to the government at a nominal rate, sources said.\"It will be an honour for the former president who hailed from Berhampur,\" the governor said after renaming one of the oldest educational institutes of the state. V Mohini Giri, former chairperson of the National Women Commission (NWC) and the daughter-in-law of the former president was also present at the meeting.\"We are very happy as one of the oldest institutes of the state has been named after him,\" said Sharataran, the niece of the former president.The school started its journey as an elementary school in 1856.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12974125", "title": "Railways not too keen on giving locos to Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The railways is reluctant to accede to Pakistan's request for sale or lease of 100 diesel locos due to its own shortage of engines.A Railway Board official gave voice to the reluctance when he said, \"Why should India give an impetus to the Pakistani economy?\"Indian Railways is hamstrung by an acute shortage of its own loco fleet. The state-run transporter has 4,214 electric and 6,000 diesel engines in its inventory. Around 500 engines are produced annually by its two public sector manufacturing units but the public transporter is still unable to meet its domestic demand, pegged around 700 locos every year.Islamabad was forced to look eastwards to source locos after the ones provided by its all-weather friend China turned out to be duds, failing to deliver the goods and being incompatible with Pakistani broad gauge tracks. Chinese railways operate on standard gauge. The Pakistanis also blamed lack of support from Chinese suppliers for their woes.Railway authorities, though not too keen on the deal, realize that the decision may not be theirs after all and will be taken at a higher political level, given the diplomatic ramifications.Pakistan Railways, once a lifeline of the country, has run into bad times. According to sources, only 76 of the 520 locos in the Pakistan Railways were operational in March 2012. The crippling shortage of locos has forced Pakistan Railways to suspend scores of passenger trains besides scaling down freight operations.In case the deal goes through, the railways is exploring options like lease or sale of new engines (WDM3 type) to be produced next year, or the rehabilitated (existing WDM2 type) ones. Authorities are also looking at the possibility of supplying locos from the old working fleet.The public transporter will also insist on Pakistani commitments on a simplified visa process and diplomatic immunity for Indian technical staff who need to be deputed across the border for maintenance works. Besides, Pakistan will also need to facilitate smooth flow of supply of spare parts from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12971695", "title": "Chief minister does a U-turn on port land", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: In a major climb-down that follows some hard posturing, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has agreed to grant the 5,324 acres of land needed for the construction of Machilipatnam port to the project developer. A GO allocating the required area to Machilipatnam Port Limited (MPL) was issued after the chief minister cleared the said file before leaving for Machilipatnam on Wednesday.The decision sparked a controversy as the CM himself had stalled land allocation for over a year upon the contention that a scientific study should be undertaken before allocating such a huge tract of land to private firms. After dilly-dallying for several months, the government's U-turn on Wednesday has raised several eye-brows in political circles.The current allotment is for nearly 1,700 acres more than what was recommended by the infrastructure department. Contractor Navayuga Constructions had requested a minimum of 4,800 acres but the infrastructure department's recommendation capped the allotment at 3,600 acres. Curiously, district minister K Pardha Saradhi and local legislator Perni Nani had three days back gone public with the demand for the land and is being seen as the reason behind the CM's sudden change of heart.Sources said intense that lobbying within the ruling party, which was being led by a key minister, had prompted the CM to grant the additional chunk of land. A minister, who is considered to be close to Rajya Sabha member Chiranjeevi, held parleys with a few industrialists with interests in port-related businesses and got assurances of support from them in return for the grant of land by the CM.The government even secured a letter from the Indian Ports Association (IPA) headed by VPT chairman Ajay Kallam, an AP cadre IAS officer, which backed its decision to grant 5,323 acres.It may be recalled that it was the YSR government which had first agreed to hand out 6,200 acres of land to Maytas, in 2007. Subsequently, the government headed by Rosaiah handed over the project to Navayuga Constructions without changing the land allotment agreement after the collapse of Maytas in 2009. Taking over the reins, in 2010, Kiran Kumar cancelled the land allotment scheme with the observation that it was not wise to give away precious land to private firms.After sitting over the file for two years, the government has almost agreed to restore the land originally granted to the private developer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12978697", "title": "President should always be a political person: Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "NEW DELHI: Holding that the President should always be a political person, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav today refused to express his opinion on probable candidates for the forthcoming election to the country's highest office.\"We cannot discuss presidential election at this moment, When candidates are announced, then you can take my view,\" he told reporters outside Parliament House .Yadav was asked whom his party will support during the Presidential election.On whether the President should be a person with political background, he said, \"The President should always be a political person.\"Pratibha Patil , the country's first woman President, will demit office on July 25 after completing her five-year term.Samajwadi Party, which is an outside supporters of UPA, had on Tuesday said that it would favour an eminent Muslim candidate for the top post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973439", "title": "SC orders Soni Sori's medical examination at AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered Chhattisgarh government to shift arrested Naxal sympathizer Soni Sori from Raipur jail to the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in New Delhi for an independent medical examination amid allegations that her health was deteriorating alarmingly.When Chhattisgarh counsel Atul Jha termed the allegations about Sori's deteriorating heath as a figment of imagination of activists, her counsel Colin Gonsalves cited reports from her Raipur-based advocate and another doctor to lend credence to the accusations of inadequate medial care in the jail.A bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and J Chelameswar steered clear of the accusations and counter-accusations and directed the AIIMS director to constitute a medical board to examine Sori, chalk out her treatment plan if needed and submit a report to the apex court before July 10, the next date of hearing.Jha said the allegation that stones were inserted in her private parts between October 8 and 10 was baseless as the October 10 X-ray report did not show any foreign material in her body. He also said that Sori, during her numerous appearance before the court, had never complained of any ill-treatment by the jail staff but wanted to go back to Jagdalpur for treatment.The bench asked the AIIMS director to constitute a special medical board comprising the head of the department of gynaecology, an endocrinologist and a cardiac specialist to look into the allegations and provide her appropriate treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973932", "title": "Two murders in 15 minutes in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: An Indian Air Force nursing cadet and her aunt were found stabbed to death in their Batanagar home on Tuesday evening.The police suspect that there were two killers and at least one was close to the family as there were no signs of forced entry and no one in the neighbourhiood heard anything. The killer struck when the girl's mother had gone out for barely 15 minutes.Investigators say 23-year-old Antara Naha and Shibani De, 55, might have been drugged with chloroform or something similar before they were stabbed. A blood-stained knife lay near the bodies. It seemed to have been bought recently. A trail of blood, possibly dripping from the knife, led from one room to another. It was smudged in a couple of places as if someone had slipped on it.Police have no definite suspects yet but are looking for Santosh Singh, who was a classmate of Antara's in a pathology diploma course some years back. Antara had apparently told her mother on Tuesday that Santosh was bothering her over phone.Antara had enrolled for a course in pathology after completing her Class XII in 2008. Here she met Santosh. In 2010, she was selected for an IAF nursing course and left for Bangalore. On April 16, she returned home on a month-long leave.According to her mother Sandhya, Antara left home around 9.30am on Tuesday and returned around 6.40pm. Neighbour Swati Bhattacharya saw her entering her house while talking on the mobile. Immediately after that, Sandhya went out to collect drinking water from a municipal tap. She returned around 6.55 pm to find her daughter and sister-in-law lying dead.Antara had been stabbed in the waist, back and throat while Shibani had suffered a grievous head injury.Sandhya's screams alerted neighbours and the police reached the spot soon after. Though the house is in an extremely congested area, neighbours heard nothing unusual in the 15-odd minutes that Sandhya was out.Antara's purse had three suburban train tickets from Sealdah to Budge Budge and a Tangra restaurant bill. The tap in the washbasin was open and there were blood stains on it. Police suspect that the murderers tried to clean themselves up before leaving.\"There are two roads leading out from the house, one leads to the main road and the other is a narrow lane. Locals report seeing two strangers passing along the lane around 7pm but their statements have to be verified. It seems that Singh, a resident of UP, and Antara were quite close but the relationship suffered when Antara left for Bangalore. Antara's mother has told us that Santosh had been pestering her ever since she returned home. We will go through Antara's call records,\" an officer of Maheshtala police station said.Police suspect it was a pre-meditated crime, going by how quickly the killers struck. Fingerprints have been collected from the crime scene. There were at least two pairs of footprints near the scene of the crime that didn't belong to any of the occupants of the house. Once the police manage to track down the suspects, the fingerprints and footprints will be matched. Singh, who studied pathology with Antara, may have a working knowledge of such chemicals, officials suspect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973306", "title": "Abu Azmi indulged in \u2018dirty game\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Metropolitan magistrate Sanjashree Gharat of the Mazgaon court said that Samajwadi Party (SP) state president and MLA Abu Asim Azmi's hate speech delivered in 2000 promoted enmity between two religious groups and was prejudicial to national integration. This observation was made in a 14-page judgment copy delivered on Monday. The court has convicted Azmi and four others for making an inflammatory speech to incite communal violence during a rally at Nagpada. The magistrate observed that impairing emotional sentiments of others has become a \"dirty game of a few anti-social elements and they provoke different groups (against each other) and set ablaze the nation's property\" and put the lives of people at risk.The court sentenced Azmi and four others, Waqarunnissa Ansari, Lalbahadur Singh, Ehsanullah Khan and Ali M Shamsi, to two years' imprisonment and fined them Rs 11,000 each. The magistrate allowed suspension of the order, enabling them to leave after they paid the fine and furnished personal sureties. They were convicted under IPC sections 153A (inciting communal passions), 153B (making imputations and assertions prejudicial to national integration) and 153 (wantonly causing provocation with the intent to cause riot). Azmi's counsel Ejaz Naqvi said they will file an appeal in the sessions court in 10 days.The magistrate observed, \"It is merely on account of such devilish devices adopted by those at the helm of affairs who proclaim from rooftops to be the defenders of democracy and protectors of people's rights and yet do not hesitate to hide behind the screen to let loose their men to settle personal scores, feigning ignorance of what happens.\" She called the present case an apt but unwanted instance of such kind.Refusing a plea from the accused seeking leniency, the court said, \"Considering the gravity of the offence, it is necessary that the accused be dealt with as a deterrent. Eventually, such a tough approach (is) helpful to eradicate or at least minimize from society the evil crime of taking law into one hands,\" the court said. It noted that Azmi and the other accused provoked the masses to exact revenge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972002", "title": "Hubby stopped paying maintenance after divorce", "text": "NAGPUR: A single-judge bench of justice AV Nirgude has ruled in favour of a woman who won the right to get maintenance from her former husband after her live-in partner passed away.Mangala and Rajesh (names changed) married in 1987 and stayed as a couple for four years. They had a daughter during this period.However, the wife suddenly left the husband along with their daughter and then moved an application under Section 125 of CrPC for getting maintenance from him.Her application was allowed in 1993 and she was getting the maintenance from Rajesh up to 1997.The husband then filed a divorce petition and it was granted ex parte as wife remained absent from proceedings. Since then, he stopped paying maintenance to her.In 2006, Mangala challenged the divorce ruling and also demanded maintenance from husband as per 1993 order. Rajesh then moved the high court contending his wife had established live-in relationship with another person in 1997-98.He also claimed that Mangala married her live-in partner and thus was not liable to receive the maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973070", "title": "Questions raised about quality of education", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The poor result of first semester diploma and engineering students has raised a question mark over the quality of education in professional engineering and polytechnic colleges in the state.Technical education experts say that low result is due to a combination of factors. Primary amongst them are change of medium of Gujarati students to English, acute scarcity of teachers in engineering colleges and lower standard of students getting admitted in engineering colleges.\"There is a 50 per cent shortage of teaching staff in polytechnic colleges. In degree engineering colleges, the shortage of staff is between 50-60 per cent. The less number of teachers is telling adversely on the academics in the colleges\", said a senior academician.\"There is a serious lack of faculty in colleges because of which there are no regular lectures being held. Students stay away from classes. Already, the foundation of Math and Science is not strong with students not well verse with the basics of mathematics\", said another senior academician of technical colleges.Quality of students gaining admission in engineering colleges too has deteriorated. Admissions closed at 35 per cent, and still over 5,000-odd seats remained vacant in engineering colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972474", "title": "25-year-old convicted of stabbing lover", "text": "MUMBAI: A 25-year-old man was on Wednesday sentenced to rigorous life imprisonment for stabbing his girlfriend to death at her Mira Road home in 2009. Additional sessions judge A A Sayeed also imposed a fine of Rs 10,000 on Aquino Martis.Martis stabbed Paloma Fernandes (24) in the chest with a kitchen knife before knifing himself in the stomach. Martis and Paloma, a BPO employee, had been courting each other for over a year and had plans to get married. Differences cropped up between the two after Paloma learnt that Martis had stolen her credit card and withdrawn cash.Paloma, a call centre employee who was staying alone in her aunt's flat, had requested her building watchmen Shailendra Singh and Manoj Yadav to accompany her to her ground floor room after she returned from work as she feared an attack by Martis on January 28.When she opened her room, an unemployed Martis, who was hiding on the first floor, of the staircase rushed down and pushed Paloma inside the room. The watchmen rushed to help her. But Martis, a resident of the neighboring Rashmi Tanmay building had stabbed Paloma on her chest with a kitchen knife. He then stabbed himself on the stomach.A bleeding Paloma rushed out of the flat and collapsed in the building compound. Martis too followed her and fell besides her. The building residents rushed Paloma and Martis to the Bhakti Vedanta hospital in Mira Road. While Paloma was declared dead, Martis was shifted to the Bhagwati hospital in Borivali. He was arrested after his recovery and has been lodged in the Thane jail since then.Public prosecutor Sangeeta Phad examined 11 witnessess, including the two watchmen and a neighbour. Charges were framed against Martis under sections 302 (murder) and 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of the IPC.The court sentenced Martis to rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 10,000. The defence had argued that both Martis and Paloma were assaulted by unknown persons. The statement of the two watchmen proved to be crucial in the case, said Ghad.Paloma's father Lincoln who has been traveling to Mumbai from Goa to attend the court proceedings said that the accused had applied for bail on two occasions but was rejected. Martis and Paloma were courting each other for over a year and had plans to get married. Differences cropped after Paloma learnt that Martis had stolen her credit card and withdrawn cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972889", "title": "Mumbai airport may charge development fee from Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers departing from Mumbai airport will not be charged the airport development fee for another two days as airlines have been unable to update their systems to incorporate it in the ticket cost. The fee's collection was supposed to start on May 1.Mumbai airport will collect Rs100 from domestic passengers and Rs600 from international flyers. The fee has to be collected by airlines, which will then hand it over to the Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL). MIAL will pay a collection fee of Rs5 to international carriers and Rs2.50 to domestic airlines.An MIAL spokesperson said passengers who had booked tickets for the coming months before the fee was introduced will not be charged. Airport officials said airlines will not collect any fee at the counter if the passenger had booked a ticket for June early in March. \"The fee will only be for those booking from now and it will be charged while the passenger is booking a ticket,\" an airport official said.The fee is an addition to charges the airport has levied. The airport has urged the Aviation Economic Regulatory Authority (AERA) to consider a 500% hike in airport charges for airlines. If Mumbai airport gets a sanction on the hike, airlines may pass on the cost to passengers by increasing air fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12975224", "title": "Supreme Court ban on tinted glasses has motorists worried", "text": "CHENNAI: The Supreme Court's recent order banning black film on vehicle glasses, which comes into effect on Friday, has come at the most inappropriate time, the hottest month of the year. Motorists in Chennai say the rule will, in effect, leave them exposed to the merciless heat of the sun in the enclosed confines of their vehicles.The order allows tinted glasses, provided as part of the product by car manufacturers, of 70% transparency in the windshield and the rear glass and of 50% transparency in windows, but it bans motorists from putting black film on their vehicle glasses.\"It becomes really hot when you park even for a short while in the sun. Without the film, it will be unbearable,\" said Ramya Sundar, who drives to work. \"The airconditioning in smaller cars is not enough to handle our summers.\"But the apex court order is not discriminatory. \"Even if individual interests are likely to suffer, such individual or private interests must give in to the larger public interest,\" it says.Chennaiites, though, can take some solace in the fact that that police officers in the city appear to be unaware of the order.The order came on a public interest litigation filed by Avishek Goenka, who argued that darkened glasses \"give immunity to violators and are used as a tool of criminality, considerably increasing criminal activities\". He argued that drivers of cars with tinted glasses have lower visibility and are at higher risk (between 18% and 38%) of causing accidents.Chennai additional commissioner of police (traffic) Sanjay Arora said enforcing the ban may not be a top priority for city police. \"The order came because of crimes committed in Delhi. Fortunately, this is not the case in Chennai,\" he said. \"Enforcement will also require extra manpower.\"The fine for using black film on glasses is Rs 100. This is unlikely to be much of a deterrent as motorists pay between Rs 1,200 and Rs 5,000 for the black film. \"For Rs 1,200 one can get film that is heat resistant and offers good visibility in the dark, in rain and also while using rear-view mirrors,\" said a dealer in T Nagar.The Supreme Court directed \"competent officers\" to remove tinted films from glasses. However, director-general of police K Ramanujam said he was not aware of the order. The petitioner claimed states like Tamil Nadu and West Bengal have responded positively to the ban.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12974860", "title": "China demands US apology for shielding activist", "text": "BEIJING: China on Wednesday entered into a rare compromise with the US agreeing to allow anti-government activist Chen Guangcheng to go to a \"safe\" place in the country. US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , who landed in Beijing for a US- China strategic dialogue on Wednesday, was involved in brokering the deal.Despite the deal, there was a diplomatic wrangle after the Chinese foreign ministry demanded an apology from the US for helping Chen, a 41-year-old blind lawyer , escape from house arrest and find refuge at the US embassy in Beijing.\"The US method was interference in Chinese domestic affairs, and this is totally unacceptable to China. The country demands the US apologize, thoroughly investigate this incident, punish those who are responsible, and give assurances that such incidents will not recur ,\" said foreign ministry spokesman Liu Weimin.This is the first time the government broke its silence over Chen's escape from his house arrest, and his six-day stay in the US embassy. It became a political issue in the US with Republicans asking President Barack Obama to grant Chen asylum.China's fears it will suffer a loss of face if Chen is offered asylum and leaves for the US. The US has apparently used it as a bargaining chip and obtained an assurance from China that Chen would be safe and not punished for his past activities.While expressing his gratitude for helping him escape from his 19-month house arrest in Shandong province and providing him shelter, Chen told Clinton during a telephone conversation, \"I want to kiss you.\"The state news agency said Chen spent six days at the embassy and left \"of his own volition\". But he was seen being brought to a local hospital for treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972374", "title": "Strike withdrawal leaves builders fuming", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry (MCHI) may have cancelled its one-day token strike on May 3 for fear of being labelled \"anti-consumer\", but many developers across the Mumbai Metropolitan Region have greeted its decision with anger and resentment.The feeling was evident in a meeting held in the MCHI's Churchgate office on Monday night when around 40-developers protested the managing committee's decision to cancel the strike. Sources said the atmosphere at the meeting was tense and, at times, combative as developers, in a show of hands, angrily demanded that managing committee members skip the meeting with chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on May 1. and not withdraw the strike.They felt the bigwigs in the managing committee had let them down by meeting Chavan on Friday, five days before the strike, even when the CM had not voiced any concern on the proposed strike or given any concrete deadline to amend rules. The agitated builders calmed down a bit only after managing committee members told them that the CM has promised to look into their problems. , it was a good beginning.With anger still brewing among developers, the MCHI has organized a meeting at Rang Sharada Auditorium in Bandra on Thursday to explain what transpired in the meeting with Chavan.\"Why this hullabaloo of cancelling property exhibitions and advertisements if you (MCHI) were not serious about going ahead with the strike? Unlike the bigwigs, our bread and butter comes from the sale of property through these annual exhibitions held every year. We are in a soup more than before.Neither I or the MCHI, which earns a huge profit of not less than Rs 1.5 crore from such exhibitions, has benefitted from this move,\" said a developer.The protests came mainly from small project developers in Thane and Kalyan-Dombivili. They said unlike the bigwigs in MCHI, they do not have the strong financial standing to withstand the inordinate delays in building permissions from government agencies.\"We had put up banners and each developer had promised to bring at least 500 people to the rally. This was the first time developers were not back-biting each other and had come on board a common platform,\" said another developer.MCHI president Paras Gundecha denied that developers had voiced their disappointment over the withdrawal of strike and the meeting with CM. \"The reason was about 150 developers wanted to meet Chavan, but we were allowed to bring only 20. The bottom line is the CM understood our concerns and has promised speedy redressal for almost all the 10 issues we submitted to him,\" Gundecha said.According to MCHI, the CM has assured looking to adopt the new Development Control Regulations (DCR) framed by BMC across the MMR. On 500 files pending approval before the Ministry of Environment and Forests, Gundecha said that Chavan has assured raising the developers concerns before Jayanti Natrajan, the environment minister. He will further ask her to hasten the process of setting up a second committee to exclusively consider real estate projects in the MMR. The CM has said he will write to the Airports Authority of India to map permissible building height for developments around the airport. If that happens, then developers would not need to go to get project wise approvals from the aviation ministry. The civic body will monitor the building height as part of the approval process,'' Gundecha added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12973905", "title": "Tyre theft accused get police custody", "text": "PONDA: Ponda JMFC has remanded the trio, arrested in connection with thefts of vehicles and tyres, to three days police custody even as Gurudas Mamledar, a resident of Durgabhat-Ponda has identified a tyre as being his from the tyres recovered by Ponda police from the accused on Tuesday. Mamledar has claimed his tyre was stolen from his garage on April 24.The Ponda police recovered 18 tyres and two motorbikes from them. With the recovery, the police have detected three cases of tyre theft and have seized two vans used for the crime from their custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12976563", "title": "Pasanga Productions is registered legally \u2013 Pandiraj", "text": "Director Pandiraj in a recent press release stated that Pasanga Productions has been registered legally in his name at the Producer's Council.The accusations on him with regards to money scam and the production company are baseless and untrue. He said that he was busy with his next project in outstation and the case on this issue is already in court.He revealed that his manager P.Sambasivam who claims on 'Pasanga production company' has misused the letter pads of 'Pasanga Productions' and has forged the documents pertaining to his favour. The director said Sambasivam and Balamurugan are spreading false reports and their share of money is settled via court and has nothing more to do.It is to be noted here that Balamurugan is already involved in a land issue in Perambalur and P.Sambasivam in a cheque fraudulent issue and the investigations pertaining to the cases are already pending. Director Pandiraj said that he is clean on collar and the court has to see to the proceedings to favour the justice.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973077", "title": "Sixty-seven colleges across state recorded dismal figures", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The first semester degree engineering result this year was also a dismal 27 per cent. Government engineering colleges, which see high merit in admissions, too had recorded poor result. Of the 12-odd government engineering colleges that have posted a result lower than the average 27 per cent over all result of 97 colleges.The highest result was posted by grant-in-aid college Birla Mahavishwavidyalaya, Vallabh Vidya Nagar. The lowest result has been recorded by self-financed engineering colleges at Tuwa, Godhra where only 3.15 per cent students have passed the first semester exam.Amongst the government engineering colleges, the highest 56.63 per cent result was posted by Vishwakarma Engineeering College, Chandkheda while LD Engineering College was second with 54.93 per cent result. Palanpur Government Engineering College has recorded the lowest result with only 10.09 per cent students clearing the exam.Over all, there are 67 colleges that have recorded pass percent lower that the overall average result of 27 per cent. There are 15 colleges where less than ten percent students have passed the first semester GTU exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12973869", "title": "Salcete sees scrutiny of 1,625 nominations", "text": "MARGAO: The scrutiny of all 1,625 nominations filed for the 33 panchayats in Salcete was completed on Wednesday at the South Goa district collectorate.On Sunday, the hearings for objections raised against four candidates were heard and the nomination form of Domingos Dias from Nagoa village panchayat was rejected. Salcete returning officer I Mahadev Araundekar stated that Dias's nomination form was rejected due to the failure of clearing the payment due to the panchayat.Araundekar added that the nominations of Zelia Xavier Fernandes from Raia and Anthony Rordigues from Colva, both from ward No. 6 of their respective panchayats, were accepted after the objections against them were dismissed. Salcete returning officer II and joint mamlatdar Joao Fernandes dismissed the objections raised against Cristalina Rodrigues e Gomes from Curtorim's ward No. 4.Fernandes added that an objection was raised against Gomes for working with the anganwadi programme but cited that based on high court rulings for a similar case in Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal , anganwadi honorarium workers could contest the panchayat elections.Salcete returning officer III Madhu Narvekar completed the scrutiny of the remaining four out of 11 panchayats under him on Wednesday and stated that there were no rejections at the time of scrutiny. Six nominations were rejected at the end of two days of scrutiny. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973779", "title": "Shivraj Singh Chouhan blames Centre for shortage of gunny bags", "text": "INDORE: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has accused the Centre of meting out step-motherly treatment to Madhya Pradesh . He was in the city with BJP national president Nitin Gadkari.At the meet-the-press programme organized by Indore Press Club, the chief minister said that the Centre had promised about 80,000 gunny bags to store the wheat procured from the farmers, but it released only 17,000 gunny bags.\"We have been inviting the farmers through the SMSs to bring in their produce, but owing to lack of gunny bags, the process of procurement has been affected to a large extent,\" added the Chief Minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12973883", "title": "Margao Municipal Council chief cracks whip on encroachments at Margao new market", "text": "MARGAO: Promising to clear all encroachments at Margao's new market within three days, Margao Municipal Council (MMC) chairperson Arthur D'Silva along with the MMC market committee carried out an inspection of the market premises on Wednesday, in view of the upcoming monsoon season.D'Silva along with MMC vice-chairperson Pratima Coutinho and market committee in-charge decided to take up the absence of a clear passage for pedestrians to walk on and made it clear that all encroachments, plastic materials, boxes, amongst other things kept on the road outside the shops would be confiscated in the future. Coutinho also ordered the removal of a scooter that had been parked outside the Babu cloth shop for the last 20 years and on which items were placed for sale.Vinod Shirodkar, president of the Margao New Market Traders' Association, apprised D'Silva of the various problems at the market building and complained that the recent repair work of the building was not up to mark and pointed out to various issues such as the bad paint job. D'Silva promised to take up the matter on a priority basis and said that the work would be completed before the monsoon season.D'Silva also said he would ensure that all pre-monsoon work is carried out and added that he would see to it that there would be no waterlogging in the market premises, no water seeping into shops and other such issues. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "12974622", "title": "Planning panel member stresses on human development", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Planning Commission member Syeda Saiyidain Hameed on Wednesday said overall development must include the human factor.\"The fact remains that we have not reviewed the idea of development in all its nuances. For most people, development is just a word. But we need to explore what this word means to different people. What does it mean to those who are in positions of power and therefore able to affect the changes,\" Hameed said while delivering the convocation address at Berhampur University. She presented several examples of human suffering in the country and called re-defining human development. \"More jobs, more consumer goods, better roads, more cars, high-tech telecommunication have the potential to be translated into a policy for everyone,\" she added.Governor MC Bhandre stressed on development of higher education for the growth of human resources. \"Higher education is a very important sector for the growth and development of human resources which can take responsibility for social, economic and scientific development of the country,\" the governor said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12977064", "title": "David Hussey hails team effort against Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Applauding his teammates for pulling off a thrilling win over Royal Challengers Bangalore, Kings XI Punjab skipper David Hussey said it was a team effort that helped the side jump to number four spot in the Indian Premier League points table.\"Mandeep Singh and Nitin Saini played superbly upfront, which set the tone for us. Then Azhar and Praveen bowled beautifully that helped us grab two vital points in the tournament,\" Hussey said at post-match press conference on Wednesday.Hussey also singled out Mandeep, Azhar Mahmood and Praveen Kumar for special praise.\"Mandeep is one youngster who knows what hard work means. If he continues to work hard, we will continue to get results.\"Azhar's all-round capabilities has helped the team, while Praveen was outstanding with his bowling figures (eight runs in four overs against Bangalore yesterday). He is probably one of the better swing bowlers in the world. The conditions also favoured him tonight,\" said Hussey.Hussey, who conceded just nine runs from his two overs that he bowled last night, said he did not bowl much as he had some of the best bowlers at his disposal.\"Pacer Parveen Kumar, spinner Piyush Chawla are one of best bowlers in India at the moment. That's the reason I did not bowl much,\" he insisted, adding it was Ryan Harris' calf injury that prompted him to bowl a couple of overs.\"We were desperate to find two-three overs from somewhere after Ryan sustained calf injury. Abhishek Nayar and myself bowled a couple of overs.\"Hussey said he wants his team to maintain the winning momentum.\"We want to win as many games as possible. Coming here in Bangalore and winning is hardest thing to do. We need a couple of wins to satisfy our fans back home,\" he said.Meanwhile, injured Gilchrist hailed Hussey's efforts as a captain, saying he handled the bowlers magnificently.\"Hussey captaincy was outstanding. He handled the bowlers well in the last five over, which changed things,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972812", "title": "Two die as under-repair Byculla building collapses", "text": "MUMBAI: A portion of a four-storey cessed building undergoing repairs collapsed in Byculla (West) on Wednesday, leaving two people dead. The incident occurred around 10.30am. The contractor has been arrested and the developer booked under the charges of culpable homicide not amounting to murder and causing grievous hurt.The deceased-daily wage workers employed at the site seven days ago-were in a makeshift stall on the ground floor of Laxmi Apartments when portions of the wooden balcony and a wall on the first floor came loose and fell on them, said a fire brigade official involved in rescue operations. While one-not yet identified-labourer was killed on the spot, the other, Ahmed Shaikh (42), succumbed to chest injuries in Nair Hospital. Incidentally, as part of the work-under Mhada contract-iron scaffolding had been installed around the building.\"We have arrested the contractor, Ramzan Ali, and booked the developer in the case. Ali will be produced in court tomorrow (Thursday),\" said inspector Rahul Giramkar of the Agripada police station.According to records available with the Mumbai Building Repairs and Reconstruction Board, there are 14,995 cessed buildings in the island city. Of these, 852 are being redeveloped under the government's 33/7 Scheme. So far, work on 542 has been completed. Also, 2,659 buildings have received no-objection certificates for redevelopment.The buildings-most built before 1940-are privately owned, but the responsibility of repair and maintenance lies with Mhada, which levies cess from the tenants as the landlords find it impossible to maintain the structures with low rents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973332", "title": "Absence of direct Delhi flight a drain on Indoreans' money", "text": "INDORE: Despite a constant rise in number of air passengers from Indore to Delhi, the absence of daily direct flight is causing difficulties for those flying to the national capital both in terms of travel time and air fare.According to airport sources, over 500 passengers fly daily to the national capital from Indore and seats are available for only 300 travellers. Overcrowding has not only emerged as a major hurdle for the fliers from Indore, but passengers have to shell out more owing to limited availability of seats.There are five flights for Delhi from Indore, but none of these is a direct flight. At present, Indore airport officials said, there are five flights between Indore and Delhi - three Jet Airlines and one each of Air India and Indigo. The passenger capacity of these flights put together is about 700 per day.\"But none of these flights directly connects Indore to Delhi. The quota of seats in these flights combined together is not more than 300 per day from Indore for Delhi,\" said the official. T K Jose, director, Jose Travels, said, \"There is a huge difference in demand and availability of seats.\" In the absence of direct flights on this route, many times passengers end up paying a huge amount as fare and spent more time to fly from Indore to Delhi and return.Deepak Malhotra, a frequent flier from the city, said, \"I often travel to Delhi for business purpose. But getting a seat is always a problem. Most of the time, I have to pay more than the actual fare.\" He added the highest fare on this route is around Rs 11,000, but sometimes, he had to cough up around Rs 19,000 for a low-cost airline.\"Some of the airlines are charging exorbitant fare for last-minute booking and in the absence of adequate number of direct flights, we have no choice,\" said Malhotra. Pankaj Garg, a private banker, complained about the time consumed in travelling to Delhi from Indore.\"In the absence of a regular direct flight, we have to opt for flights that take longer routes. These flights take longer route in order to cover more destinations and we end up spending more time,\" Garg said, adding that even the timings of the flights are not convenient.Market experts say air travellers' problems began mounting after Kingfisher Airlines and a few other airlines closed their operations in the city, leaving the field open mainly to the Jet Airlines, which operates three flights on this route.Spice Jet may restart Delhi direct flight from May 20Those wishing a direct Indore, Delhi flight may get some relief after the proposed plan to re-launch daily direct flight service between Indore and Delhi by Spice Jet from May 20, sources said. Till two months ago, Spice Jet was operating a direct flight between Delhi and Indore thrice a week. On remaining four days, it had Indore-Bhopal-Delhi flight service.The air carrier wound up the service without disclosing the reason. The schedule of the new direct flight between the city and Delhi is expected to be announced on May 15 after which booking will start, sources added. Market analysts believe that the new direct flight on this route will meet the requirement only to an extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12962575", "title": "Ash and Lolo\u2019s face off!", "text": "Aishwarya Rai and Karishma Kapoor have many similarities. Both are successful actresses and mothers who belong to illustrious families of Indian Cinema. They are also associated to the name Abhishek Bachchan . While Rai is married to AB junior, Lolo at one point was engaged to Abhishek.What happened in the past remains in the past, but can the two avoid each other in public? Well, Ash and Lolo had their moment of awkwardness when the two nearly bumped into each other at a dinner hosted by Nita and Mukesh Ambani . Held in honour of UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon at the couple's residence Antilla, Lolo and Ash came face to face at the main entrance.What followed must have been embarrassing for both but Raveena Tandon along with husband Anil Thadani avoided the situation by hugging Ash and diverting Lolo's attention! What a close call! Wonder if the two would have greeted each other had Raveena not played saviour!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973754", "title": "Working couples seek night care centres", "text": "INDORE: Parents with erratic work schedule or those who wish to take a night off to unwind after a week's hectic work schedule feel the need of opening night care centres for kids in the city.\"There are times when I want to take a weekend off with my husband. Dropping my kid at my relatives' home doesn't seem to be appropriate all the time. We strongly feel the need to have night care centres in the city,\" said Chaitshree, a professional and mother of a two-year old kid adding that it became difficult for them to plan an outing or a late night party for the weekends.Dipti and Kaushik Tuteja, residents of Manik Bagh Colony have a two-year old daughter. With spur of clubs in the city, the couple is unable to enjoy the night life with their friends as well as colleagues in the absence of night care centres.\"There are times when we have to go for late night parties. It isn't possible to take our two-year old daughter along. Grandparents do care her but even then, they need to sleep early. We definitely feel to have a night care centre where we could keep our kid safely,\" said Dipti.Most of the baby care centres in Indore are operational from 10 am to 8 pm. Kalpa Dani, director of Mother's Pet International, opines that children must spend a sufficient amount of time with their parents at home.\"Kids whose parents are doctors or have night shifts have often approached us asking for night care facilities. As of now, our creche is on till 6 pm only and we do not have any plan to extend the timing,\" she said.While some child care centres want to extend night care centre facilities, they are unable to do so due to non- availability of skilled nannies and maids post 8 pm. \"Maids are unwilling to work after eight in the evening,\" adds Shweta Rajani, director, Jack and Jill pre-school.However there are some creches believes that it's too early for the city like Indore to have night creches. \"People in Indore do not feel the need to have night care centres. We haven't received any suggestions in this matter from any parent\" said Mangal Jain, corporate relations officer, Serra International pre-school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12974554", "title": "NH 17 bypass stretch becomes accident-prone", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Despite tight vigil by the city traffic police, the newly constructed Malaparamba-Pooladikunnu stretch of the National Highway 17 bypass is proving to be a danger zone for motorists.Though the stretch is yet to be inaugurated officially, two people have already died in two different accidents. According to the police, both accidents happened due to the negligence of drivers.\"It was the negligence of the drivers that caused the fatal accidents. The vehicles involved were not over speeding. Measures have been taken to check over speeding,\" said Kozhikode North assistant commissioner of police Devassia M C.He added that pedestrians and cyclists should be vigilant while crossing the road during night.According to city traffic police officials, the department has deployed a radar vehicle for monitoring over speeding of vehicles from Tuesday. They said the road will be strictly monitored after inauguration.Police fear the absence of streetlights will result in more accidents here. The department had already written a letter to the corporation seeking the installation of street lights, according to an official.Kozhikode corporation public work standing committee chairman M Mohanan however said that it won't be possible for the corporation to install street lights due to shortage of funds.Residents associations of the locality had warned about the possibility of accidents in the stretch even before the opening of the road.Kozhikode: Despite the tight vigilance by the city traffic police, the newly constructed Malaparamba - Pooladikunnu stretch, which is yet to be inaugurated officially, of the National Highway 17 bypass, has been proving a fatal stretch for the motorists.Since the opening of the road in the first week of April two people died in two different accidents in the stretch, including the one on Monday. The recent accident, in which one school student died, happened by 7.30 in the morning, while the first one took place by 5am on April 12. The police said that both the accidents were happened due to the negligence of drivers.Devassia M C, assistant commissioner of police, Kozhikode North said, \"It was the negligence of the drivers that caused the fatal accidents in the stretch and they were not happened by over speeding. We have already taken steps for monitoring of the over speeding of vehicles.\" He added that pedestrians and cyclists need to be more vigilant while crossing the road in the morning hours.According to sources with the city traffic police, the department has deployed its radar vehicle for monitoring the over speeding of vehicles from Tuesday. But they added that they would tighten their monitoring with the inauguration of the road.The police expressed the fear that lack of lights in the stretch is likely to result in more accidents. An official said that the department had written to the corporation for the installing of the street lights.M. Mohanan, chairman, Public Work Standing Committee of the Kozhikode Corporation, said that it won't be possible for the corporation to install street lights here in the immediate future due to the shortage of funds. \"We have to wait till plan funds are available as installing of street lights on the stretch as it requires high amount.\"Residents associations of the locality had expressed fears over the possibilities of accidents in the stretch even before the opening of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12978131", "title": "Court grants permission for polygraph test in Shetty case", "text": "PUNE: A local court has granted permission to the CBI to conduct a polygraph test on ten more people, including seven policemen, in RTI activist Satish Shetty's murder case.CBI special public prosecutor Ayub Pathan filed a plea to conduct the test in connection with the case, on which Additional Sessions Judge Sadhana Shinde granted permission yesterday.Shetty was murdered near his residence at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010.The policemen, who will undergo the polygraph test include inspector Sunil Tonpe, assistant police inspector Namdeo Kauthale, head constable Ramesh Nale, constable Rajendra Mirghe, retired constable Kailash Labade and head constable Shahaji Athavale and police inspector Bhusaheb Andhalkar.The three others who will undergo the test are Ideal Road Builders (IRB) director Virendra Mhaiskar, Sable-Waghire company director Nitin Sable and Shyam Dabhade, a suspect in Shetty murder case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "12974664", "title": "Historian unveils an ancient trove", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Historian Nrusingh Sahoo opened an exhibition of ancient artifacts in his private museum at Kaima in Jajpur district recently.Sahoo, a retired college teacher, said the exhibits included terracotta jewellery, beads, pottery, lamps and other items from the 4th century to 9th century AD. \"I had unearthed and collected these artifacts at Radhnagar, Kaima, Lalitagiri, Ratnagiri and famous Buddhist and historical sites during my three-decade-long research,\" he said.The historian said the terracotta jewellery were examples of fine craftsmanship. \"These indicate the presence of a civilized society in the 4th century BC to 9th century in the region that is present day Jajpur district and nearby areas,\" he said.The images of Hindu deities, including Laxmi and Garuda, and elephants on the earthern jewellery and beads prove that these belonged to the 4th century Gupta period, Sahoo said. \"Some other earthen items inscribed with images of Dharma Chakra and Buddha indicate that these belonged to Buddhist period from 7th century to 10th century AD. Moreover, the motifs of sailing boats are found on several pieces of pottery and beads, indicating maritime activities in ancient time,\" he added.Sahoo said the pottery could be broadly divided into two groups - unpolished and large urns used in funerals and highly polished small pottery. The later were made on potter's wheels and treated with fire. The clay had a blackish hue and it was made into smooth paste with a special process. However, it was not uniform in texture. The polish or glaze of the clay exhibited a capacity to withstand a fairly high temperature,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973667", "title": "High court: Pension can\u2019t be withheld, it\u2019s like fundamental right", "text": "CHENNAI: Right to pension is like right to property, which is enforceable as a fundamental right under the Constitution, the Madras high court has held.Justice Vinod K Sharma, directing the state government to release the full pension and other retrial benefits to a retired civil supplies employee, said: \"It is now a well settled law that the right to pension is right to property which is enforceable as a fundamental right under the Constitution. The state government cannot interfere with this right in the absence of any legal authority.\"The matter relates to a petition filed by V Chandrasekar, who joined the revenue department as a junior assistant in 1954. He was later promoted as an assistant and then as deputy tahsildar. He was then sent to the Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation ( TNCSC) on deputation. In 1982, when he was on deputation, he was held responsible for the loss of 20,000 bags of paddy supplied to a huller. The huller, however, moved the court and got the case against him quashed.As the government issued sanction to prosecute Chandrasekar, he moved the high court and got a stay on the proceedings. During the pendency of the matter, he attained the retirement age.He was allowed to retire, but the government released only a part of the pension amount. Though he was later acquitted of all criminal charges, the government did not release his retirement benefits.Justice Sharma, noting that as on date no civil or criminal case was pending against Chandrasekar, said the government cannot withhold retrial benefits under such circumstances. \"The action of the authorities in not releasing the full pension and other retrial benefits is totally arbitrary and a violation of Article 14 of the Constitution,\" he said.\"Once the petitioner (Chandrasekar) has been acquitted, though by giving benefit of doubt, the retirement benefits due to him cannot be withheld, as there are no civil or criminal proceedings pending against him. The action of the authorities in not releasing the retirement benefits to him can safely be said to be arbitrary which amounts to colourable exercise of power that cannot be sustained in law,\" Justice Sharma observed.He then directed the authorities to release all the retirement benefits such as pension and provident fund in full to Chandrasekar along with 9 per cent interest per annum. The judge also imposed a cost of Rs 10,000 on the civil supplies department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973477", "title": "Miscreants cut down BSNL cable near Ambad industrial belt", "text": "NASHIK: Unidentified persons on Saturday cut down 1,200 pairs of cables belonging to Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) along the Mumbai-Agra national highway near the Crompton Greaves factory in Ambad, disrupting telephone and broadband connections to the F, H and J sectors in the Ambad industrial belt.\"The connection was snapped on Saturday night. Sunday was a holiday. We tried to locate the fault along the highway, where extension work on the road is being carried out. We even used the earth movers being used in highway work to unearth the cable, but were able to track the problem two kilometres away from Pathardi Phata only by late Tuesday evening. The connection is being repaired,\" an engineer from the Cidco division of the BSNL, Nashik, said.From the time the extension work on national highway number three began, there have been a number of occasions when the BSNL cables along the highway got snapped due to the movement of earth movers that are digging up the place for the construction of the road. The other major problem has been the stealing of the cable by miscreants to extract copper from them.\"Since the wires lay bare after excavators dig up the place, it is easy for thieves to cut them and get away with it. In this case, however, though the wire was cut on Saturday midnight, it was not removed. Today, we are fixing the problem, but that will take more than eight hours,\" the engineer said.Shreepad Kulkarni of Shree Abrasives, who has been unable to communicate using the broadband connection at his office since Sunday, found himself paralyzed. \"Emails have replaced facsimiles as authentic form of communication. Internet is also required for references and surfing of products. I find myself paralyzed as I am unable to connect with the world,\" Kulkarni said.Sanjay Sagar, another industrialist from Ambad, said that his employees were forced to rush to a cyber cafe 2km away for every communication requirement. \"I may have a smart phone, but I am on the field and I have a set-up in office for official use. It is disgusting that we are unable to use the system for four long days,\" said Sagar.There have been many cases in the national highway belt which the police did not register at all. Finally, the BSNL appointed a watchman to patrol the stretch to ensure that such cases didn't reoccur. \"We had submitted details of the watchman, and the number of his two-wheeler. The police one night simply took away his bike,\" the official from the Cidco division pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973725", "title": "Ex-corporator, two women commit suicide", "text": "INDORE: The city reported three cases of suicide in the last 24 hours in which two women and a former BJP corporator ended their lives.Kamlabai, 35, wife of Ramchandra, was found dead in her house at Badi Shivbag Colony under Khajrana police jurisdiction. The woman was diabetic. Ramchandra was not at home when she committed suicide.Quoting locals, police said she was quite normal till afternoon and met her neighbours. She, however, was not seen after she went home. Her neighbours later found her hanging in her house. They immediately informed Ramchandra and the local police.In yet another incident of suicide, a professional working with a private firm committed suicide in MIG area. Police said Rashmi, 26, wife of Ashok, was found hanging on Tuesday night. She was a resident of Gwalior and was working in the city. On Tuesday night, her brother came to meet her but she did not open the door. Later, with the help of neighbours, he broke open the door and found his sister hanging. He reported the issue to MIG police.In the third incident, a 72-year-old former BJP corporator committed suicide in Mhow area. Police said Girdharilal, son of Kanhailal, was residing alone at Shankar Colony in Telikheda. In the evening, an ice cream seller found him hanging as he was passing through Girdharilal's house. The police is still clueless about the reason behind the suicide. The police have informed all his relatives and have sent his body for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12972270", "title": "Chief minister pushes four names for information commissioners' posts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The saga of the appointment of information commissioners in the state took another turn on Wednesday with CM Kiran Kumar Reddy sending a file with four names to the Raj Bhavan in the hope that governor E S L Narasimhan would clear them as he had not passed any adverse remarks against them the last time around.The appointment has been hanging fire for weeks now as the governor had sent back the names of eight persons proposed earlier by the government while raising objections against some of the names. The revised file sent to Raj Bhavan on Wednesday has the names of ex-IPS officers M Ratan and S Prabhakar Reddy, former Indian Forest Service officer C Madhukar Raj and journalist P Vijaya Babu. When the file containing the eight names was sent by the government in Feb this year, the governor had objected to the names of social worker V Venkateshwarlu, advocate L Tantiya Kumari, ex-senior civil judge S Imtiaz Ahmed and educationist M Vijaya Nirmala.However, no adverse remarks were passed on the other four names. The eight names was sent by the state government to the governor on February 17 after they were cleared by a committee consisting of chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy, opposition leader N Chandrababu Naidu and deputy chief minister C Damodar Raja Narasimha. Narasimhan had returned the file with the objections to the state on February 21. Incidentally, M Ratan was a serving IPS officer at that time and superannuated on April 30 this year.Even as the file seeking the clearance of the four names was sent to the governor on Wednesday, chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi sought permission from the Election Commission for the appointment of the information commissioners as the model code of conduct is in place for the bypolls to 18 assembly seats and one parliamentary constituency on June 12. \"We have sent the request to the EC for the approval. As soon as they clear the names, we will give permission to the state government,\" chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal, to whom the request was sent, told TOI.According to sources, since Narasimhan will be in the state as governor for five more years, Kiran Kumar Reddy decided to go for a conciliatory approach and not press for the appointment of all the eight names that were originally sent by him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978923", "title": "Revathy to receive National Award", "text": "Actor Revathy, who has won a National Film Award for her short film Red Building Where The Sun Sets that shows how fights between parents affect children, says there are films about children, but very little for them.\"India doesn't make too many films for children, we make it about children. But the Children's Film Society of India is trying to do their bit by approving scripts for children,\" Revathy told reporters Wednesday. \"Most of the best films 'for children' are from the Scandinavian countries, while most of the Asian countries make films 'about children',\" she added.The actor-filmmaker will receive her third National Award Thursday, May 3, after winning best supporting actress for Thevar Magan in 1992 and best feature film in English for Mitr, My Friend in 2002.\"I think it's interesting how I feel because I have won every 10 years. I am hoping next one is not in 2022, but a little earlier,\" joked the 45-year-old. \"I think it is a very special feeling. The best thing about these awards is that this is the only award which is given to Indian films all over the country. There are people who call certain awards as Indian when it is just Hindi film awards. We need to stop that. I feel this (National Award) is the only Indian film award where you get to watch best filmmakers from all over India. It is an award which everybody looks forward to and not being biased,\" she added.Red Building Where The Sun Sets, produced by Edumedia, has been awarded the Best Non-Feature film - Family Values. Another Edumedia film that won the National Award is Akshay Roy's Finish Line. It has been awarded Best Non-Feature Film - Exploration/Adventure including Sports category. It stars Rajat Barmecha of Udaan fame and Manjot Singh of Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye! fame.Source: Bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973606", "title": "Government bans celebratory firing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after the Allahabad high court restrained arms licence holders from using their weapons for celebratory firing, the government on Wednesday also issued directives in this regard.Principal secretary (home) Deepak Kumar told reporters on Wednesday that directives have been issued to all district magistrates, DIGs and SPs to check exhibition of fire arms or celebratory firing during marriages, birthdays, victory processions or at public places. In case of violation, action for cancellation of the licence would be taken, he said.Concerned over the 'brazen display and misuse of arms' at public places and during celebrations, the Allahabad high court on Tuesday had restrained the arms licence holders of UP from using their weapons for celebratory firing.The court has also summoned principal secretary (home) and DGP on May 3 to apprise it about the stand of the state government with regard to celebratory firing incidents reported in past one year and action taken under the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974035", "title": "Wheat arrivals pick up, storage problem persists", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Despite prolonged winters and untimely rains, markets all over Punjab have been flooded with heavy wheat arrivals. But lack of space is adding to the woes of farmers, who are forced to store their produce unscientifically, which causes considerable damage to wheat grains.The inclement weather all through the procurement season might have kept farmers out to sell the wheat crop in grain markets on their toes, but Malwa region still expects about 10% more wheat production than the previous year.Inclement weather has also caused moisture content to go beyond the permissible limit of 12%, which resulted in delayed procurement, making farmers keep sitting in grain markets for days.Sangrur district food supplies controller (DFSC) Ajayvir Singh said, \"Over 11 lakh tonnes wheat is expected to be procured in Sangrur district. About 9.88 lakh tonnes have been procured till May 1. Last year, a little over 10 lakh tonnes of wheat were procured in the district.\"District authorities in Barnala hoped to procure more than 4.5 lakh tonnes of wheat whereas 4 lakh tonnes of wheat were procured last year, said Barnala DFSC Narinder Singh. Despite about 10% more wheat crop expected to reach the grain markets, the tardy movement of wheat and previous year's paddy already stored in godowns is causing storage problems for the current year's crop, sources said.Sangrur district has a total storage capacity of about 11 lakh tonnes. The old stock of over 4 lakh tonnes have decreased the storage space for fresh stocks to 7 lakh tonnes whereas 11 lakh tonnes of wheat is expected to be procured, they said.Accordingly, 4 lakh tonnes of wheat will have to be stored unscientifically in the open or at the rice mills, sources added.DFSC Ajayvir Singh said, \"As arrangements to store the entire procured wheat at covered godowns are not there, the wheat will be stored at unscientific plinths as well. But arrangements have been made for safekeep of wheat being stored in the open\".Sangrur agricultural officer Bakhshish Singh, said, \"Though rains and hailstorm caused some delay in harvesting at a few places, it has not affected the quality or quantity of wheat.\"While government claimed a harvest bumper wheat crop this season, farmers in Amritsar are gripped with anxiety about moisture content due to unexpected rainfall and storage problems. Procurement agencies in the district have purchased 2,57,534 tonnes of wheat, out of total arrivals of 2,90,650 tonnes.District mandi officer Sukhminder Singh Kehra said that they were expecting over 6 lakh tonnes of wheat. In Tarn Taran, a total of 4,34,289 tonnes of wheat have arrived in grain markets, out of which, 4,23,792 tonnes have been lifted by various procurement agencies.Authorities expects arrival of over 6.5 lakh tonnes of wheat. Deputy commissioner, Tarn Taran, Satwant Singh Johal, said that they didn't have the capacity to store the entire wheat arrivals in their godowns, but said that they had made sufficient alternate storage arrangements. During transportation, first priority would be given to wheat stored in makeshift godowns and similar arrangements have been made in Amritsar district, he said.In Bathinda markets also, procurement agencies are facing similar problems while there is shortage of gunny bags also here.Gursewak Singh, district mandi officer, Bathinda said that last year, 7 lakh tonnes of wheat were procured while this year, it would go up to 8 lakh tonnes, which may cause storage problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973256", "title": "All India Institute of Medical Sciences faces exodus of top doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: All India Institute of Medical Sciences is facing a crisis as faculty members continue to quit for greener pastures. The latest to break away is Dr Suneeta Mittal, professor and head of department of obstetrics and gynaecology.In the last one year, at least ten other senior doctors, including the head of neurosciences, have resigned or applied for voluntary retirement on various grounds.Mittal sought voluntary retirement last week, days after writing a letter to AIIMS director Dr R C Deka and Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad about what she alleged was leave in excess being granted to a colleague in the department, Dr Deepika Deka. Dr Deepika is the AIIMS director's wife and the institute has denied the charge.Sources in the hospital were unanimous that the faculty crisis would be getting deeper in the coming days as 44 senior doctors are due to retire in the next three years. \"In 2012, ten faculty members are due to retire. Eight will retire in 2013, nine in 2014 and 16 the year after that,\" said a senior official.He said given the dissatisfaction over issues like denial of promotion and the opportunity to earn more in the private sector, many more are likely to apply for voluntary retirement.\"I have been called twice by a major private hospital. They are promising 10 times the salary offered here and perks. Similar offers have been made to most faculty members and some of them are seriously considering the proposal,\" said a senior faculty member, who did not wish to be identified. He said private hospitals were not only offering good money but also spending a lot in the branding of doctors.A section of doctors feel that the lure of money in the private sector has always been there but people preferred to stay on because the work environment was conducive. \"I know many doctors who have quit protesting the wrong policies and injustice by the administration. For example, three young faculty members who quit the institute recently were angry over denial of promotion,\" said Dr Manoj Singh, president of the faculty association of AIIMS. More than 300 posts of assistant professor, 47 posts of professor, nine of additional professor, 16 of associate professor and 13 of nursing lecturers are lying vacant.Vineet Chawdhry, deputy director (administration), said the process is on for new recruitments. \"We have interviewed more than 100 candidates for assistant professor and about 40 of them have joined already,\" he said, adding that the exodus of senior faculty members will not affect services if regular appointments are made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973266", "title": "Private hospital preys in director\u2019s yard", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'Vacancy - two posts for senior residents; Salary: same as AIIMS' - this advertisement by a private hospital (name withheld) outside the AIIMS director's office raised many eyebrows on Wednesday. It was issued in the name of a former professor of the institute, who joined the private hospital a few days ago for 'better opportunities'.When TOI contacted the person concerned posing as a job aspirant from AIIMS, he said, \"We will offer the same money as AIIMS and hands-on experience to enable you to learn more about cutting-edge technology.\"An AIIMS official said when a senior faculty joins a private hospital, many senior residents and support staff follow. \"There are about 500 senior residents working at AIIMS, of which around 350 are non-academic. Many of them want to start their own private practice or join the private sector in future. They often get lured by such offers,\" he said.Dr Sudipto Ranjan Singh, president, AIIMS Resident Doctors' Association (RDA), said many of his colleagues also quit because there are no fixed working hours and the burden of work is immense.\"In departments like neurosurgery and cardiac surgery, for example, working continuously for 24 hours is common. In western countries more remuneration is given in case one works beyond the fixed hours. However, there is no such provision at AIIMS,\" he said. Singh said a significant number of residents working at the institute quit every year to take up fellowships abroad or work with private hospitals.Some senior residents complained they face difficulty in getting leave due to work pressure. \"We have to wait for two to three years to get hostel accommodation too,\" said a senior resident on condition of anonymity.AIIMS authorities, however, maintained that best possible facilities are accorded to them. \"There is no crisis of senior residents because new appointments take place every six months,\" said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973580", "title": "Anpara fire may deepen power crisis", "text": "LUCKNOW: A fire in the transformer of the Anpara A power generation unit led to its closure on Wednesday. The closure triggered a shortage of 210 MW units in the state.According to officials in Sonbhadra, where the power unit is located, fire broke out at around 8am. Efforts to extinguish fire failed failed as the generator had combustible oil. Managing director of UP Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited Dheeraj Sahu has ordered a probe into the incident. \"A committee has been constituted to look into the reasons that caused fire in the plant,\" Sahu told TOI.The unit's closure may aggravate power crisis in the satte as it could take more than two weeks to restore generation at the plant. The state is already reeling under power crisis that worsens during summer. Last summer, the demand rose to nearly 11,000 MW while the state's production was between 2,300 MW and 2,600 MW. Adding to the shortage is the crisis of coal needed to run power plants. In April, Anpara C and Rosa power generation units were shut down due to shortage of coal leading to a shortfall of 2,000 MW in the state.According to the Northern Region Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC), Rosa thermal power station at Saharanpur stopped working on March 16. The Anpara C unit is grappling with coal shortage since February. The Anpara C has three units, each generating 600 MW. Rosa, too, has three units each with 300 MW capacity. Power crisis could aggravate in summer when demand increases, mounting pressure on the generating units to step up production.Unit-11 of 200 MW capacity in Obra is also lying dysfunctional. It turned off because of a massive turbine problem in July last year. Efforts to revive the unit have gone in vain. There was a flicker of hope after UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) assured of getting the plant started once again but that did not happen. And now, the plant is projected to start functioning only next year. Similar is the case with Obra's unit-10 which tripped last month following a boiler tube leakage. Such leakages are regularly occurring in power plants in the state. This unit, too, is likely to get operational only in January next year.The closure of Anpara A unit comes at a time when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has called for an overhauling of the power sector. But frequent snags in the power plants may scuttle CM's poll promise to improved power supply to rural areas. The state government's ambitious project to set up power plants with a combined installed capacity of 15,000 MW could also get affected.Following regular problems in the power plants, the state government is left with the option of energy trading, which is a costly affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972972", "title": "Central University of Rajasthan adds 6 new courses, counselling from today", "text": "JAIPUR: The Central University of Rajasthan, Ajmer kicked off its admission process for the next academic session with the introduction of six new courses this year. The university will organise counselling sessions in different cities of the state starting from Jaipur on Thursday.The first session will begin on May 3 in Maharaja's College and on May 8 at Kanoria College. CU is running 14 courses.The university will also start PhD programmes in 20 courses from the next academic session. Vice-chancellor, MM Salunkhe informed that all post graduates from the university will have high job potential.The associate professors of the university will counsel the students with the help of PowerPoint presentation in the sessions and explain them about the 14 existing courses and six new job-oriented courses that have been added to give the students more options.New courses include- MSc in Biotechnology, MSc in Microbiology, MSc in Social Work, MA in Policy, Law and Governance, MCom and MPharma. The admission test for all these courses (CUCET-2012) is being conducted by seven central universities including Bihar, Jammu, Jharkhand, Kashmir, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, and Rajasthan.Offline exam date for English and Hindi courses will be June 3 and online exam date will be June 9 and 10, 2012.The centres for the examination in Rajasthan will be Jaipur, Ajmer, Jodhpur, Udaipur, Bikaner and Kota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "12972347", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy\u2019s Tirumala visit kicks up a row", "text": "TIRUMALA: There was disquiet atop the Seven Hills on Wednesday with Jaganmohan Reddy entering the shrine of Lord Balaji without signing the formal declaration about his belief in the Lord, which is mandatory for non-Hindus. While believers lambasted Jagan, a Christian for hurting the religious sentiments of Hindus, the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) top brass was left red-faced.What is worse, followers of Jagan raised slogans of 'Jai Jagan' just as they were entering the main entrance of the temple during the VIP break darshan in the morning. There were more than 60 members in his entourage which was in violation of temple rules which do not allow more than 10 members along with the VIP. TTD organized a VIP darshan for Jagan, who is an MP. But when Jagan was approached by the temple authorities for a signature on the form on Tuesday evening he refused to do so. When Jagan entered the temple around 7 am on Wednesday the Sahastra Kalashabhishekam special puja was being performed, but a TTD superintendent again requested him to sign the declaration form. But, the young leader again refused and waited along with his followers at the Ranganayakula mandapam till the puja was over.\"The Agama rules do not impose any such condition, but non-Hindu devotees must sign a declaration form which says that they believe in Lord Govinda,\" Tirumala Tirupati temple peshkar (administrative officer) Chandrasekhar Pillai told TOI. TTD rules, however, prescribe that non-Hindus need not sign these declaration forms every time they visit but sign at least once in their lifetime.Jagan reportedly argued that when he had come down to Tirumala in 2009 with his father, the then chief minister, he had not filled any form. \"Why should I sign the forms now? I had darshan at that time,\" Jagan argued with the officials.The authorities gave up in the face of persistent refusals and allowed Jagan to have the darshan of the Lord. Karunakar Reddy, a former TTD chairman and follower of Jagan came to the defence of his leader. \"Why is the TTD targeting us? They did not make Congress president Sonia Gandhi sign on the form when she visited the temple five years ago,\" he remarked.TTD executive officer L V Subramanyam tried to put up a brave front saying that Jagan must have refused to sign as he had visited the temple earlier. But temple authorities were evasive when asked why they allowed Jagan to have darshan of the Lord without completing the mandatory formalities. \"Thousands of pilgrims visit the temple and we have no way of knowing the religious affiliations of all the visitors. However, in case of VIPs who are non-Hindus, our authorities approach them to sign the form. Jagan is a Christian and so, they had approached him,\" joint executive officer K S Srinivasa Raju told TOI. But temple protection samithi activists and BJP workers cried foul. BJP leader NVSS Prabhakar flayed TTD for allowing Jagan to enter the temple by violating Hindu traditions and temple rules. \"Late YSR had no sentiments for Hinduism. He even tried to build a church in Tirumala. Jagan is showing the same disrespect,\" TDP leader Dadi Veerabhadra Rao alleged.The top priority VIP darshan accorded to Jagan also created a uproar. TTD has recently restricted quota passes to just 10 for each VIP. \"Taking 10 or 15 persons including the family is understandable. But taking along 65 members is a clear violation,\" rued TDP MLA Gali Muddukrishnama Naidu. Apart from Karunakar Reddy, former TTD ex-officio member Chevireddy Bhaskar Reddy, actress Roja, YSR Congress leader Amabati Rambabu and several others accompanied Jagan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "cairo", "code": "12974760", "title": "Anti-military anger hits Egypt weeks before president poll, 20 die", "text": "CAIRO: At least 20 people were killed and more than 150 injured on Wednesday when thugs attacked antimilitary protesters with rocks, clubs, firebombs and shotguns near the Egyptian defence ministry in a tense run-up to the first presidential elections in the post-Mubarak era.Health ministry insists there were only six dead. Soldiers and police have now stopped the clashes, but the intervention came six hours after they began.Many of the protesters attacked were supporters of a Salafist preacher, Hazem Abu Ismail, barred from standing in the election.The protesters claim the thugs were backed by the army as they have been photographed in protests before and some who were arrested by protesters and confessed to have been paid by the army to attack the protests.The army on the other hand insist they are neutral, have protected the revolution and want to turn the authority over to civilians as soon as possible with the presidential elections slated for May 23 and 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973400", "title": "Government, Bidari move high court over DGP post", "text": "BANGALORE: The state government as well as Shankar Bidari, former DGP, have filed memos before the Karnataka High Court seeking for early posting of the petition related to the appointment of DGP.The memo was moved in the light of the Supreme Court direction asking the high court to hear the matter afresh. The vacation division bench headed by Justice K Bhakthavatsala on Wednesday asked them to file the memos before the registry for placing them before Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen for orders.The Supreme Court while setting aside the March 30 verdict of the Karnataka high court unseating Bidari from the post, had directed it to decide the matter afresh in the light of NHRC's final report regarding excesses committed by STF headed by Bidari. Bidari had claimed that he was absolved by NHRC in its final report.NOTICE TO LOKAYUKTA POLICEThe high court has ordered notice to Lokayukta police and complainant Mahadevaswamy on a criminal petition filed by former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy seeking quashing of proceedings initiated against him pursuant to a private complaint.Vacation judge Justice Anand Byrareddy refused to grant any interim order citing the bar under section 19 (3)(c) of the Prevention of Corruption Act ,1988. The judge, however, requested the special Lokayukta court to consider the application, if filed by Kumaraswamy seeking exemption from personal appearance.On April 21, the special court had summoned Kumaraswamy and others to appear before the court on May 21. Kumaraswamy had already obtained interim anticipatory bail in this case.The complainant Mahadevaswamy has alleged that Kumaraswamy denotified 3.8 acres in Thanisandra village in 2007 when he was the chief minister at the behest of cabinet colleague C Chennigappa though BDA had acquired the land and formed sites in Arkavathy Layout.Besides Kumaraswamy and Chennigappa, Raviprakash and Sriram, erstwhile owners of the land, have been charged under various IPC sections including 420 (cheating), 120(b) (criminal conspiracy) and Prevention of Corruption Act.MOMENTARY RELIEF FOR EX-SPEAKERVacation judge Justice K Bhakthavatsala on Wednesday stayed till May 22 proceedings pursuant to the March 26 order issued by forest department asking former assembly speaker KR Ramesh Kumar to vacate the 56-acre land in Hoshoodya, Rayalapada villages in Srinivaspur taluk of Kolar district.The judge who took the authorities to task for their \"late realization'' about forests and forest lands directed for issuance of notice to the department of forest, ecology and environment in this regard.In his petition, Ramesh Kumar claimed that the land was a mango garden developed by him after obtaining Rs 88 lakh loan from UCO Bank in 2008. He also claimed that the lands were purchased from legal heirs of the original grantees.The forest authorities asked him to vacate in 30 days, claiming that the land was a forest land.INTERIM ORDERVacation judge Justice Bhaktavatsala on Wednesday passed an interim order restraining Anwar Manippady, chairman, Karnataka Board of Wakfs, from making any defamatory statements against NA Harris, Shanthinagar MLA and a member of the board, with regard to wakf property misappropriation controversy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974661", "title": "Revenue collection in last fiscal exceeds target: Government", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Wednesday said it collected more revenue in the 2011-12 fiscal than what it had targeted. As against 19,000 crore fixed for the year, the total collection touched 19,592 crore, it said.The government's statement on higher collection of revenue came after a performance review done here at a high-level meeting convened by chief secretary Bijay Kumar Patnaik. Both in the own tax and non-tax sector, the revenue realization crossed the target, it said adding that the amount of money collected was more than 14,500 crore achieved during the previous financial year. Major components of own tax revenue include tax collected from land revenue, stamps and registration, state excise, sales tax, taxes on vehicles, entry tax, electricity duties. Similarly, the own non-tax revenue area include mining royalty, forest and wild life, irrigation and industrial water rate, interest and dividend. There was upward trend noticed in both sectors, officials said adding the internal revenue target for the current financial year has been set at 24, 062 Cr.Senior officials however admitted to the growing public perception that unabated corruption in the various wings of the administration continued to be a major stumbling block in the growth of business and realization of more revenue to the state exchequer. \"Odisha though not an industrially rich state has scope for enhancing the revenue, but for the government's failure to check corruption and misuse of power by officials in the administration resulting in stunted growth of the business sector spreading its impact to other sectors and on the state's economy,\" said an official.The latest CAG report is cited to prove the point, which after examining 1,83,397 cases estimated the loss of revenue at 2138.56 crore. The report noted the 'internal control mechanism' as 'inadequate'. In one case it said: \"Internal audit of the different auditable entities of the commercial tax wing of the finance department has not been conducted for the past several years due to non-functioning of the internal audit wing. This had its impact in terms of the weak internal controls in the department leading to substantial leakage of revenue as pointed out by us year after year. It also led to the omissions on the part of the assessing authorities remaining undetected till we conducted our audit.\"Referring to the mining sector, presently tainted by scam worth thousands of crores, the report highlighted how lower amount of royalty had been assessed ostensibly to benefit the mine owners. In one case it said the government did not raise any demand for realisation of revenue to the tune of 216.69 crore from a company which illegally raised iron ore and sold out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12975154", "title": "Father of two ends life after caught sneaking around neighbour's bedroom", "text": "SURAT: A 40-year-old man ended his life on the bank of a rivulet in Punagam area on Tuesday fearing social disgrace. The victim, a father of two children, was caught sneaking in bedroom of a neighbour following which he was reprimanded by the neighbours and other locals.Rukhad Zalodara hanged himself from a tree using a rope near Punagam police station. On being spotted by locals, he was rushed to Surat Municipal Institute of Medical Education and Research (SMIMER) where he was declared dead.Police found that Zalodara, a resident of Sitaram society, was depressed since he was caught sneaking in his neighbour's bedroom. He was doing this since a week during the night hours. One day, his neighbour spotted Zalodara and caught him.He was warned by his neighbour and the society president. tnnHe started scolding him and informed about the incident to president of the society. The society president tried to explain to Zalodara and warned him not to do anything like this again. The locals even informed police about Zalodara's habit.After being caught, Zalodara was depressed and feared that others in the area will come to know about the incident. He was father of two and feared social stigma for family too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mananthavady", "code": "12974503", "title": "French version of Kocharethi soon", "text": "MANANTHAVADY: He is probably the first tribal writer from India to make his presence felt in the mainstream literature with his path-breaking Malayalam novel Kocharethi, published in 1998.The debut novel of Narayan, which won the Kerala Sahitya Akademi award, is all set to be translated into French soon. The novel is being translated as part of a cultural exchange programme of the central government with France.\"It is a great honour for me as a writer that Kocharethi is being translated into French. In a recent communication, the authorities said that they have selected 20 Indian novels and this one is the fourth in the list and the translation work is expected very soon,\" he said.The novel has already been published in all the south Indian languages apart from Hindi and English and the new translation in French is expected to give the voice of the tribal writer a new recognition.\"With the English translation published by OUP, the novel got a wide readership in many foreign countries including Canada ,\" said Narayan.The governments should make efforts to bring the tribal people to the mainstream without compromising on their ethnic identity, he said.\"No one can write the experience of an adivasi better than an adivasi writer. It was my experience as a human being born in the Mala Araya community which gave me the strength to write this,\" said a proud Narayan.Though there are many tribes who have a treasure of experience with them, most of them cannot translate their experience into words because they don't know to write, as they follow an oral tradition, he said. \"However, with many young tribal people who can read and write, I expect new writers from the tribal communities of Kerala,\" he said.\"In my knowledge Kocharethi is the first novel by an adivasi in India, but I was not given that credit when it was published because someone raised doubt about it saying that a novel was published by a tribal writer in Assam some years back, but I have not heard of any such work,\" says Narayan.\"I don't want to be the first! Because if there are people from any tribal community who wrote before me, that is a credit for the tribals, because in many parts of the world, great novels and fictions are written by the tribes, and India also has that strength provided the tribal folks learn how to write,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974212", "title": "Acute crisis of LPG cylinders in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The LPG consumers in Bihar are reeling under acute crisis due to short supply of cylinders by the oil companies. By the end of April, there were 4.68 lakh consumers waiting for their LPG cylinders to get refilled. There are 38.16 lakh LPG consumers in Bihar.Minister of food and consumer protection, Shyam Rajak, on Wednesday, called a meeting of all the oil companies and asked them to solve the problem soon. \"If this crisis continues, I will talk to Union minister for petroleum and natural gas,\" he told the officials.The three LPG suppliers in the state, the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Hindustan Petroleum ( HP ) and Bharat Petroleum ( BP), had the waiting list of 3.90 lakh, 38,958 and 38,455 consumers, respectively.The state-level convener and IOC general manager, Sajjan Kumar, said Bihar received less than the required LPG supply in April, causing heavy backlog. He promised the minister to ensure the supply of cylinders to all the consumers within a week.Rajak was also peeved at the oil companies' failure to prepare data base of all the consumers with their photographs and other details. He had asked them to submit the report by March 31, 2012. \"It shows that oil companies are not interested in doing this work which would have helped identify the fake or duplicate customers and check pilferage,\" he said.The minister asked the IOC official to look into the complaints and comply with the directives and report back in three days.Food and consumer protection department principal secretary, Shishir Sinha, and senior officials of the oil companies were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "12973213", "title": "Design change soon for currency notes of high denomination", "text": "THANE: Faced with the growing menace of counterfeit currency, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to modify the design of notes of the denominations of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 soon. The move to revise the security features on the high value notes was confirmed by a senior RBI official N Krishna Mohan in a reply to an RTI query by Thane resident Omprakash Sharma.\"Given the widespread use of fake notes,we had written to the RBI seeking details about changes in the currency notes,\" said Sharma. In its reply, the RBI informed the RTI activist that \"changes in the banknote design are under active consideration by the RBI.\"Considering the high value of the currency notes, RBI officials informed Sharma that it was not in public interest to withdraw or discontinue the old design abruptly. \"The bank has informed us that the phasing out of old notes is done in such a way that the common man is not troubled. In most cases of counterfeit notes, the banker immediately impounds the note or blackens the number on the notes to prevent further circulation. The innocent person using that note suffers and there is no reimbursement,\" Sharma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12974724", "title": "Indian votes crucial as UK holds civic polls today", "text": "LONDON: Half of Britain would go to the polls for council elections, including the one to elect the London mayor, on Thursday with a Conservative Party survey last week revealing that British Indians are likely to stick to the opposition Labour Party.A majority of British Indians have historically supported the party as its government granted India independence and has been more sympathetic to immigrants. But Conservatives have been trying to woo South Asian immigrants.PM David Cameron appointed Baroness Sayeeda Warsi , a British Pakistani, as the first Muslim cabinet minister with a task of delivering minority votes.But Conservative leader Lord Ashcroft's survey for which 10,000 respondents were interviewed showed only 9% Hindus, 9% Sikhs and 5% Muslims of the Indian origin felt the Conservative Party represented them. In contrast , 38% Hindus, 46% Sikhs and 47% Muslims thought the Labour Party stood for them.The Labour Party is expected to gain between 450 to 700 seats in the local elections, but may fail to regain the London mayoral post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12972655", "title": "Power company makes plans to minimize cuts", "text": "NOIDA: Given rampant power cuts in the past few months in Greater Noida, the power distribution utility Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL) has started a slew of measures to resolve the crisis. After replacing the old Current Transformer-Potential Transformer (CTPT) at the 132-KV substation in RC Greens, NPCL is now set to complete installation of ring-meter units (RMU) along electricity distribution networks in Greater Noida.The RMUs, which would connect all feeders running from 33-KV substations to 11-KV substations, will isolate problematic lines in case of a fault and thereby help in quick restoration of power supply.A minimum of two feeders connect these two types of substations. \"At present, in case of a fault in a single feeder line, the entire line has to be closed for fault detection and repair work which hampers power supply for long periods of time,\" said an official of NPCL. \"However, the RMUs, which will connect all feeder lines, will create a loop and isolate the faulty feeder from others. This will lessen downtime in restoring power supply,\" he added.The power distribution utility has already completed work on installation of more than 150 RMUs across distribution networks in the city. The RMUs are being installed across all residential, commercial, institutional and industrial sectors. \"Work is on to install around 50 more RMUs at a cost of over Rs 5 lakh each,\" said the official.NPCL informed that it is taking up these measures to make up for the absence of adequate transmission capacity at its disposal. \"The company is responsible only for distributing electricity which we purchase from various sources. Setting up infrastructure for transmission of electricity is not at our disposal and is the responsibility of the power transmission corporation. These measures would to a certain degree ensure that power supply is streamlined,\" said the official.While NPCL said that installation of the new CTPT would not be able to increase transmission capacity, as was being mooted earlier, it would certainly prevent power trips which had become rampant owing to frequent breakdowns of the old CTPT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977060", "title": "Vikram Bhatt releases Dangerous Ishhq's short video online", "text": "This isn't a case of 'leaked' film footage timed just before release and conveniently used for publicity. Rather, everything about it is official. Mirror has learnt Vikram Bhatt is releasing online around six minutes of his next Dangerous Ishhq, reason being he is 'confident' about his venture.Also, the film's 30-second promo that hit the internet some time ago, managed to generate a lot of buzz but wasn't able to nail the message that is central to the flick, namely going back into one's past life. Indeed, Dangerous Ishhq, which is being billed as Karisma Kapoor's comeback vehicle, sees the actress playing a supermodel who experiences past life regression to find solutions to her problems in this life.Probed about the lack of clarity in the film's promo, Bhatt said, \"It is not that there is confusion among the audience. It is a new film and people thought it is about re-incarnation and revenge. Actually it is a story about kidnapping in the here and now that is intercut by Karisma's previous life's memories. The answers to why is her boyfriend kidnapped and who is he really can be sought in her previous life. She has 24 hours to find her boyfriend and his kidnapper. Every time she delves into her past life, she finds a clue. But how much can one show in just 30 seconds?\"Which is also one of the reasons for the footage being released before the film hits the theatres. According to Bhatt, it will show for the first time the process of going into past life regression so that the audience can understand what the film is about. \"People don't know what is past life regression and a new film needs to have a fresh outlook, which we have tried to bring in,\" Bhatt said. It is learnt the six-minute footage will go live on Sunday, 6 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973522", "title": "Restrictions make traffic smoother", "text": "LUCKNOW: The new arrangement made by the Mahanagar police to streamline traffic during the weekly market 'Budh Bazaar' in Gole Market brought some relief to people on Wednesday. However, while commuters appeared satisfied with the new system, vendors were complaining about 'shrinking' space for them to put up stalls. Mixed reactions came from the consumers.The tradition of weekly bazaar is old in Mahanagar. It is held every Wednesday, when the regular market remains close. The bazaar offers variety of household items at a cheaper rate in comparison to regular marker. The bazaar draws huge crowd. While for consumers in the locality the bazaar is a major attraction, its location became a menace for free flow of traffic. The Gole Market crossing in situated on the main road connecting Indiranagar to Hazratganj and Charbagh. With vendors occupying the stretch of the road from the crossing till Badshahnagar, long traffic jams had become the integral part of the bazaar.However, now the police has come out with a different plan restricting vendors to put up their makeshift shops on the main stretch of the road. The shops were allowed only on the lanes and roads leading to the main road. As a result, the movement of the traffic from the Gole Market crossing to the Chandrashekhar Azad park, Ritz trisection and Badshahnagar was smooth on Wednesday.Nadeem Siddiqui, President of Saptahik Baazar Dukandar Samiti, said that vendors have followed the directives of the administration but nearly 200 shopkeepers have not been able to put up their stalls. \"We will ask authorities to do something for these shopkeepers as their livelihood is at stake,\" he added.Vendors were also unhappy as their sales were affected adversely. Many were seen complaining about the newly implemented traffic rules which did not allow them to set up their stalls at the regular place. \"We are poor and we have a big family to feed. Police beat us up and have even arrested some of fellow vendors. They should provide us with a suitable place where we can sell our goods otherwise how will we survive,\" complained a roadside vendor.However, Anita Tandon, a housewife who is regular at the market said, \"Now it is easier to shop. Earlier the jostling crowd on one side and heavy flowing traffic on the other made it difficult for us to even stand\". She added that it is good for young girls as they can walk freely.Some shoppers also complained that reduction in shops as limited options but admitted that traffic flow has improved. \"Improvement is still needed for the smooth traffic flow. Police should take adequate steps beneficials for both commuters and vendors,\" Amar Singh , a private executive.Prashant Singh, a student, said \"Number of shops has decreased but flow of traffic is good.\" Another student, Sushil Kumar said \"Earlier cars and buses were always stuck up in long traffic jams but now the scenario has changed completely.\" Nishant Agarwal, said \"Vendors should be alloted a free space where they can setup their stalls.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "malacca", "code": "12978991", "title": "India adopt a cautious approach in junior Asia Cup", "text": "MALACCA: Determined to take it one step at a time, India coach Baljit Singh Saini said the two-time defending champions are looking to make it to the semifinals first before aiming to claim the title in the seventh junior men's Asia Cup hockey tournament, which commences on Thursday.India are placed in Group B along with arch-rivals Pakistan, Sri Lanka and China. They will play their first match tomorrow against the Lankans, followed by games against Pakistan on May 6 and China on May 7.\"Our initial target is to make the semis and from there on it is a question of progressing all the way to the title,\" said Baljit.But having won the last two editions at Karachi and Chennai in 2004 and 2008, respectively, India will certainly start as favourites.The tournament here will also serve as the qualifier for the FIH Junior Asia Cup in 2013 but India are already assured of a place by the virtue of being the hosts.Baljit felt that the pressure has also eased out on the other teams as there are as many as four berths available.\"I have respect for all the teams playing here and therefore would not want to make predictions for the tournament. My team is raring to go and I'm confident that my players have the ability to do well in this tournament,\" he said.India had a 45-day long preparation for this tournament at two venues -- Bangalore and Pune. They commenced training on March 15 with an initial squad of 48 players minus those who were in the national senior training squad.\"We were fortunate that both the seniors and juniors trained at the two venues simultaneously. This provided us with valuable sparring sessions and it worked out just fine for us,\" said Baljit, who led India in the 1997 Junior World Cup at Milton Keyness.Out of the 18 players in the junior team here, nine are also the members of the national senior training squad. They are Amit Rohidas, Pradeep Mor, Thimmanna Puliyanda Lokesh, Satbir Singh, Akashdeep Singh, Prabhdeep Singh, Gurmail Singh, Sampath Kumar Maylaram and Malak Singh and are expected to put up a good show.India will bank heavily on Sukhmanjit, Amit and Sampath for converting the penalty corners.\"My first task is to ensure that the juniors play the same system as the senior squad as one day these players will graduate into the senior ranks,\" said Baljit, who worked as an assistant to Michael Nobbs in the senior team for almost over a year and was tasked to take charge of the juniors in March.Group A consists of Malaysia, South Korea, Japan and Iran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12974219", "title": "IPS officer accused in Paazee-scam held in Delhi", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths arrested Pramod Kumar, inspector general of police, Armed Police, from New Delhi on Wednesday for his involvement in the Rs 1,000-crore Paazee forex scam.Kumar is expected to be brought to Coimbatore and produced before a local court. Four other people have already been arrested in the case including three managing directors of the firm and a police inspector attached to the Tirupur Central Crime Branch and remanded to custody in prison. \"The CBI has arrested him and as per the procedure will produce him before the court,\" said a senior police official.Kumar has been accused of misusing his official capacity to divert the probe to favour the accused parties when he was posted as west zone IG. He also allegedly accepted Rs 1.85 crore from the managing directors of the tainted firm. He had moved the Madras high court seeking anticipatory bail last week but was denied relief after the court ruled against him citing that the CBI has to question him since it is suspected that the senior police official was inextricably involved in the case.The multi-crore scam came to light in 2009 after the Tirupur Central Crime Branch registered a case against Paazee forex trading company for cheating thousands of investors of money worth Rs 1,600 crore. The firm was floated in 2008 by K Kathiravan (60), his son K Mohanraj (29), and A Kamalavalli, a Chennai-based woman as managing directors. They had appointed collection agents across the country, who canvassed deposits for them from as many as 48,000 people from various cities including Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore Hyderabad and Kolkata. The case was transferred to Crime Branch CID of the state police and, later, the economic Offences Wing (EOW) before it was finally transferred to the CBI last year.The forex firm had promised investors 300 per cent interest in instalments. The collection agents were also promised 15 per cent commission for each deposit. But after making few initial payments the firm stopped paying the investors, who started registering police complaints against the firm.The CBI has claimed that they had received as many as 10,232 complaints from across the country making it one of the biggest financial frauds in the country. All three managing directors were arrested on August 12, 2011 from Guwahati and Cherrapunji after a nation-wide search. V Mohanraj, a police sub inspector, was also arrested for accepting a bribe from the accused for diverting the course of the initial probe conducted by the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977428", "title": "Vinaypal is all set to rock with 4 * 4", "text": "Most anticipated album of Vinaypal Buttar is finally here.The album is full of different tastes and it really passes the test of a melodious album. Music by Nick Dhammu is really good and with vocals of Vinaypal it just becomes the best.Songs like 'aam jehu nu,' 'muafinama' and 'lottery' represents the best combination of music and script. 'Chudail,' 'Mohali' and 'kiraye te makaan' are the songs for yournger generation with fun angles attached to the lyrics.Album is now released on Indya Records and we hope a good future for Vinaypal Buttar.Source: www.punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973275", "title": "Indore Central Jail firing exposes chinks in security", "text": "INDORE: The firing incident on Tuesday exposed the security lapses inside the Central Jail.When asked how the accused managed to sneak in with a loaded gun despite all the security arrangements, Central jail superintendent Dinesh Nargawe said; \"Around 500 persons come daily to meet the inmates. It is practically not possible for two guards at the entry to check all the visitors and frisk them thoroughly,\" he said.\"A few unscrupulous elements always manage to elude frisking. There are a few other ways as well by which these miscreants manage to enter the jail premises,\" said the jail superintendent.\"Though taking a cue from this incident, we will be more cautious in future. Precautions would be taken to avoid any such incident,\" he added.Reportedly, the CCTV cameras installed on the jail premises are only to deter the visitors as they are without recording facility. These cameras were not working for a long time and repaired hardly a week ago.Even the CCTV camera installed to capture the activities at the meeting place cannot record footages.Confirming this, Nargawe said a proposal has been sent to jail head quarters in this regard and a well-equipped CCTV camera is likely to be installed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12972029", "title": "Hyderabad records hottest day of 2012", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city sweated it out on Wednesday to record this summer's highest temperature - 41.9 degrees Celsius. Meteorological department officials attributed the rise in temperatures to dry northwesterly winds.They said that dry winds coming in from central India and passing over Telangana region had led to the soaring heat. And, according to met officials, chances are that the mercury will keep inching northwards with the prediction being that the temperature might even touch 42 degrees Celsius on Thursday.Met department director, Sudhakar Rao said that the current temperature of three degrees above normal is not unusual for this time of the year and warned that relief may now be possible only upon advent of the monsoon.\"It is the peak of summer. The temperatures will go down were thundershowers to occur,\" Rao said. Officials said that several parts of the state were in the grip of heat wave conditions. In the absence of any moisture, the harsh weather is likely to continue over the next couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12974585", "title": "For BCCI, old in not quite gold", "text": "MUMBAI: Madhavan Balan Pandit will turn 86 this June. It will also be 42 years after he retired from first class cricket. He played 46 first-class matches between 1946 and 1970 for Kerala before hanging his boots. So, what's special about him?Pandit, who even has a tournament named after him under the aegis of the Kerala Cricket Association , will not be a beneficiary of BCCI's new proposal to distribute as much as approximately Rs 10 crore every year (from the money generated from IPL's playoff matches) to former cricketers. The hitch: you need to have played at least 10 Tests or 75-first class matches. Interestingly, the cut-off year too will be 2003-04 , which means only about 200 players will benefit.Despite playing first-class cricket for 24 years -- the same number as Sachin Tendulkar in first-class and international cricket -- Pandit will lose out. While the board's generosity has been widely appreciated across the cricketing circuit, it will do well to think about men like Pandit and others of his era.Having played at a time when Ranji Trophy was only a knockout tournament, cricketers from lesser-known states (also princely states) would barely get one or two matches, before losing to stronger teams like Mumbai, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka (or Bombay, Madras and Mysore much earlier).Pandit, for the record, played his cricket for Kathiawar and later Kerala in independent India. Today, he is bed-ridden as he watches his grandson get married and is in grave need of medical assistance.Pandit may not be remembered by many who haven't followed Kerala cricket over the years, but Mumbai's Madhav Apte, who also played for Bengal, is well-known . Apte played first-class cricket for 17 years. However, his tally of matches stands at 67. He also played seven Tests for India, with an average bordering on 50. But he too will not benefit from BCCI's generosity.There are many other cricketers who fall in the same category.Equally baffling is 2003-04 as the cut-off year. There is no point comparing cricketers' earnings in the 50s and 60s to those after the mid-90 s. In the early 50s, cricketers who toured West Indies received Rs 1500 for a four-month tour and around Rs 2500 for those who toured England. Compare that to cricketers in 1993, when for the first time, the BCCI sold television rights to Trans World International (TWI) for a whopping $1m. Player fees too shot up astronimcally.The board's cut-off year - 2004 - is when former president Jagmohan Dalmiya sold the television rights to Zee TV for an unprecedented amount totalling $500m.Also, if a cricketer retired in 2003-04, he'd still be in the mid-forties today, young enough to be earning. But players of Pandit and Apte's era, who retired long ago, haven't made much money. \"The cut-off year should be 1993,\" reckon many.To be fair to the BCCI, they've proposed and implemented quite a few schemes to add to the welfare of former cricketers. This time too, as generous as they are, a little more thinking will be better appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973550", "title": "Celebrations mark Central Command Raising Day", "text": "LUCKNOW: The 49th Raising Day of the Central Command was celebrated with fanfare at Cantonment here on Tuesday. To mark the occasion, a solemn wreath laying ceremony at the Central Command War Memorial 'Smritika' was held where Lt Gen Anil Chait, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief (GOC-in-C), Central Command, laid a wreath in honour of martyrs.On this occasion, 22 outstanding sportsmen, who had excelled in sporting events at international and national level during the previous year were presented the Command Blazer. Lt Gen Chait also distributed prizes to 20 civilian staff of Headquarters Central Command for their outstanding staff work.Tea with Officers, Junior Commissioned Officers (JCOs), Other Ranks (ORs) and civilian employees was also held during the day at Headquarters Central Command. On the occasion Lt Gen Anil Chait felicitated all personnel of Surya Command and called upon all ranks to re-dedicate themselves to the service of our beloved motherland.He further reiterated that it is only by working 'together' that the Surya fraternity would be able to make a difference. Earlier, on April 28 and 29, a variety entertainment programme by a troupe and Barakhana for the soldiers, civilian employees and their families was organised as part of 49th Raising Day celebrations of the Central Command. A get-together for all serving and retired officers of the Command, band concert, ghazal/musical evening was also organised at the Command Officers' Mess here.The Headquarters Central Command was raised on May1, 1963 at Lucknow. The jurisdiction of the Central Command spreads to seven states which includes Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand , Bihar , Madhya Pradesh , Jharkhand , Chhattishgarh and Odisha. Besides maintaining the integrity of the country and sanctity of the borders, the Central Command has given immense support to the people of seven states in hour of their need. Be it flood relief scheme or aid to civil authority, whenever there was a call for help, the Central Command was always there to lend a helping hand.The Command is also aware of its social responsibilities. Therefore in the previous year, massive programmes were organised in the Cantonment area to increase awareness among the local people about spread of HiV and AIDS. A large number of people, including junior doctors of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical College, Nursing Officers of Command Hospital and residents of Topkhana Bazar attended the awareness programme. Aids awareness programmes were also conducted by various area Headquarters, Sub Area Headquarters and the Formation Headquarters and their affiliated units.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978157", "title": "Will 'Taur Mittran Di' break records ?", "text": "With it's music being emerged as a super hit now all eyes are set up on 'Taur Mittran Di'.The movie has some big names to it's credit, Amrinder Gill, Rannvijay Singh, Surveen Chawla and Ameeta Pathak. This film brings back Jimmy Shergill and Navaniat Singh, though this time as a producer and director.The music of the film ahs already been a hit and has been climbing the top charts with songs like 'Assi haan punjabi' . Punjab box office is looking for a blockbuster after 'Jihne mera dil luteya'.Will this movie make or break records ? We will have to wait and watch.Source: punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974635", "title": "Bakery employee 'kills' self", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A day after labour day, an employee of a city-based bakery allegedly committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his room here on Wednesday. The deceased, Papu Pradhan (24), was working as a baker at a factory in Rasulgarh area for the last five years.Pradhan's colleagues, who were holidaying on May Day, said they were shocked to find him hanging after joining duty. \"We do not know why he took the drastic step. There was no problem with the work,\" a colleague said. The bakery's functionaries refused to talk to the media.\"It seemed he was upset following family dispute,\" a police officer said. While police were yet to ascertain the cause of the death, Pradhan's cousin suspected that he was murdered.\"He was a very good baker. We suspect that his colleagues were jealous of him. Police should properly investigate the case,\" his cousin Rajesh Kumar Patra said.\"He had spoken to his family on Tuesday and never looked depressed,\" Patra said. Pradhan belonged to Gobardhanpur village in Khurda district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973881", "title": "An enjoyable evening of fun, food, colours and togetherness", "text": "KOLKATA: Taking a break from the monotonous routine, the residents of Belgachia Villa Housing Estate enjoyed thoroughly at the Times Evening organized by The Times of India organised on Saturday evening. The heat did not seen a concern as the residents digged into Rollick icecreams.The event was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors, Medica Superspecialty Hospital and Aviva Life Insurance, while the prizes were sponsored by Canon, IFB, Palki, Camarena, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd, Sun-kwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals, Chowman and Tangerine.The evening kicked off with the IFB special microwave-coaching class conducted by reputable chef Pradip Rozario. Thirty residents attended the class where several cooking tips were given to them.Next in line was a sit-and-draw competition for the young children. A total of 43 children in the age group of 5 to 12 years participated in the competition; the theme being paint your imagination. While Somdip Das bagged the first prize, Shinjini Pramanik and Debdutta Ghosh were judged second and third respectively.This was followed by the cooking competition in which 17 women dished out some exotic recipes. Gopa Mitra took away the first prize. The second prize was bagged by Sima Dey and Tulika Bera came third.The made for each other best couple contest saw eight couples from the housing complex as participants. Five questions concerning his or her respective partner were fired at each individual. Sanjoy and Rintu Moitra was judged the best couple, while Mr and Mrs Guha Roy came second. The third prize was awarded to Amarjit Sarkar and Gauri Sarkar.In the Times Tambola contest, the Quick Fire round was won by Subhra Bhattacharya, first row winner was Subhasis Sarkar, second row winner was Ananjan Giri and third row winner was Gauri Sarkar. The Full House was won by Tridibesh Chakraborty.The evening drew to a close with residents tapping their feet to the lively performance by the Bengali musical band Juvenile.Dindayal Dey, one of the housing committee members, in his speech thanked The Times of India for organising such a wonderful evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972507", "title": "Hospital superintendent's 'rivals' fanned the fire?", "text": "JAIPUR: The politicization of the death of a teenager and the intense media coverage it attracted could be a result of internal politics at the hospital.While similar protests have been witnessed earlier, but the media attention to the recent incident has raised eyebrows.A hospital source said since this time a relative of a nurse in the hospital died, the incident came into the limelight and hospital employees too joined the protest.A senior doctor, however, hinted at internal politics for adding fuel to the fire.Sources said LC Sharma was due to retire last year but the state government granted him a year's extension. This decision may not have gone done well with some of his 'rivals' who now want to dent his image. If inquiry report by principal secretary blames the superintendent for negligence, it could mean an end of the road for Sharma's administrative career.Though Sawai Man Singh hospital had witnessed protest earlier also over deaths of patients but the incident of death of teen age girl a couple of days ago attracted attention in a big way.Sources said that last year too there were such incident happened in the hospital but that incidents did not attract much attention. One of such incidents was death of a woman who had died in the OPD as there was no trolley available to carry her to the emergency ward. Her attendant had rushed to get a trolley for her but after sometime she died at the OPD. After the incident the hospital administration brought more trolleys and deployed more trolley man at the OPD gate.Sources said recently in Zanana hospital too, a woman had died after giving birth to a baby in the hospital. The relatives of the patients alleged negligence and they protested at the hospital. Such incidents of protest in hospital do happen, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972304", "title": "CBSE allows absentees till May 5 to register online", "text": "NAGPUR: If for some reason you were unable to make it to your All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) offline centre on April 29, here comes a second chance.The CBSE, the body which conducts the exam, has decided to allow anyone who was absent on that day to appear in the online version scheduled to start from next week. The online test will be held only for the B.E/B.Tech courses, as the B Arch subject test was available only in the offline mode.The online exam will be held twice daily and on multiple days, so candidates who want to appear for the exam will now have to register online at www.aieee.nic.in before May 5. Though the first online test will be held on May 7, the absentee candidates will not be able to choose that date option. Candidates can choose any one date from May 12, 19 and 26 but the CBSE will allot one based on availability.Nagpur is a totally online centre for AIEEE but an overwhelming majority of candidates from the region had opted for the offline version. In Amravati, which was the nearest offline centre, almost 21,000 candidates appeared for the exam.Across the country 10 lakh students had opted for the offline version while another 1.64 lakh chose the online version. When TOI spoke to CBSE officials they were unable to provide the exact number of absentees in the offline test. The central board has clarified that even after the applications from absentees are received, the details will be verified to ensure that no one is misusing the second chance being offered.In Nagpur, preparations for the online exams are well underway but the number of centres and student enrolment figures are not being divulged. TOI tried to contact Beena Gokhale, who is the facilitator for Nagpur, but she did not respond to our calls or SMS.Navneet Singh Tuli, who heads Guru Nanak Group of Institutions, said, \"From the information I have, it seems about 7,000 students will be appearing for the online tests. My two online centres will have a capacity of 1200 students alone and all the preparations have been made.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12974528", "title": "Kozhikode corporation helpless as waste piles up", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Kozhikode Corporation is unable to implement the Solid Waste (Management and Handling) rules 2000 in an effective manner because it lacks a mechanism to check violations. People here do not follow the stipulated waste disposal rules and this in turn affects the collection and removal procedures, say authorities.Head of Varakkal Kudumbasree unit Yashoda Babu said that despite door-to-door collection and segregation of waste, people still dump waste stuffed in plastic bags at public places. \"They just drop it along pocket roads and we have to collect it. The plastic and degradable wastes are then segregated at collection points,'' she said.The decision to implement the rule was taken at a council meeting chaired by then mayor M Bhaskaran in February 2010. The move was part of a campaign to make the city a plastic waste zone. The civic body had then imposed a ban on waste dumping in public places and a fine was instituted. The civic body then said that those who flouted rules would have to pay a fine of Rs 100 to Rs 25, 000 while facing a prison term of six months. However the existing fine is fixed at just Rs 250. The civic body then entrusted the corporation secretary to fix the penalty while appeals against the penalty were asked to be filed before the chairman of the standing committee on education and health.Health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni acknowledged that staff shortage hit their anti-plastic drive though a health squad was formed to curb the sale of plastic below 30 microns.\"We are chalking out a new plan that envisages a total ban on plastic carry bags below 40 microns. This will be announced officially once the proposal gets the council's approval,\" she said.Corporation secretary advocate M Kunhimuhammed admitted that they failed to implement the rule.\"The health staff did conduct drives and imposed fines on violators. The routine was discontinued after sometime due to limited resources,'' said the corporation secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972210", "title": "Academicians\u2019 email accounts hacked", "text": "NAGPUR: Two city academicians spent a harried time recently. Their email accounts were hacked and their friends received mails asking for financial help as they were stranded in foreing countries.Pramod Pampatwar, technical director of Jhulelal Institute of Technology (JIT), fielded almost 300 calls on Tuesday from friends and acquaintances, asking about his well being and his 'request for financial help'.Pampatwar's email was hacked on Tuesday. The hacker sent a mail to all his saying, \"I traveled to London , UK for a one-week volunteer Training Program, unfortunately for me I was robbed and my wallet was taken at the hotel where I was lodged. I only need to clear the hotel bills before I can leave. I didn't bring my phones here and the hotel telephone lines were disconnected during the robbery, so I have access to only emails. Please I really need your financial assistance.\"Pampatwar's contact book contained mostly official email IDs of bureaucrats in education ministry, AICTE officials, ministers and other educationists. Pampatwar said, \"Many of these people called me up asking about my problem mentioned in the email. I told them I had sent no such mail and tried to verify. But even my password had been changed and as the mails kept on landing in people's inbox. My phone would not stop ringing.\"Some of Pampatwar's friends replied to the email asking how they could send the money. \"The hacker mailed back using my name and asked that the money be deposited in a UK account. One of my directors was on the brink of transferring the money but fortunately dialed my cell number to check with me,\" said Pampatwar.He reported the matter to police. He got his mail access restored on Wednesday through service provider Yahoo! \"Unfortunately the hacker deleted all my important mails, contacts and drafts,\" said Pampatwar.Before this, many contacts of Yugal Rayalu, head of the vocational training department, Dharampeth Science College, got message from his email ID (also of Yahoo!), saying he was in trouble in Spain and needed money. Upon enquiring with him, they came to know it was another case of email hacking. Rayalu then mailed all his contacts telling them the earlier message was a fake and requesting them not to fall prey to any such appeals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12971589", "title": "Struggling Mumbai face fumbling Pune", "text": "PUNE: Team Pune have a natural inclination towards binding as a unit; most of their players have been rejected by national selectors or IPL franchises. They have a common goal too: to fight against the odds. But at the same time, they lack batting firepower, especially at the top of the order. Worse, they are also missing the vibrancy of paceman Ashok Dinda.With left-arm pacer Ashish Nehra continuing to be his unpredictable self and two top internationals (captain Sourav Ganguly and Aussie Michael Clarke) still trying to understand the vagaries of T20 batting, they will start as underdogs against Team Mumbai here on Thursday. They have, after all, lost the early momentum by losing three successive games, including two against laggards Hyderabad.Mumbai, on the other hand, are trying to regain their status as one of the title contenders with the return of Sachin Tendulkar. But they won't take Pune lightly, after losing to them last month at the Wankhede.Pune have so far played 10 games. Seven of those were won by teams that had done better in the powerplay overs (see box); indeed, all four games at the new stadium too have been won by teams that were ahead after six overs.Mumbai captain Harbhajan Singh was critical of the Wankhede track the other day. Hopefully, he will find this away track more to his liking, at the picturesque Subrata Roy Sahara stadium.Pune vs Mumbai has been the most sought after match at the venue with great demand for tickets across the ghat. Hence the electric atmosphere and heavy flag-waving from supporters of both sides is more or less guaranteed.Harbhajan could revel in such a situation. But he has to impress upon his batsmen that matches are won over 20 overs. On paper, Mumbai have more batsmen who can hit boundaries. But they have let themselves down with totals of 101 and 92 against Pune and Delhi, respectively.Yes, Mumbai have lost their home match against Punjab in the last over. But they have also won two away games in the last over, chasing against Punjab and Hyderabad. The only problem is that their batsmen try to stamp their authority too soon more often than not. If Pune's bowlers encash on that folly, they can make a match out of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12974932", "title": "\u2018Stop pollution of water bodies or face the music\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: State legal services committee chairman and high court judge D V Shailendra Kumar on Wednesday asked the forest and district authorities of Chamarajanagar to take steps to prevent pollution of water bodies and set a deadline of three months for them to file an affidavit on comprehensive plan on this score.Presiding over the third Mysore revenue division Lok Adalat here, Shailendra Kumar said the progress in preventing pollution, safeguarding animals and management of solid waste in the district has not been satisfactory. The officials of various departments lack coordination in executing the work, he said.The committee directed the officials to immediately stop pollution of streams inside the forests as it could pose a danger to wild animals.According to reports submitted by the forest and environmental officials, one of the three coffee estates in Biligiriranga tiger reserve was found letting effluent into water bodies.Forest officials told the court that in the previous year, 27 elephants were killed in separate incidents of which four died of electrocution. A forest officer reasoned that 23 of them died due to ill-health.Shailendra Kumar observed that due to increased human intervention and activities inside the forests, incidents of animal deaths are being reported and hence, necessary precautions should be taken to protect them in their habitats.The judge also directed to utilize services of tribal on the line of Gir forest, Gujarat, wherein tribal have been appointed to protect wildlife. Even the elephant corridor should be protected to ensure safety of the massive animals. The judge said by the next meeting, the officials of all the eight districts should file an affidavit on the action taken report with regard to direction given during this meeting, failing which action will be initiated.Earlier, regional commissioner M V Jayanthi briefed about the issues to be discussed in the Lok Adalat.Deputy commissioners of Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Udupi, Chikkamagalur, Dakshina Kannada, Hassan and Mandya districts gave power point presentation on solid waste management, bio medical waste management, tanks and underground water management, tree planting and rejuvenation of water supply catchments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhii", "code": "12973061", "title": "Delhi University journalism test now on June 3", "text": "NEW DELHIi: The common journalism entrance test (C-JET) at Delhi University will now be held on June 3 instead of May 27. The university decided to postpone it, as its date was clashing with entrance exams of several other institutions. The date for applying to C-JET has also been extended to May 18. The common test was introduced last year to make the application process easier for students willing to pursue BA (honours) journalism in DU.Only five colleges in DU - Delhi College of Arts and Commerce (DCAC), Kalindi, Kamala Nehru, Maharaja Agrasen, and Lady Shri Ram - offer this course. Of these, only DCAC and Maharaja Agrasen College are co-educational institutions. This year, aspirants can apply for the course online as well as offline. \"The forms are available at all five colleges though candidates will have to submit them at DCAC only. We had to change the date for the convenience of students due to a clash of schedule with other universities,\" said Dr Tarjeet Sabharwal, convenor, admissions committee for BA (honours) journalism and faculty member, DCAC.She said, \"We have also reduced the minimum eligibility criterion for the exam from 70% last year to 60% this time for general category students.\" The minimum percentage required by OBC candidates in class XII is 54%.Sabharwal said the criterion has been changed to enable more students to apply. \"Students pursuing humanities are especially interested in this course but they do not score as high as those taking up science and commerce,\" she said. General candidates will also have to score 60% in English while students in all other categories need 50% in the subject.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12972798", "title": "Osama death anniversary: Tight vigil on borders", "text": "JAISALMER: Expecting bomb blasts by Taliban terrorists in Pakistan on the first death anniversary of Osama Bin Laden , the Border Security Force has been put on high alert on international border of Pakistan adjoining Rajasthan and Punjab to foil any undesired activities at the sensitive areas. The BSF has increased patrolling and is keeping a strict vigil on the situation.According to the BSF senior official sources, Taliban terrorists are expected to execute blast bombs in Afghanistan and Pakistan on the first death anniversary of Osama Bin Laden.Sources said that these steps have been taken as preventive measures. BSF senior officers have been directed to reach the border and monitor the security arrangements.They said patrolling has been increased at the border and jawans are keeping a tight vigil. At present the situation is normal and peaceful.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12971982", "title": "Machan census in national parks on May 6", "text": "NAGPUR: The lost memories of waterhole census, popularly known as machan census among the wildlife buffs, will come alive on May 6, the 'Buddha Pournima' day, in all the parks in Vidarbha.For the first time after 2007, individuals with wildlife credentials will be allowed to take part in the exercise. Barring Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR), till last year the exercise was being done by the field staff in parks like Bor, Nagzira, Navegaon, Chaprala, Tipeshwar and Melghat.The pugmark and waterhole census method to count animals was withdrawn by the National Tiger Conservation Authority ( NTCA) considering it as a not-so-scientific method.\"I have issued orders to allow individuals to take part in the daylong exercise with forest staff. Oficials have been asked to repair machans and make arrangements,\" said AK Saxena, additional principal chief conservator of forests (wildlife), Nagpur (East).Saxena added those wanting to take part will have to coordinate with the field directors and park managers. \"The basic reason to involve NGOs was to maintain transparency besides keeping a record for our own benefit,\" he said.Last year, there were 148 'machans' in Tadoba (48), Kolsa (51), and Moharli (50), the three ranges of TATR. Over 95 volunteers, mostly affiliated to the NGOs working for wildlife conservation, were allowed to take part.In the fresh advisory issued to park managers, Saxena has said those involved in drinking will be punished. In 2007, four persons found consuming liquor on a machan in Tadoba were punished. It had also led to a legislative assembly question (LAQ). Those below 18 years of age will not be allowed to take part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12974114", "title": "Stricter AC norms to save Rs 1,000cr in 2 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stricter energy efficiency norms for air-conditioners unveiled on Wednesday would further reduce your power bills and save up to Rs 1,000 crore by December, 2013, by way of putting lesser load on the supply network.The upgraded norms, framed by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE), raises the efficiency quotient by 8% for split air-conditioners used in offices and commercial buildings. Home consumers too are increasingly opting for such units.BEE also launched a mobile phone application, 'AC Power Saver', that enables consumers to calculate energy consumption and savings right on their mobile devices. \"These standards would save us 200mw of additional power generation capacity or savings of about Rs 1,000 crore by December, 2013,\" said Ajay Mathur, director general of BEE. The cost of putting up a 1-mw coal-fired generation capacity is about Rs 5 crore.Users of Android, BlackBerry and iPhone can get the application free of charge. These tools will help consumers calculate the expected annual electricity bills and potential savings. Users can get an idea about their savings on their electricity bills if they buy higher star-rating (higher efficiency) air-conditioners.\"Research shows that every watt of energy saved at consumption results in four watts less energy produced, factoring in the generation and transmission losses,\" said Deepak Takkar, senior vice-president of Emerson Climate Technologies, BEE's collaborator for developing the phone app.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974546", "title": "No more smokescreens", "text": "Halting plans to run warning scrolls against smoking on cinema screens is a positive move by the information and broadcasting ministry . However, while the delay affords the cinema industry some relief for now, this remains an area that requires finality in decisions - not confusing flip-flops . This particular ruling was introduced in 2011, mandating that all new films feature anti-tobacco health warnings scrolling across the screen through the duration of any situation - and many come to mind - where a character lights up. As anticipated, the ruling met with dismay from India's huge cinema industry which has innumerable classics and modernday films showing protagonists smoking, our films portraying India in all its glory and grime, its sunlight and smoke. Demanding warning scrolls be injected into film scenes meant both a possible vandalisation of this rich film history as well as a tight and unrealistic limiting of current artistic freedom. The decision to maintain the status quo, at least until the cinema industry could find a workable way out, is therefore a welcome break.However, it's important the government makes up its mind on the issue. Smoking, like other social problems, exists widely across India and is not going to stop by simply banning it on screen. Instead of wishing it away from popular culture, a smart state would invest heavily in targeted information campaigns and other methods. By banning smoking on screen - rather like how kissing was once prohibited, subversive depictions of sensuality thus becoming widespread - the state will accomplish little, except to frustrate both cinema-makers and viewers. It's time policymakers stopped placing smokescreens on cinema and instead effectively tackled the problems our filmmakers only portray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973279", "title": "Drivers abandon dead body after mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: A tempo driver and a biker-who were ordered by a traffic constable to take a pedestrian they had knocked down to a hospital-abandoned the vehicle at Goregaon (W) after the victim seemed to have died en route. The accident took place on April 30, but the Goregaon police who discovered the body the next day, launched a murder investigation, and it was only hours later that they learned it was an accident case. The police have arrested the biker, but are yet to trace tempo driver Sushilkumar Pandey.Around 5.30pm on Monday, 25-year-old Golu Devisad Gavai was hit by a speeding biker as he was walking on the main road at Milind Nagar in Powai. He collapsed on the road and almost immediately a passing tempo also hit him. The tempo dragged him some distance before halting. At the time, Gavai, who had sustained serious injures, was still alive. A traffic constable, who was on duty a few kilometres away, arrived at the spot. He confiscated the licences of both biker N Badani and tempo driver Pandey and asked the duo to transport Gavai to a hospital before reporting to the Powai station to collect their licences.But when the duo reached Goreagon (W), Pandey realized that Gavai had passed away. \"Panicking, he drove the tempo up to Motilal Nagar junction in Goregaon (W) and abandoned it there with the body. Badani, too, drove off,\" said Arun Jadhav, senior police inspector of Goregaon police station.On Tuesday, May 1, passersby alerted the Goreagon police to the dead body in the tempo. Based on the injuries on the victim's body, the police concluded that he had been murdered and started investigations to track down the 'killer'. They traced the tempo to Pandey's employer. He informed them that Pandey had called him up the previous night with a story that he had been attacked thugs who stole the tempo. The worried owner, too, had alerted the Oshiwara police. \"After making the call, Pandey switched off his cellphone. We are yet to trace him.\" Jadhav added.It was several hours later that the Goregaon police after coordinating with the Powai police learned it was not a murder case. The police have traced the biker and arrested him under Section 304A (causing death by negligence) of the IPC. Gavai was a cleaner in the office of Ambika Tankers at Saki Naka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973857", "title": "Meet the 'Americanised' Feluda", "text": "KOLKATA: The eight-year-old stared at the tall man in a kurta, puffing on an unfiltered cigarette, pacing across the television screen trying to work out how Maganlal Meghraj managed to get his hands on the antique Ganesha idol belonging to the Ghoshal family.\"That isn't Feluda. I watched Feluda yesterday. He doesn't look anything like this,\" the child said after a while before walking out of the room.The child isn't to blame. His first introduction to Feluda was on Saturday morning on a cartoon channel that showed Satyajit Ray's creation in a completely new avatar. The animated version of Feluda that he saw was nothing like the detective in 'Sonar Kella' or 'Joy Baba Felunath'. There is also no similarity between the animated character and the Feluda played by Sabyasachi Chakraborty in the films made by Sandip Ray.\"The animated Feluda doesn't think so much. He is a man of action. He is also keen on remote-controlled toys. And Jatayu doesn't wear a kurta-pajama. He is dressed in a shirt and trousers and wears a cowboy hat,\" the boy whined after his parents tried to introduce him to the Feluda they grew up with.Sandip Ray laughed when this was pointed out to him. \"I have heard of this from several people. I have heard that they have created an 'Americanised' version of Feluda. Maybe, I should send a strong letter to the creators of the animated version,\" the maestro's son said.It was nearly a couple of years ago when a multimedia firm came up with the idea of animating Feluda. It was decided that 'Joto Kando Kathmandu-te' would be made into a 52-minute animated film. This would be followed up with 13 22-minute episodes based on Ray's mystery stories. The package was named 'Mysteries and Feluda'. A few changes may have been necessary. For one, the Charminar dangling from the ace detective's lips had to vanish. New characters added to attract children, like Bones the dog, could also have been tolerated by the fans. But the producers shouldn't mind if the true Feluda fans grimace at the complete product on offer.\"I am aware that Feluda has been animated. I was also told that the film was shown on a certain channel last year. However, I haven't seen a single episode,\" Sandip Ray said.But then, Feluda's reputation certainly helped in marketing the animated film and serials worldwide. The viewer from abroad who hasn't been initiated to Feluda either on print or film may even like the animated version, but would find it hard to relate with the original if they got a chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973258", "title": "Forest guards given monitoring devices", "text": "BHOPAL: Taking a lead in the country to go hi-tech, the Madhya Pradesh's forest department's information technology wing here on Wednesday distributed personal digital assistant (PDA), a mobile electronic handheld information device, to around 40-odd forest guards to monitor and protect jungles and wildlife.\"Around 1,500 PDA connected with the forest department's server is going to be given to frontline staff in the state capital circle, IT wing's additional principal chief conservator of forest Anil Oberai told TOI. \"We have already started the process of distributing PDA devices across the state and in Hoshangabad and Harda districts, we have done with it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973056", "title": "Drunk driving victims on road to recovery", "text": "MUMBAI: More than a month ago, Priyanka Rai (22) and Charu Khandal (28) became victims of separate drunk-driving cases. Today, both are showing improvement in their condition. While Priyanka still has a long way to recovery, Charu's family is looking forward to her recovery and subsequent marriage.Priyanka Rai (22) was grievously injured when the car, in which she and her friends were travelling, crashed into a tree and later into an auto. Her friend Shivani Rawat (18) died within hours of the mishap, while another friend Nimisha Mane (19) died two weeks later.Doctors say Priyanka has shown improvement after a surgery for facial bones last week. \"She is conscious and shows some movement in the hand and is in a better condition than before,\" said Dr Abhay Vispute, who is treating Priyanka at Criticare in Andheri (W).Priyanka suffered fractures on her vertebrae, skull, ribs and legs. She also developed pneumothorax (lung collapse caused by collection of air in the space around the organ) following rib fracture, causing difficulty in breathing.Though Priyanka's condition is better now, the family is waiting for her to talk. \"She is not able to move much, neither does she talk,\" said Surendra Kumar Pandey, Priyanka's uncle.The family has received monetary help from MP Nitesh Rane, which helped them pay for a major part of Priyanka's treatment. To sustain treatment, we will need more help. Otherwise, it will not be possible for Priyanka's father, who earns Rs 15,000 per month,\" said Pandey. Priyanka still has to undergo one more plastic surgery.On the other hand, after 36 days in the ICU, Charu has now been moved to a private room on Wednesday. Her fiance, Sagar Thacker said, \"She felt a little sensation in her palm. She is better now, but a complete recovery will take time.''Doctors say Charu has been put off the ventilator and can breathe, eat and drink on her own. \"She can be rehabilitated with physiotherapy,\" said Dr Ram Narain, medical director of Kokilaben Hospital, where Charu is being treated. Earlier, Sagar and Charu had planned to marry in November. Sagar said, \"Right now, we are thinking of getting her back on her feet and nothing beyond that. It is most likely to be a court marriage.Both families have done enough of running around after the accident, so I would like it to keep it small and quiet.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12974875", "title": "Swami Sanand may sit on fast-unto-death again", "text": "VARANASI: Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand is likely to begin a fast-unto-death again, for the third time, from Thursday onwards. The fast would be a protest against the Central government's lukewarm response on the issue of uninterrupted flow of Ganga.\"Fifteen days have passed since the meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , but we are yet to receive any communication from the PMO regarding the PM's meeting with Swami Sanand,\" said Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, the convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam.Since Swami Sanand was not allowed to attend the NGRBA meeting at the eleventh hour due to illness, the PM had assured that any decision on the issues discussed at the meeting would be taken only after consulting Swami Sanand, he said, adding that the PM had also assured an early meeting with Swami Sanand.\"The decision of a fast-untodeath is almost final, but it would be announced only after a meeting with our active member 'Waterman' Rajendra Singh, who is on his way to Varanasi,\" Avimukteshwaranand told TOI on Wednesday. \"We are trying to achieve some concrete results through 'Ganga Tapasya' by Swami Sanand,\" Rajendra Singh told the TOI over phone.Meanwhile, the Save Ganga movement of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam continued in the city. On Wednesday, Swami Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranand visited Shiv Prasad Gupta Hospital to meet Ganga Premi Bhikshu, who was admitted there. On the other hand, the volunteers of different social organisations assembled at the ghats and observed a token fast on Tuesday evening to mark the 108th day of the Save Ganga movement.Earlier, the meeting of NGRBA held in New Delhi on April 17 had concluded without any concrete decision. Swami Sanand (also known as Prof G D Agrawal, a noted environmentalist) who was admitted at AIIMS, New Delhi, could not attend the meeting. However, the other special invitees of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, including convener Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati, had attended the meeting.\"It seems that the government is not serious about the Ganga despite its commitment of ensuring undisturbed flow of the holy river,\" Avimukteshwaranand said.Swami Sanand had begun his fast-unto-death, for the first time on March 9 at Kedar Ghat, and ended his fast on the 15th day at AIIMS, New Delhi on March 23. He had ended his fast on March 23 after he received a written agreement from the government of India.The agreement letter was signed by Sriprakash Jaiswal, minister of coal and V Narayansamy, Union minister of state for personnel, public grievances and pensions and the PMO, the authorised representatives of Government of India. It was agreed by both sides that the next meeting of NGRBA would take place in New Delhi on April 17. A delegation of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam having seven persons, including Swami Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranad, would be invited as special invitees in the meeting, and the agenda as proposed by Ganga Seva Abhiyanam would be included in the agenda of NGRBA meeting and would be placed for discussion on priority basis.Besides, Swami Sanand was also assured that the main issues, which had been verbally communicated during various meetings would be accorded serious consideration by concerned departments/agencies.But, the swami again opted for fast on April 10, accusing the government of not fulfilling its promises of stopping work on some hydroelectric power projects in Uttarakhand.Swami Sanand has gone on hunger strike for Ganga in the past also - for 18 days in 2008. He had ended his fast on June 30, 2008, after the Uttarakhand government promised in writing to suspend work on the Bhairon Ghati (380 MW) and Pala-Maneri (480 MW) hydropower projects (HPPs) on the Bhagirathi river., and the Central government gave a written commitment to ensure free flow of the river. Later, he sat on fast on January 14, 2009, and broke this hunger strike on the 38th day when the Central government gave a written commitment to suspend all work on the Loharinag-Pala HPP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12975160", "title": "Snags, damaged transformers cause prolonged power cuts", "text": "VARANASI: Even as the mercury crosses the 40 degrees Celsius mark in the city, the power rostering has added to the woes of the denizens. On Wednesday, most parts of the city witnessed prolonged power cuts. Also, there were reports of damaged transformers (mainly due to rising power load) and other local faults.A technical snag at 132 kV Ledhupur substation disrupted the power supply in most of the trans-Varuna areas. Besides, snags at 33 kV substations at Kashi Vidyapith, Chawkaghat and Shankuldhara (cis-Varuna) and Pannalal Park (trans-Varuna) areas also caused power cuts.As per M L Sharma, chief engineer (distribution), PVVNL, the rising power demand owing to soaring mercury is taking a toll on the power supply, but efforts are on to replace the damaged transformers on a priority basis. The augmentation work at substations with increased capacity of transformers has been done and replacement of old and damaged wires is also being done to strengthen power supply, Sharma added.Reportedly, apart from deployment of as many as 12 trolley transformers in different parts of the city, over one dozen damaged transformers are yet to be replaced.Meanwhile, as per reports of PVVNL office, the power demand in the city has gone over 500 MW during the peak summer season. Also, as per instructions of Lucknow control, the region is witnessing two additional hours of power rostering, besides the usual four hours of rostering in the daytime.However, its is the prolonged power cuts during the night which are giving nightmares to residents. As per records of Met department, the mercury has maintained its rising trend in the last one week with the maximum temperature crossing 42 degrees Celsius mark in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "12973050", "title": "Kalyan widow targeted by MNS 'threatened' again", "text": "KALYAN: On Wednesday evening, the Bazarpeth police registered a case of assault, trespassing and threatening against MNS Kalyan city president Ravi Bhosale and six others for allegedly beating up a 36-year-old widow, Harshada Bhanushali, to make her vacate the rented house where she stayed.Police have booked Bhosale, landlord Tribhuvan Gupta, his brother, Vinod Yadav and three unknown women. Bhanushali alleged that on Wednesday morning she was again threatened at the hospital. Talking to TOI, Bhanushali said, \"Around 8 am, a youth asked my name and came to the ward in Shreedevi Hospital. He threatened me that if I file an FIR against anybody, my 11-year-old son and I will land in trouble.\"Bhanushali also alleged the youth threatened her sister with whom her son stays. On Monday, Bhosale, Gupta and others went to Bhanushali's house and allegedly beat her up when she refused to vacate the house. She was injured in the attack and her clothes were torn. They also threw her belongings outside the house.The victim alleged that after the incident, there was pressure on her from MNS workers to not lodge a complaint against Bhosale and the landlord.Bhosale rubbished the charges and said he went there only to sort out the matter. \"We have registered a case against the accused and will soon take action,\" said deputy commissioner of police Manoj Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973122", "title": "Engineering diploma results dip", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Technological University (GTU) has declared 20 per cent result of the first semester of diploma engineering students. This is one of the lowest results of first semester diploma engineering announced in the recent past which comes close on the heels of an equally dismal 27 per cent result of first semester degree engineering students declared recently.GTU officials said that the result was originally only 13 per cent. Considering that it was one of the poorest results, re-checking was ordered and grace marks ranging from two to five marks were awarded in bulk to a big number of students. However, even with lenient gracing, the result could be increased to only 20 per cent.Officials said that of the 45,000 students, only 9,000 students have passed the exams. This is one of the lowest numbers of students clearing the exam in the recent history. Maximum 70 per cent students have failed in Math subject. Lowest seven per cent result has been posted by Palanpur and Dahod polytechnic colleges. Gandhinagar polytechnic college has secured nine per cent result while Godhra college has recorded 10 per cent result.Students have fared poorly in the remedial exam for first semester as well. Of the 35,000 students who appeared for the remedial exam, 31,700 have failed! The result is 11 per cent.Interestingly, the GTU too seems to be suitably embarrassed with the low result which has not put the diploma engineering results on the website. GTU which believes in conducting most operations online has not put the result online.College-wise result which was earlier put online for the degree engineering colleges has also not been declared online.\"There is a degree of shock prevalent amongst the polytechnic colleges with such huge number of students failing the first semester exams\", said a senior academician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974097", "title": "Punjab, Haryana face problem of plenty", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab and Haryana - the food bowls of India - are facing problem of plenty.Even as PM Manmohan Singh was likely to meet agriculture minister Sharad Pawar in Delhi soon to discuss the problem of wheat storage, Punjab and Haryana continued to struggle for space to store wheat.The two states are expecting a bumper harvest this year and the total wheat production is likely to break all records. But where to store the wheat has become a matter of utmost concern for procurement agencies.There is almost no space in the markets of Punjab and Haryana, forcing farmers to store wheat unscientifically around markets and on roads leading to mandis and resulting in damage to the grains.Every year crores of rupees are lost due to unscientific storing of wheat in Punjab and Haryana.Punjab has already procured over 91 lakh metric tonnes (LMT) of wheat and is expected to cross last year's total production of 110 LMT and reach 115 LMT mark.The state has a storage capacity of 200 LMT and the produce of previous years is lying in more than half of that space. Agriculture department officials said that 68.5 LMT of wheat and 67 LMT of rice from previous years is still stored in the state godowns.Officials said that over 50 LMT of wheat in Punjab would have to be stored unscientifically due to lack of storage space but according to sources, the figure could go up to 80 LMT as the milling of rice was also on in the state.Punjab, which contributes 70% of the food grains to the national kitty, has on many occasions raised the issue with the Union government for the evacuation of previous stocks of wheat and rice from godowns to other states to solve the storage problem.Punjab food and civil supplies department secretary D S Grewal said there was an acute shortage of storage in the state mainly due to slow movement of food grains by the Union government.Similarly, Haryana has a storage capacity of 84 LMT of grain but 64 LMT of wheat and rice is already lying in the state godowns.The state is expecting arrival of 75 LMT of wheat this year, 6 tonnes more than the last year, but will be able to store only 20 LMT and the rest of over 50 LMT is already being kept on the roads and fields.\"Wheat storage is one of the biggest challenges we are facing. As of now, we have a storage capacity of 84 LMT of grains but left with a space of 20 LMT only,\" said Haryana food and supplies department director Arun Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12974496", "title": "This group believes in masti and dhamaal", "text": "LUDHIANA: This bunch of five friends, who have known each other for five years now, don't call each other by their real names. Instead, they have a particular alias for each other. A bunch who believe in 'masti and dhamaal' all the way, they came across each other in 2007.If Chetan Vashisht is called Sitaram, Pankaj Gupta is Dabba and Abhinav Kaushish is Minku. While Parth Sharma is MLA and Yogesh Gupta is Raja.Ghumar Mandi resident Parth says he met Pankaj and Yogesh during Holi through a common friend while Chetan and Abhinav joined them later. \"Our bond has grown stronger in the years and when ever one of us is in trouble, the other four stand by him,'' says Parth.Daresi resident Chetan says the simple philosophy they live by is to enjoy thier lives to the fullest. \"And we have chalked out a particular schedule to meet up every evening, because that is the time when all of us get free, as some of us are studying while others manage their family business,'' he adds.\"We believe in instantaneous decisions and none of our days are planned,'' says Tagore Nagar resident Yogesh. At least thrice a week, the group makes a trip either to Chandigarh, Jalandhar or any place in Himachal Pradesh during late night. A visit to the discos is always on the cards when they visit Chandigarh, says Yogesh.Recalling one such trip, Yogesh says, \"We once decided to head to Morni at 1am. After driving over 20kms, I realized the others had all slept and I was the only one awake and driving. Right then I remembered the haunted stories I had heard about the Morni road and took a U-turn.''Rishi Nagar resident Abhinav remembers another such trip when the group had a narrow escape. \"We were driving at high speed at about 2am when a dog appeared from no where in front of the car. While saving the dog, the car lost control and rammed into a tree, but we escaped unhurt.''This notorious bunch had to then spend the night in a hotel, says Abhinav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12974996", "title": "KIMS security guard assaulted", "text": "HUBLI: KIMS hospital security guard Mahaveer Halliyavar has lodged a complaint in VIdya Nagar police station that he was assaulted by some visitors on Wednesday in hospital premises.Vidya Nagar police said the guard was assaulted by visitors Mehboob Agasar and Mallesh Honnalli of Belagali village, when he tried to stop them to enter the wards during non-visiting hours.The duo picked up a fight with the guard and assaulted him, police said. The accused have been taken into custody.Serial burglaryThieves made away with gold and silver ornaments and cash from three houses in KSRTC quarters in Gokul road police station limits.They stole Rs 33,000 cash, 63 gram gold ornaments and 100 gram silver ornaments which were kept in an almera at Sanjog Gole's house. While Gole's family members were away to their village, Gole had shifted to a guest house as he had got pest control done at his house, police said. Two more houses were also burgled in the same quarters but burgles did not get any valuable things.Two houses burgled in BellaryTwo locked houses were burgled at Raghavakrishna apartments in Brucepet police station limits of Bellary on Wednesday.Brucepet police inspector C N Boopaiah said that thieves gained entry into the two houses on the same night by breaking front door lock, when residents of both houses were out of station for some days.Police said the houses of Suresh and Srinivas Chakrowarthy were burgled.Thieves made away with and escaped with gold jewellery worth Rs 2 lakh from the house of Suresh. A complaint has been lodged with Brucepet police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12974731", "title": "5 more test positive for measles", "text": "KORAPUT: Five more cases of measles were detected in Rayagada district's Kasipur block on Tuesday even as the administration has claimed to have taken all measures to contain the outbreak of the disease.\"Since Saturday no fresh cases of measles was reported in the block. However, on Tuesday blood samples of at least five children of Paikupakhal village tested positive for measles. The children are being treated and we have intensified our surveillance programme,\" health office of Kasipur hospital Saroj Kumar Naik said.While official figure says at least four children have died of measles in the block in the past 20 days and 84 have been affected, locals said the death toll was 10 and more than 100 had been affected.Sources said the disease, which was initially found at Silapas and Railghati villages of Kodipari panchayat, have now spread to a few more villages in the block and the situation may go out of control if all the affected persons are not treated immediately. tnn\"Measles being an air-borne disease, there is a good chance that it spreads to other areas. Scores of children at various villages are still suffering from it and the available healthcare facilities are not sufficient to tackle the disease,\" said a Kasipur resident.Health officials said apart from awareness programmes against the disease, adequate health staff have been sent to the affected villages and all necessary steps have been already taken to arrest the spread of the disease at the earliest.Rayagada collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle said, \"Village-level meetings are being held to make people aware of the disease and to convince them to take medicines and not to depend on sorcerers for treatment. Mobile health units are also constantly monitoring the situation. Health officials have been directed to examine every case of suspected measles and mass immunization of children has been started in the district.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973632", "title": "Main Road cleared of encroachers", "text": "NASHIK: The anti-encroachment department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation confiscated several items from street vendors during an operation on Wednesday.Among the items seized were three handcarts, two iron boxes, a kiosk, one iron frame and stool and five advertisement boards. The department carried out the operation along the the East and West division, primarily focusing on Main Road, as the area has always been encroached upon, and therefore congested by, street vendors.The officials of the department said that it is likely that some of the vendors managed to flee the spot once they noticed the NMC vans, but the officials were doing their best to clear the area as much as they could. The confiscated material was dumped in three trucks belonging to the civic body.Seven officials of the anti-encroachment department along with 20 employees carried out the drive, under the guidance of the deputy commissioner of the anti-encroachment department, Dattatreya Gotise. The team also sought the help of police.\"This will be an ongoing drive. We will be covering the entire city, one location at a time.We have to keep doing this because the encroachers keep coming back after a certain period of time. We do not hand over confiscated material to the vendors but they come back with fresh material and equipment, including kiosks and carts,\" said Gotise.He added that the anti-encroachment department had already cleared certain parts of the city and with such regular drives would continue to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974527", "title": "Race to Raisina Hill", "text": "With the presidential race gaining momentum, the confrontation between the two principal rival alliances - the UPA and the NDA - is scaling up by the day. On top of that, the fissures within the two respective alliances are threatening to derail any possibility of a consensus on a presidential nominee. Even as the ruling Congress has initiated talks with UPA partners like the Trinamool Congress , the DMK and the NCP, the main opposition party, the BJP, has signalled its unwillingness to support any Congress-backed candidate . The BJP's peremptory rejection has triggered discord within the NDA, with important allies like the JD(U) objecting to the BJP making a unilateral statement. In similar vein, the Akali Dal too has emphasised that the NDA has yet to take a considered view on a suitable presidential candidate.A consensus seems difficult as of now - at least on the names presently doing the rounds such as A P J Abdul Kalam, Pranab Mukherjee or Hamid Ansari. While the Congress is not keen to support a second presidential tenure for Kalam, the BJP is inclined to support his candidature. The Samajwadi Party , which controls a sizeable chunk of votes in the 10.98 lakh-strong electoral college, is rooting for a Muslim candidate. There are also lobbies advocating a dalit or a Christian presidential nominee.But can affirmative action be the sole criterion for electing a president? Consider the controversial tenure of Pratibha Patil , chosen by the UPA primarily because of her gender and to claim credit for appointing India's first woman president. But Patil's presidency has been dogged by one controversy after another. According to RTI information, she has spent a whopping Rs 205 crore on her foreign trips, the highest ever by a president. The need for this is questionable at a time of great economic stress. More recently, Patil had to give up vast tracts of land in Pune's Khadki cantonment, where she was building a palatial postretirement bungalow, vastly exceeding the legally stipulated norm that a former president is entitled to.Given the all-round public cynicism about the political class and the continued erosion of institutions and constitutional bodies, it's become essential to redefine the presidency. Rather than play hardball, political parties should sink their differences and select a non-partisan nominee on grounds of merit. That surely will go a long way in rebuilding public confidence in our political and constitutional processes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12973931", "title": "\u2018Dana never showed any signs of stress\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Dana Sangma's last contact with her family was the night before her alleged suicide on April 24. It was a brief SMS exchange with her elder sister Balsame Sangma, a 24-year-old civil engineering graduate. \"Good night\", the message went. The next message to the family arrived from the university management - the 21-year-old MBA student, one-time painting enthusiast, and an all-time adventure-sport buff, had been found hanging in her hostel room. A prima-facie case of suicide, which happened hours after she was \"caught cheating\".\"We couldn't believe it. I still cannot convince myself that it was a suicide,\" said Balsame. Dana, she said, was a strong-headed and sociable individual, never showing any signs of despair or symptoms of stress. \"We had booked a flight ticket for her to come to Tura, her hometown, on May 2 for a few days. She was very excited about it,\" she added.Balsame never remembers seeing Dana glum or brooding. \"She was excited about having done well in the military academy at her university. She was physically very active. I remember she had parasailed once and how she loved it. She was generally very keen about sports, mainly sprinting, in which she had won medals back in her school days,\" she said.The usual set of causes leading to suicidal tendencies - severe depression, recent trauma - are conspicuously absent from Dana's life, as told by those close to her.\"Look at her Facebook page. She had so many friends, was never lonely, and was a rather popular young girl,\" said Balsame. Except this one time Dana had mentioned that she didn't like the attitude of some people towards her, here in Gurgaon. \"She once told dad that she was being discriminated against, because of her roots. But it wasn't a big deal. It was a normal sort of a problem. And she was in the habit of tackling her problems herself.\"As a young girl, Dana went to The Sherwood School in Tura, Meghalaya. Tyrone D'brass, the headmaster at the school, knew her for over 12 years until she passed out at the age of 16. \"Habits are formed in childhood, and Dana wasn't a girl who would cheat in the class. I have seen her grow up, and she was such a pleasant child,\" he said. Painting and reading were her two extra-curricular fixations, and in her school-time she was the girl who went by the rules. \"I don't believe that she was cheating,\" D'brass said. \"A beautiful life has been cut short, and we only have the insensitive response of those few to blame.\"Miani, Dana's cousin, was another relative who knew Dana well. The two used to spend weekends together at Miani's place in New Delhi. \"The question is if she committed suicide, what was the reason?\" Miani, a Delhi University student, said.\"I last met her in April. She had come over for Easter. She left early saying that she wanted to go study for her exams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978323", "title": "We learnt from the same teacher: Artists Jishnu and Jiten", "text": "Two artists from varied backgrounds tutored by the same teacher come together in this exhibition of water colour paintings, writes Debarati S SenWater-colour can lend an endearing transparency to paintings, which is inimitable by any other medium. That is clearly evident in all the works of art being showcased at this exhibition. Fresh green of forest foliage, burnt sienna of muddied water after rains, the beautiful reflection of stray boats floating merrily on multi-hued water, a light blue cloudless sky, bright and colourful autumn leaves, are all depicted in the paintings on display.The exhibition is by two artists from very different backgrounds, but who have trained under the same guru and hence the exhibition is titled Confluence.Interestingly, one of the artists is a 13-year-old boy Jishnu Panja, while the other is a 45-year-old artist, Jitendra Sule, who has had other exhibitions previously.Confluence only has water-colours on professional handmade paper in the imperial and half-imperial sizes, that include 16 works by Jishnu and 19 by Jiten.Jishu loves this medium the most. He says. \"I have been painting since I was in kindergarten. And my teacher found that I was better in water-colour than in other mediums. Till date, I have done around 80 to 90 paintings.\" His parents and teachers have always encouraged him to participate in all kinds of artistic competitions when they noticed his talent. Jishnu sees a photograph and then decides the colours he wants to use before beginning on a painting. \"Blue, pink, crimson and burnt sienna are some of my favourite colours and I love painting landscapes.\"Jitendra Sule used to paint when he was an art student but had to give it up when he chose to be an interior designer. \"I lost touch but wanted to come back to painting. As an interior designer, I would be working on the whims, fancies and requirements of other people, while painting is just for yourself. No one is there to tell you what to do and what not. There is tremendous satisfaction in that.\"Over the years, Jiten has worked in many mediums but his favourite remains water colour. He believes that in this medium 90 per cent of the work is done by the artist while 10 per cent is done accidentally. \"Water colour has accidental results because you cannot really control its flow, its absorption and the way it spreads. The artist's skill lies in how much he has learnt to control it,\" says Jiten.The artist loves doing landscapes more than portraits because he feels that there is not much scope to add your own things when doing these. \"Nature, however, is not so strictly disciplined, and painting a landscape always gives you the free hand to express nature in your own way,\" he signs off.The exhibition at Green Strokes Art Gallery, Chitalsar, Manpada, Thane, will be on from May 5 to May 12 from 4 to 9.30 pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12978826", "title": "No Galaxy Nexus in India: Samsung", "text": "NEW DELHI: For all those waiting for Samsung Galaxy Nexus in India, here's a bad news. The company has just announced via Twitter that India will not see the launch of Galaxy Nexus.The announcement comes as a reply to a question posed by one Amit Wagh, who apparently asked why there was no Galaxy nexus in India?Samsung's reply: \"The Galaxy nexus will not be launched in India. Watch this space for the next big thing.\"This is the first official denial from the company regarding the smartphone's launch in the country.Galaxy Nexus is the first Android's Ice Cream Sandwich device officially announced in Hong Kong in October last year. Since then, the smartphone has been launched in several markets across the globe including US, UK, Singapore , Japan and Korea.Galaxy Nexus comes with a 1.2GHz dual-core processor and has a 5-megapixel rear-facing camera and a 1.3-megapixel front-facing camera. It has a Super AMOLED Plus display measuring 4.65 inch, with a 1280-by-720-pixel resolution. The device also comes pre-installed with Google Wallet, which allows users to make purchases with the tap of a phone at some retail stores.Incidentally, Google Inc recently announced that it will be selling the Android handset on its revamped \"Play\" service, which features Android applications, music, books and movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977540", "title": "Vishal to sign up 3 new films", "text": "Vishal the tall handsome actor is busy with his kitty full of projects. The actor is busy shooting with Trisha in the sets of Samar being directed by Thiru.As way2movies reported viewers prior, Vishal- Trisha's upcoming action thriller is re-titled as Samar 'The War', which was earlier named as Samaran 'The Warrior'. The Vedi actor has signed a couple of projects that might start rolling after his Samar is wrapped up.Vishal will soon join Sundar C for their upcoming comedy entertainer MGR that showcases young actor in triple roles Madhan, Gajan and Rajan. Karthika will be playing one of the lead ladies in Madha Gaja Raja. The other movies being signed by Vishal are Sandakozhi2 with Lingusamy, an untitled film with director Saravanan of Engeyum Eppothum fame and a pending project with Bala.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12975236", "title": "Chain snatcher shouts \u2018thief\u2019 to divert attention, but gets caught", "text": "CHENNAI: A youth fleeing with gold chains snatched from two women tried to divert the attention of those chasing him by screaming 'thief, thief' but was caught and handed over to police. The incident occurred in Madhavaram on Tuesday.Police said Mahi alias Mahesh , 28, of Padianallur near Red Hills first snatched a three-soverign gold chain from K Kamala, 70, near Ponniammanmedu. Kamala and her husband Krishnaswamy cried out and passersby chased Mahesh. He tried to ride away on his bike which stopped abruptly.Mahesh then abandoned it and ran away. Near Thanikachalam Nagar in Madhavaram , he snatched a 1.5-sovereign gold chain from Vimala who was going to the bus terminus with her sister. When the two women cried out, Mahesh began running towards Vazhaithoppu, shouting 'thief, thief' and pretended he was chasing a robber.Vimala and her sister realised the truth and told passersby and employees of a nearby lathe shop that Mahesh was the thief. The employees then caught and handed him over to a patrolling police team that arrived on the spot.A case was registered and Mahesh was arrested. Preliminary inquiries revealed he was involved in many cases of robbery and burglary in Red Hills, Tiruvallur, Periyapalayam , Puzhal and Madhavaram. Police said Mahesh, after being released from Puzhal prison in February last year, managed to stay clean. He claimed he was working as an autorickshaw driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973953", "title": "Shack suggestions submitted to high court", "text": "PANAJI: The state government on Wednesday submitted a list of suggestions before the high court of Bombay at Goa that are being considered for formulating the policy for shacks, deck beds and water sports for Calangute beach in forthcoming tourist season.The Government Advocate Vivek Rodrigues filed the minutes of the meeting held by the Tourism department with the Goa Foundation represented by Advocate Norma Alvares on the issue. As per the minutes it has been proposed to prohibit deck beds altogether on Calangute beach from the next tourist season. In the alternative, deck beds may be permitted only on the sides of the shacks or a line of control may be demarcated not more than 3 meters from the front of the shack beyond which no deck beds will be allowed.The following things will be considered by the tourism department. No licenses will be issued to unemployed youth for setting up deck beds on the beach. Shacks will be set up beyond High Tide Line in government or private properties adjoining the beach to free the beach from illegal encroachments.No shacks and deck beds will be allowed at the Baga end of the beach as the beach has become narrow due to massive soil erosion. The government will set up flying squads with powers to demolish illegal shacks and deck beds and to impose penalties including cancellation of license for the rest of the season.Shack owners will be directed to display a license board in front of the shack with details of the permissions granted to the shack. No water sports zone will be demarcated at the main entry points of the beach. Sign boards at the water sports zone will display rates charged by the operators for the various activities.Number of water sports boats will be reduced and the license issued by the Captain of Ports will make it clear that the operators shall follow regulations regarding safety of people and tourists engaging in the activities.Besides these, the Department has also decided to ensure certain steps for the remainder of the tourism season 2011-12. Water sports operators will set up booths at each of the demarcate zones to receive payments from tourists for the activities. Tourist Police will be directed to ensure that operators do not ply their boats in the bathing zone.Sign boards will be erected below the red and yellow flags to indicate safe bathing zones monitored by a life guard. The minutes were submitted during the hearing of an application filed by one J W D Souza complaining that the shack owners blatantly defy restrictions imposed by Department of Tourism (DoT) while allowing permission to put up their shacks. He has pointed out that the beach is cluttered with deck beds and beach umbrellas, in excess of what is permitted to them.On December 15, 2011, the high court had directed the DoT to remove the illegal shacks and excess deck beds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12974886", "title": "Sakala scheme, a success story", "text": "MYSORE: A senior officer in the district administration sitting at his office on Wednesday was keeping track of the applications filed by the public seeking various certificates to avail benefits from the state and Central governments. The real-time update of the information of the services was tracked in a nick of time, thanks to the Sakala scheme initiated by the government.Since it was a public holiday on Tuesday, the number of applications has gone up today, he said.\"Given that 24 services of the revenue department have been brought under the Sakala scheme, the applications filed before the revenue authorities are more. Now, other than handling applications, we can also keep tabs on officials, especially at the lower-level. Tracking of the applications has become easy and we can ensure accountability. That is the biggest advantage,\" he told TOI.According to the officer, earlier the applications were not attended by officials for weeks.\"In such cases, the official concerned was asked to explain, but the lapse was not considered seriously as there was little accountability. It is not the case anymore. Time bound delivery of services is the core and it is working,\" he said.Within a month after the government implemented the scheme, the revenue department has received 22,126 applications of which 16,143 have been disposed of within the timeframe assigned. The revenue department has achieved 73 per cent disposal rate and none of the applications have been kept pending.According to him, more than urbanites, villagers are utilizing the facility. Applications seeking caste certificate, income certificate and residential certificate top the list.The women and child welfare department has achieved 100 per cent disposal rate while the cops are at the bottom with 31 per cent. The officials have received 51,833 applications of which 36,650 are disposed of within the deadline.The commercial taxes department has received the second highest number of applications (11,011), followed by transport department (10,118) and home department (4,378). Sources said none of the officials have been asked for pay compensation for the delay in service.There could be a few cases where the official concerned has not met the deadline. The applicant has to seek compensation from the official and approach the competent authority. There are no such cases, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973127", "title": "BEML society gave outsiders sites dirt cheap", "text": "BANGALORE: Whistleblowers have alleged the BEML Employees' Co-operative Society allotted sites to nearly 400 outsiders, most of them in a colony developed in Rajarajeshwari Nagar, at throwaway prices.The whistleblowers have released the names of 32 of the alleged 400 outsiders.Two management nominees on the society's board of directors, too, took up the issue with the society. A copy of the communique from the management nominees to the society is with TOI.Almost admitting allotments were made to outsiders, society president N Munnakappa said all were associate members of the society, making them eligible. The allotments were in line with government regulations, he maintained.He, however, said reports of 400 outsiders being given sites were baseless.In a July 2008 communique addressed to the society president, management nominees BRS Reddy and S Venkatesan, said: \"It is noticed that sites belonging to the society have been sold to outsiders and non-BEML employees by misusing and abusing authority and without prior intimation/approval of the managing committee. We have information that the rates at which the sites have been sold are far less than the prevailing market rates. It is suggested that a sub-committee consisting of two directors and an independent chartered accountant be formed to go into the details...\".Independently, whistleblowers have produced a list containing the same 32 names, a copy of which is with TOI.TOI broke the story that top PSU officials were illegally allotted sites at throwaway prices by the co-operative society of BEML, whose supply of Tatra tru8cks to the Army is mired in controversy.Society president N Munnakkappa told TOI: \"That issue is closed now. The management nominees had sought an explanation, which was given. We stated that only BEML employees with badge numbers were given sites in accordance with government orders, and no outsiders were given sites.\"When TOI asked how non-BEML members got sites, Munnakkappa contradicted himself and said: \"It means sites were given to associate members. Regulations made in 2002, 2008 and 2010 allow for associate membership of the society. They need not always be employees of BEML. Hence the society gave the sites in line with these regulations.\"Asked who these were, he said: \"One class of outsiders comprises landlords who parted with their agricultural land... for sites and layout. How can we not make them associate members when we have asked them for land for formation of sites and layout? How can we also not give back sites to them in return for the land they have given the society? Sometimes there are landlords who don't want the sites in their names, but in the names of some of their relatives. That explains why sometimes sites would not be in the name of associate members themselves, in this case landlords, but in a third person's name nominated by them. There are other classes of associate members who are outsiders. I am not sure who they are, but they are all associate members.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12974049", "title": "Anti-Sikh riots case: US court to hear arguments on May 9", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as a US federal court has set the case for entry of default judgment against Congress (I) on 1984 anti-Sikh riots for oral arguments for May 9, a human rights group, which had filed the petition, has alleged that employees of the Indian consulate in the United States regularly attend the court hearings of Sikh genocide and have been directing attorneys for Kamal Nath and Congress (I).Judge Robert W Sweet of the US federal court is presiding the case in which the Congress party through its attorney had strongly opposed entry of default judgment. Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, legal advisor to Sikhs For Justice, which had filed the case, alleged that top officials of India in US were directly involved in defending the Congress party in the case. SFJ has even alleged that funds from public exchequer were also being used for the purpose apart from misusing the official machinery for benefit of the party.He informed that an RTI application has been filed through SFJ's advocates in India to find out who and how the law firm of 'Jones Day', which is defending Congress (I) before the federal court in US in the ongoing trial, is being paid.On May 9, the plaintiffs would ask the court that default judgment should be entered against Congress and case should be set for trial to determine the amount of punitive and compensatory damages to be awarded to the victims.While replying to the Congress (I)'s opposition to entry of default judgment, Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) argued before the court that the default judgment should be entered against Congress (I) for conspiring, aiding, abetting, organizing and carrying out attacks on Sikh population of India in November 1984.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974216", "title": "80000 lawyers abstain from work across state", "text": "PATNA: Over 80,000 lawyers across the state abstained from court work on Wednesday. The Bihar State Bar Council had given the call to join the protest against the arrest of a lawyer of Samastipur, Anil Kumar Singh. He was arrested on April 19 on the charge of accepting 'bribe' of Rs 30 from an old woman for writing an application/representation for her which, the lawyer claimed, was a fee for the work.The Samastipur lawyers have been abstaining from court work since April 20. The deadlock continued on Wednesday as the deputy development commissioner (DDC) of Samastipur, Deepak Anand, did not turn up in the chamber of Samastipur district judge, who had called him to make his stand in the case clear. The Patna high court had directed the district judge to resolve the matter.Bihar State Bar Council (BSBC) chairman Baleshwar Prasad Sharma said Samastipur DM, on phone to the district judge, had expressed his regret over the issue. But due to the negative response of the DDC, the local lawyers have refused to resume their work from May 3, he added.Sharma said an eight-member bar council team visited Samastipur on Wednesday to resolve the matter. On return, it would submit its report to him.The BSBC had passed a resolution on April 29 demanding transfer of the Samastipur DM and DDC over the issue. It had also demanded a judicial inquiry into the matter following which the Patna HC had directed Samastipur district judge to resolve the matter.According to Sharma, the lawyers at Patna HC as well as the civil and executive courts, Central Administrative Tribunal and industrial and labour courts abstained from work on Wednesday.The lawyers came to their respective seats at the high court and civil court here but did not attend to court works.Sharma said the bar council had communicated to the chief secretary to intervene in the matter.He said a letter was also posted to the chief secretary on Wednesday.He said the members of Bar Association of Bikramganj have been abstaining court work in protest against the removal of the seating arrangements of about 50 advocates on the court premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "12975121", "title": "Gas leak in Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertiliser Company, five staffers affected", "text": "BHARUCH: Five people were hospitalized after a gas leak in Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertiliser Company's (GNFC) toluene diisocyanate plant on Wednesday.Of the five, three have been declared seriously ill by the authorities who visited the hospital.The incident occurred around 12.20 pm when more than 100 staffers were working in the unit (NCPL) Narmada Chematur Petrochemicals Ltd, which had merged with GNFC. Leaking phosgene gas engulfed the plant area first and then spread to an entire place.Following the incident, a team from the district administration rushed to the unit for investigation. Sources in the team informed TOI that senior officers intimidated senior employees of GNFC for not informing the district authorities about the incident.GNFC management refused to talk anything about the incident. Members of GNFC employees' union shouted slogans against the company management and blamed them for not keeping proper safety measures in the hazardous plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12972491", "title": "Crackdown on cars parked illegally at Metro stations", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida traffic police have launched an intensive drive against vehicles parked illegally at Metro stations in the city.Police, besides cracking down on vehicles, have decided to remove all encroachments along the Metro route in Noida in order to smoothen traffic flow in the area.Traffic police officials explained that the Metro line runs in the city along the arterial Dadri-Surajpur-Chalera Marg that connects Delhi with Noida, Greater Noida and Ghaziabad. \"The road is essential and almost one lakh vehicles pass through it on a daily basis. As a result, any encroachment on the road results in a traffic jam for hours. Encroachment near the Metro stations results in a sudden narrowing on the road and the resulting bottleneck has a huge impact on the traffic flow on a daily basis,\" said Saifuddin Beg, chief traffic inspector, Noida.The Noida traffic police will target illegally parked private vehicles near the metro station alongside tempos, auto-rickshaws and cycle-rickshaws that converge near the Metro stations to pick up commuters, said officials. In the first phase of the drive, the traffic police will also be removing encroachment by vendors alongside the Metro stations.In the first phase of this drive, officials said that they are targeting the Sector 18 and Botanical Garden Metro stations which see the maximum number of footfalls during rush hour in the city. \"The two Metro stations see the maximum number of commuters travelling between Delhi and Noida for work and, as a result, the encroachment is also the most on these two traffic routes. Also both Metro stations are at vital points in the city and any traffic jam on these two routes has an impact on the overall traffic condition,\" added Beg.Initially, the traffic police will target the Botanical Garden Metro station in the morning and the Sector 18 station during the evening. The first phase of the drive will last for a week after which it will be continuously conducted alongside other Metro routes in order to clean up the traffic condition.\"It's an ongoing process and our drive will constantly adapt if we see that there other issues that also need to be addressed,\" said Beg.In the first two days of the drive, 38 challans were issued by the traffic police, 59 vehicles were towed away and the fines paid by offenders amounted to Rs 17,700.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12971834", "title": "Five injured in expressway mishap", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five persons suffered injuries when a speeding cab rammed into two other vehicles on the PVNR expressway on Wednesday afternoon.According to police, the mishap occurred at around 12.30pm when a Tata Indica, belonging to Green Cabs and heading to the city from Shamshabad's Rajiv Gandhi International Airport, rammed into another Indica which was in front of it, near pillar number 114, at Aramgarh, on the 11-kilometre long expressway.Due to the high-speed collision, the vehicle in front (AP 29 TV 0627) spun out of control and came to rest on its side while the cab swerved to its right and hit the left side of an oncoming Mahindra Verito vehicle belonging to Sky Cabs.Police said that Green Cab driver Manyam and Behra, his passenger and a CISF sub-inspector, sustained injuries in the incident.Also injured was John, the driver of the other Indica, and his passengers, Srinivasa Raju and Chandrasekhar.The injured were rushed to a private hospital. Sky Cab driver Zaheer escaped unhurt. \"The condition of the injured is out of danger. Based on the complaint lodged by drivers of other cars, a case has been booked against Green Cab driver Manyam under section 337 of the IPC,\" said Langer Houz sub-inspector P Mahesh Goud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "machilipatnam", "code": "12971632", "title": "Another TDP leader leaves party red-faced", "text": "MACHILIPATNAM: Notwithstanding the Vallabhaneni Vamsi controversy, senior TDP leader and Gudivada legislator Kodali Sri Venkateswara Rao alias Nani once again put the party in a spot when he attended chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy's meeting on Wednesday. Sources said that Nani is a close friend of Vamsi's and could have chosen to embarrass the party leadership by attending the CM's meeting.Another TDP leader, MP Konakalla Narayana Rao, was present at the CM's meeting but was attending in his capacity as local MP. The presence of Nani though has raised a few eyebrows.He was closeted with district minister Pardha Saradhi at the R&B; guesthouse and was with the Congress leaders till the chief minister's departure from Machilipatnam. He sat on the dais at the public meeting held on Hindu College grounds along with the chief minister and was there for the entire programme. Sources said that Nani attended the meeting only to embarrass the party leadership for having targeted Vamsi.Meanwhile, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu is said to have refused to meet Vamsi on Thursday. Angered by Vamsi's overtures to Jaganmohan Reddy, Naidu has asked Krishna district party in-charge Gorantla Buchaiah Chowdary to seek an explanation from Vamsi.\"It is intolerable that Vamsi told the media that he spoke to me and that I would myself explain the future course of action. In fact, he did not even call me since the showcause notice was issued to him. There is no point in meeting him now. Let him reply to the showcause notice,\" Naidu told Chowdary.Sources said that Vamsi's removal from the party post as well as from the primary membership is likely to be effected in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974048", "title": "Vested interest in storing wheat in the open: Sunil Jakhar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The opposition Congress in Punjab has cried foul against the SAD-BJP government, for refusing to take blame for failure to save foodgrains from rotting and blame the Centre instead. Leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar has accused the state government officials of having \"vested interests\" in storing wheat in the open.Jakhar has called the government's \"bluff\" by pointing out how it failed to take over 12.5 lakh MT capacity covered storage space, ready for all purposes, out of sheer indifference. The Food Corporation of India had a sanctioned capacity of 51 lakh MT of scientific storage in covered godowns for Punjab under its scheme PEG-2008. Under this scheme, were floated by state-appointed nodal agency 'Pungrain', wherein it (Pungrain) just had to act as a facilitator between a private entrepreneur and FCI, which has to store its stock and bear all costs.\"It is shocking that whereas a capacity of 12.5 lakh MT of this covered storage is already ready in state and FCI had approved its takeover, the state government authorities remain unmoved and are placing fresh wheat stock arrivals in open plinths,\" said Jakhar. \"These godowns can store stocks worth Rs 1,800 crores, an amount that immediately gets released to the state government by FCI once wheat is stored inside godowns. But it seems, the state government officers have vested interest in storing wheat in the open,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "12974899", "title": "Rayat and Bahra College of Education holds convocation", "text": "MOHALI: Two hundred and thirty-one students of Rayat and Bahra College of Education received degrees of Bachelor of Education and Masters of Education on its fourth annual convocation on Wednesday at its Mohali campus.Rayat Bahra College of Education principal Indu Rihani presented the annual report and students were awarded prizes for their academic achievements. These included B Ed. students, Manmeet Kaur Reen for standing first in college, Roselina Bhullar and Swati Sood, second in college and Jaspreet Kaur, third in college and MEd students - Anu Bala, second in Punjabi University, Patiala and first in college, Manju Bala, second in college and Amitasha Jaura, who stood third in college.MEd topper of college Anu Bala, BEd toppers Manmeet Kaur Reen and Roselina Bhuller were awarded by the Federation of Self-financed colleges, Punjab. BEd and MEd students won two gold, six silver and two bronze medals in second inter-college athletics championship of BEd Colleges of Punjabi University, Patiala 2010-11.Winners of the second inter college athletics championship of BEd Colleges of Punjabi University, Patiala, were also honoured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972341", "title": "'Extortionist' MBA used job portal to net victim", "text": "MUMBAI: An MBA, who posed as a member of Ravi Pujari gang to extort money, used a job portal to find his 'target'. Vinod Raghuvanshi had asked the victim, who heads the HR department of a well-known cellphone company, to pay Rs 10 lakh or face dire consequences.Raghuvanshi (31) zeroed in on the victim after stumbling upon his profile mentioning his annual income as Rs 1.5 crore on the job portal. According to sources in the anti-extortion cell, Raghuvanshi, who originally hails from Faizabad in Uttar Pradesh, is net savvy. \"He studied in Kolkata and did his MBA there. Later, he did a one-year diploma in software engineering. He moved to Mumbai five years ago and was married for a couple of years before separating from his wife. At the time of his arrest, Raghuvanshi was staying in Sector 1, Airoli,\" said an officer.After the victim lodged a complaint, the police traced the cellphone used to make the threat calls to Airoli. Investigators received the cellphone's call data record (CDR) on Sunday.A team led by inspector Nitin Alaknur and assistant inspector Sanjeev Dhumal reached Raghuvanshi's office-cum-residence in Airoli and arrested him.\"The SIM used by Raghuvanshi was obtained on fake documents from Mira Road. We are planning to are waiting for further report before wesummon the SIM card distributor,\" said an officer. \"Raghuvanshi ran had starteda web designing company and provided service to clientsfor over 18 months. He suffered losses and was forced to fold up his operation as his clients had either made part payment or asked him to wait. Frustrated, he planned to extort money,\" said the officer.For this, Raghuvanshi, selected a job portal where many people put their profile and sometimes also mention their current salary. After zeroing in on his target, Raghuvanshi began making phone calls posing as 'Bade', a member of Ravi Pujari gang and threatened the victim with dire consequences if he did not pay Rs 10 lakh, an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai/new delhi", "code": "12973788", "title": "Tamil Nadu IPS officer held in Delhi for Paazee scam", "text": "CHENNAI/NEW DELHI: The CBI on Wednesday arrested a top IPS officer of the Tamil Nadu cadre, Pramod Kumar, from Delhi's Panchsheel Enclave for allegedly conspiring to get a bribe of Rs 10 crore from a private firm accused of duping the public of over Rs 800 crore.Inspector general of police Pramod Kumar, 46, is a 1989-batch IPS officer. He will be produced before a designated court in Chennai on Thursday and sent to Puzhal prison. The officer has been on the run for the past several months, said a CBI officer, adding that Paazee Forex Trading Co in Tirupur had allegedly duped investors to the tune of Rs 829 crore.Earlier, CBI teams raided his apartment at the SAF Games Village in Koyambedu on March 22. Subsequently, police teams searched his house twice in connection with the Paazee case. The officer wasn't home when the CBI raided it.\"I am innocent. I am seeking pardon from God. I have done nothing wrong. I was informed about the raid at my house. I came to Delhi on official duty,\" Kumar told TOI.CBI sources said they had taken away bundles of documents from his house after the raid lasting three hours. Senior CBI officials, however, refused to share any information.The seized material will be scrutinized before being submitted to the court. If we need any clarification in connection with the seized material, we will ask Pramod Kumar,\" aCBI officer said.Pramod Kumar was IGP when the scam surfaced in 2008. According to police, K Kathiravan, a reporter with a Tamil daily in Tirupur, and his son, K Mohanraj, started the forex company in the hosiery town of Tirupur in Tamil Nadu in 2008.Soon, Chennai-based A Kamalavalli joined as managing director of the firm. With agents appointed all over Tamil Nadu, the company collected nearly Rs 111 crore from depositors. Agents got 15% commission on every deposit while 10% commission went to the depositor.In 2010, CID sleuths arrested those involved in the case. During questioning, the economic offences wing registered 10,332 cases against the Paazee Company for cheating Rs 211 crores of depositors. A few depositors approached the Madras high court seeking CBI inquiry, which was ordered last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12975016", "title": "Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation to launch aerospace park", "text": "CHENNAI: After having established itself as a preferred destination for automobile manufacturers, Chennai is now dreaming big on ushering in the aerospace industry.The Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation (Tidco ) is planning to establish an integrated aerospace park to support the development of aerospace industry covering design, engineering, manufacturing , servicing and maintenance of aircraft in the state. \"The government has planned to set up a maintenance, repair and operations facility on 50 acres near the Chennai airport. The land has been identified. It has also been proposed to develop a components manufacturing park for the aerospace industry on 300 acres in Sriperumbudur , for which the land is being acquired by SIPCOT,\" said the latest policy note of the industry department, which was tabled in the assembly on Wednesday.Even though a similar initiative was proposed in the 20011-12 policy note, it didn't work out due to lack of action from the government. However , with the new proposal the government has revived its hope of developing the aerospace sector with the cooperation of private sector.Already, companies like Lucas TVS, Auto Tech Industries, Rane Group and Sundaram Fasteners have showed interest in marketing aerospace components.Business heads welcomed the proposal. \"It's a great step. We hope it will enhance the image of Chennai which has been witnessing a lot of industrial activities of late. Last time, even though there was a similar initiative, it didn't materialise due to some political reasons. But I hope there won't be any hurdles,\" said K S Jeyaraman, managing director, Auto Tech Industries, Chennai.Industrial sources said the initiative will also create jobs in the state. The Confederation of Indian Industry has estimated that the aerospace sector will employ at least one lakh people. \"Since Tamil Nadu has a good engineers base, it's easy to get skilled hands. If that is the case, aerospace sector will also help find a solution to the unemployment in the state,\" said an industry source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972267", "title": "All India Engineering Entrance Exam offers a second chance with online version", "text": "NAGPUR: If for some reason you were unable to make it to your All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) offline centre on April 29, here comes a second chance.The CBSE, the body which conducts the exam, has decided to allow anyone who was absent on that day to appear in the online version scheduled to start from next week. The online test will be held only for the B.E/B.Tech courses, as the B Arch subject test was available only in the offline mode.The online exam will be held twice daily and on multiple days, so candidates who want to appear for the exam will now have to register online at www.aieee.nic.in before May 5. Though the first online test will be held on May 7, the absentee candidates will not be able to choose that date option. Candidates can choose any one date from May 12, 19 and 26 but the CBSE will allot one based on availability.Nagpur is a totally online centre for AIEEE but an overwhelming majority of candidates from the region had opted for the offline version. In Amravati, which was the nearest offline centre, almost 21,000 candidates appeared for the exam.Across the country 10 lakh students had opted for the offline version while another 1.64 lakh chose the online version. When TOI spoke to CBSE officials they were unable to provide the exact number of absentees in the offline test. The central board has clarified that even after the applications from absentees are received, the details will be verified to ensure that no one is misusing the second chance being offered.In Nagpur, preparations for the online exams are well underway but the number of centres and student enrolment figures are not being divulged. TOI tried to contact Beena Gokhale, who is the facilitator for Nagpur, but she did not respond to our calls or SMS.Navneet Singh Tuli, who heads Guru Nanak Group of Institutions, said, \"From the information I have, it seems about 7,000 students will be appearing for the online tests. My two online centres will have a capacity of 1200 students alone and all the preparations have been made.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12971941", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee or Hamid Ansari set to be President", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Congress nominee, either finance minister Pranab Mukherjee or Vice-President Hamid Ansari, seems set to be elected President, with all indications suggesting that the BJP-led opposition may not be able to put up a credible fight in the polls to determine who should replace Pratibha Patil.Although BJP scrambled to contain the damage from the \"unilateral\" declaration to oppose any Congress candidate and party chief Nitin Gadkari announced that he would soon call a meeting of the NDA to hash out a common posture, the opposition appears to have lost the initiative to Congress.For one, there were doubts that Gadkari's fence mending endeavour would appease the anger of JD(U) which on Tuesday had reacted angrily to Sushma Swaraj's statement virtually declaring that it would now act independently of the BJP.JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav said on Wednesday that the party would prefer widest possible consensus on the next President: a position contrary to the \"no Congress nominee, please\" that Swaraj articulated on Monday.The reaction from JD(U)'s powerhouse of Bihar was even strident, with indications suggesting that CM Nitish Kumar could very well tilt towards Ansari even if BJP sticks to its position not to support a Congress candidate.There was another happy augury for Congress. Samajwadi Party on Wednesday rubbished suggestions that it had decided to field its own candidate. Both UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and senior party functionary Ram Gopal Yadav denied that the party had mulled names like chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi.Even more important, Ram Gopal said there was no possibility of Samajwadis coordinating, overtly or covertly, with the BJP over the presidential elections: a stance which deals a blow to the prospect of a grand anti-Congress alliance in the elections.Also, in contrast to BJP's ability to carry JD(U) along, Sonia Gandhi has handled her coalition business very well. Of the big UPA partners, DMK and NCP are already on board. Mamata Banerjee, who is supposed to meet the Congress chief over the next couple of days, is keeping her cards close to her chest. However, Nitish Kumar being favourably disposed towards a Congress candidate and SP's refusal to join moves to thwart a Sonia choice shrinks her maneuver space.Factor in Left's public declaration that it is open to supporting the candidature of both Mukherjee and Ansari and Congress's success begins to appear almost certain.An anti-Congress combination which does not include SP, Trinamool and at least one more important regional player can not prevail in a contest even if BJP manages to knock together all others into a grouping.Indeed, considering the despair in party circles in the aftermath of the UP rout in March and the fillip it gave to the prospect of SP and Trinamool becoming the rallying point for moves to harry Congress, the party seems to be having a rather smooth run.However, what seems to be taking away from the quiet satisfaction among Congress managers is the fact that its trot towards the podium is also bringing the party face to face with some nettlesome questions which it would have wished to avoid. To begin with, choosing between Mukherjee and Ansari will be a tough proposition; largely because tied in is the complex issue of what do you do with the veteran finance minister.Ansari is a safe choice for an array of reasons; including the fact that he is more suitable to those who see the coming presidential polls as an opportunity to flag their concern for minorities. Left, which sponsored his candidature for vice-president five years ago, will not shrink this time either, even if it has to vote alongside Trinamool. He can be trusted to safeguard Congress's interests.Mukherjee cannot help others burnish their \"secular\" credentials. Still, he enjoys even higher acceptability across the political spectrum. Neither SP nor Left is expected to frown at his name. Nitish Kumar on Tuesday put on record his admiration for Congress's warhorse. In fact, if anyone can hope to emerge as the consensus choice in the bitterly fractious political class, it is him, although this may not necessarily be seen as an asset by all in Congress.Ansari' s elevation is sure to leave Mukherjee, who was proposed for the post by the Left five years ago but was not spared by Congress, dejected. Having been passed over for prime ministership, the finance minister may not wish to soldier on just as an \"equal\" any more. He has indicated that he may not contest the 2014 polls, and copious praise for his troubleshooting capabilities or cruciality for UPA may not mollify him any more.Although this is recognized by his colleagues, they are hobbled by the competing concern: that the departure of the wise man for Rashtrapati Bhawan will render the government, already reeling from acute political deficit, even more hamstrung in the lead-up to the 2014 Lok Sabha polls. This has been an old worry, but has acquired more serious proportion because of the growing feeling in Congress that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh could be showing signs of fatigue.Singh has tried to remain engaged with Sonia's project, but has failed to scotch the perception that two tenures may have begun to sap his energy. Many in government acknowledge that the absence of Mukherjee may compound matters.The challenge of reconciling the objectives is real, but Congress may find it difficult to put off some of the hard choices any more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972785", "title": "Forces intensify anti-Naxal drive in Gadchiroli", "text": "NAGPUR: The security forces are now planning a come back in the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli which is in the grip of fear unleashed by the red guerrillas who have strategically stepped up the violence targeting government machinery and civilians alike.The police and central paramilitary forces are now intensifying their anti-Naxal drive, comprising intelligence-based cordon searches in areas where Naxals have made bases among the tribals across the district. The special drive started just a week back. The forces have already rounded up a dozen suspects and others from different villages in the district whose names featured in their records prepared on the basis of the intelligence reports. The drive has been designed to undermine Naxal bases among villagers.Maharashtra home minister RR Patil, who is also guardian minister for Gadchiroli, had asked security forces not to tolerate a section of civilians extending moral and logistics support to Naxalites. He was present in the district to celebrate Maharashtra's foundation day on May 1. Patil had come amid escalated violence in the district where Naxals were forcing elected representatives of local bodies to vacate their posts.The Naxal sympathizers, sangam members, jan militia cadres, Gram Rakshak Dals (GRD) and Area Rakshak Dals (ARD) are now the focus of the drive undertaken to weaken the Naxal links with the villages. The rebels often plan their attacks with the help of such elements.Superintendent of police, Gadchiroli, S Vireesh Prabhu said that two suspects were recently rounded up but later released. \"We had brought two tribals on suspicion as their names featured in our intelligence records. They were released after it came to fore that the duo had deserted the movement four-and-half years ago and got settled after marrying without any record of offence,\" said Prabhu. He did not disclose the names of the suspect. \"The entire gamut of forces from various units present here have been pressed into action,\" he said.While the forces have been trying reclaim the ground, Naxal fear also continues in southern parts of the district. After Bhamragarh's elected representatives, it is learnt that Etapalli counterparts too are wanting to follow Naxal diktat to resign from their posts.Etapalli taluka president of Congress Sanjay Charduke is learnt to have already submitted his resignation. Around four zilla parishad and eight panchayat samiti members have already made up their mind to quit in the wake of Naxal threat, it is learnt. These members were elected in February. Though guardian minister Patil, who is from Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), had said that resignations furnished under Naxal threat would not be accepted, four of his colleagues from panchayat samiti and one from ZP are set to offer their resignations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "12975113", "title": "State government defends action against Congress MP", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Sharply defending police action against Congress MP Prabha Taviad in Dahod, where chief minister Narendra Modi was presiding over Gujarat Day celebrations on Tuesday, Cabinet spokesperson and senior minister Jay Narayan Vyas has said the MP's behaviour was \"violent and aggressive\" and she \"never intended to make any presentation before the chief minister, as claimed by her\".Talking with newspersons on Wednesday soon after Opposition leader in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj assured the House that she would talk to Narendra Modi on why the police acted against the Congress MP, Vyas said, \"It seems that the MP was disturbed as she, her family and the institute she runs are involved in a land-related case. This could be the reason why she became so ferocious. The police only took administrative action against her.\"Contrary to Taviad's statement in the Lok Sabha, where she said she was assaulted by the state police, Vyas claimed, \"It is she who became violent, hitting and dragging by hair the lady constable present on the occasion... She had to be taken away.\"Admitting that she may have been slightly injured in the process, Vyas said, \"This naturally happens when you involve yourself in a scuffle. As she wanted to go to Delhi, she took medical certificate from Vadodara Sayajirao General Hospital.\" He added, \"The law will take its own course on matter.\"Vyas also claimed, \"The district collector had definite information that she was going to disturb the Gujarat Day celebrations, hence she was denied. Had she wanted to represent to the CM, she could have approached him in Gandhinagar , where he meets MPs and MLAs every Tuesday. Even the district collector asked her to hand over the representation, which she did not have.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973505", "title": "Scholarships worth Rs 400cr for OBC students", "text": "BHOPAL: Post-matric scholarships worth Rs 400 crore will be distributed to 35 lakh students belonging to backward classes in the present fiscal year. A press release said, the state government has made a provision of Rs. 96.57 crore for the state scholarships in the budget for the current year.Similarly, Rs 306 crore will be spent on post-matric scholarships. Post-matric scholarship is given away to the backward class students of class XI, XII, graduation, post-graduation, technical and professional courses. The number of students under the state scholarship scheme has increased by one lakh this year as compared to the last year, the release added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973819", "title": "Parrikar to consult high court on Lokayukta", "text": "PANAJI: State government will consult the Bombay high court while appointing a Lokayukta in the state, said chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday. The Lokayukta Bill has been sent to Delhi for presidential assent.Parrikar told mediapersons that he will follow transparent processes while appointing the Lokayukta. \"We will ask the high court to suggest names of judges whom the government can appoint as Lokayukta of Goa,\" he added. He also said that he is trying to push the Lokayukta appointment so that corruption cases are handed over to the institution.He said that transparency starts with the appointment and therefore, the government has advertised for the post of state information commissioner.\"The government has formed a committee headed by the chief secretary to scrutinize the applications for the post. This committee will select the three best candidates and they will give it to a three-member committee to be finalized,\" said Parrikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12975170", "title": "Passing of IIT-status bill raises hopes at Banaras Hindu University", "text": "VARANASI: The mood at the BHU campus was quite upbeat on Wednesday, given the recent passing of bill for according the institute the status of an IIT. The students, faculty and officials of Banaras Hindu University - one of the oldest engineering institues in the country - hailed the decision taken in the Rajya Sabha on April 30.As per Prof J N Sinha, director, IT-BHU, the passing of the bill means the institute would not only attract bright students, but also get more funds for infrastructure development on the campus - once BHU gets IIT status. The research activities in the institute are also bound to get a boost.\"Our students get admission only through All India level IIT-JEE entrance exam (since 1972) which selects high-caliber students from all over the country. However, they do not get an IIT degree. This is a disadvantage during placement or if the student opts for higher studies,\" Sinha said.To note, though the admissions in B Tech courses at IT-BHU are done as per merit index of IIT-JEE (joint entrance examination for IIT), the institute does not attract the high-scoring students from IIT-JEE, who prefer to join other IITs in the country. The institute with an availability of 708 seats in 2007 has also witnessed the total number of seats increasing to 1,090 after implementation of 27 per cent reservation under the OBC quota.\"A number of top-notch global companies shy away from the institute during campus placements, but the scenario would change, once the institute gets IIT status. The students would be given higher packages and it would also bolster the research activities,\" said Ankit Garg, a B Tech (fourth year) student.P K Mishra, senior faculty in department of Chemical Engineering, IT-BHU, said after the status conversion, the inflow of funds would enable better standards in laboratory practical and other project work/ research.More research fellowships would be available for scholars providing more avenues to excel, he added.Notably, the grant of status would also put an end to deferment of degrees of students who have passed out in the last two years (2010 and 2011). The students had voluntarily refrained from accepting degrees of IT-BHU during the last two convocations at the institute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978204", "title": "On Baisakhi", "text": "On Baisakhi, PIFAA announces that Toronto, Ontario, Canada, will host the 2012 Inaugural awards in August !The very first Punjabi international film awards are to be held in Toronto. With IIFA and now PIFAA, Toronto can certainly boast to be the choice of thousands of South Asians who not only call this great city their home, but are honoured and humbled by this announcement. The veteran actor Dharmendraji, who also happens to be the ambassador for this event, came smiling to the podium accompanied by another veteran actor Om Purl to make this announcement. These famous actors spoke in earnest of the importance of cinema as a medium to enrich, educate and connect people from all over the world. \"Punjabi films have captured the essence of home with movies like Chan Paradesi and many others.\" Said Om Puri.The Punjabi diaspora and even non Punjabis, can enjoy and understand with subtitles, the films which showcase the fabric of the Punjabi society with it's lush land and heritage. Films that entertain and address social causes are the ones that are popular with foreign audiences. They get even a greater response back home where thousands can relate to them.\"Punjabis are hard working, hospitable, adventurous, big hearted and not afraid of taking risks.\" said Dharmendraji .\"There is no field where they do not make their mark, cinema just being one of them.\" Said he. And boy do they excel ! From Bollywood to Hollywood and even regional movies, our humongous appetite knows no bounds when it comes to cinematic entertainment Let me guess.. hmmm.. you just go for the buttery popcorn and coke!The magnanimous Dharamji even thanked Canada for \"accepting immigrants and being like a mother to them.\" Indeed very apt and touching. He said that media was very sacred to him since it made him what he is today. Even today he feels the need for the media. He spoke of Punjabis ability to never give up but to stay , fight and persevere!They may be great actors but their humility and humbleness was not an act. Their genuine desire to promote the Punjabi films and PIFAA could be seen by all present. Om Puri was a thorough gentleman and even got up to give his seat to a female Ontarian. What a chivalrous guy!Ms Neeru Bajwa , a stunning Canadian born actress of Indian origin , also spoke of her experience as a Bollywood and Punjabi movie actress. She shared her passion for acting and the love for India and Canada. This fusion of cultures cements the friendship between the two nations. The power of cinema is beyond borders and beyond time. Our history, identity and unity in diversity is something India should be proud of.Ontario is home to a vast and diverse population .The GTA (Greater Toronto area) alone has over 700,000 South Asians, half of whom are Punjabis. PIFAA will be a wonderful opportunity to celebrate our culture, heritage and discover why YOU need to visit or remain in the most happening city during the August 3rd weekend.It is being launched to celebrate the history of the Punjabi films, the dominance of Punjabi people in Bollywood and the international popularity of Punjabi films. Who has not witnessed the vibrant Punjabi culture and been enthralled by the rhythm of Bhangra? What with the immense and captivating audiences of the Punjabi films we are bound to enjoy the weekend of August 3rd 2012. This inaugural weekend will see an influx of the world's best and brightest Punjabi cinema stars led by their brand ambassador Dharamji.Mr. Rajendra Saini of Pravasi media group felt the need for such a recognition and hence this humble and hardworking engineer turned journalist ,set out to make his dream of launching PIFAA a reality .The impact of the Punjabi cinema from India and places like Pakistan is significant and cannot be overlooked.This launch was attended by several dignitaries from media to ministers cementing the bond of friendship Canada has with India.The weekend comprises of several events across the Greater Toronto area from Brampton to Toronto. The awards will be held in the Air Canada Centre ,Toronto and ticket shall be sold for $ 49 ,$69 and $ 99.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12975226", "title": "Travel company employee held for swindling Rs 2.55cr", "text": "CHENNAI: A 35-year-old employee of a Chennai-based travel firm has been arrested on charges of embezzling Rs 2.55 crore from the company's account.Blessan Varghese (35), in charge of Akbar Travels' online division in Mumbai, failed to deposit the amount in the company's account over the past two months.After the fraud came to light during a recent audit, a team led by central crime branch (CCB) sub-inspector A Chellaiah nabbed Varghese near his office in Mumbai on April 30. He was produced before the additional metropolitan magistrate court in Mumbai and a transit warrant was obtained.\"We inspected his house in Mumbai and seized some documents pertaining to the case,\" sub-inspector Chellaiah said.He was brought to Chennai by train on Tuesday evening and remanded in Puzhal prison. He had been dismissed from the company immediately after the swindling was revealed.Police said Varghese collected money from a few travel agents in Mumbai for their bookings made through the online portal of Akbar Travels but didn't deposit the entire amount in the company's account. Only a small sum was deposited.As there was a huge decline in the online transaction for bookings, the company conducted an internal audit and found several fake transactions made between January 3 and February 27. The audit team calculated the pilfered amount to be Rs 2.55 crore.Subsequently, manager S Rajkumar of Akbar Travels India Private Limited in Nungambakkam lodged a formal complaint with police commissioner J K Tripathy. The complaint was forwarded to the CCB which investigated and nabbed Varghese.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973257", "title": "482 of 872 MiGs procured since 1966 have crashed: Antony", "text": "NEW DELHI: The MiG fighters may have performed a stellar role ever since their induction began in the early 1960s - with the MiG-21s even being the first supersonic jets to be flown by IAF pilots - but their high crash rate has seriously dented their track record over the years.This came through once again on Wednesday, when defence minister A K Antony told Rajya Sabha that 482 of the 872 Russian-origin MiGs procured since 1966 had crashed from 1971-72 onwards. \"A total of 171 pilots, 39 civilians, eight service personnel and one aircrew lost their lives in these accidents. The causes of accidents were both human error and technical defects,\" he said.The Indian MiG era, however, is not going to end anytime soon. While IAF has progressively phased out the older MiG-21 interceptors, ground attack MiG-23s and high-altitude strategic reconnaissance MiG-25s, it will be forced to fly the upgraded MiG-21 \"Bisons\" and medium-range strike MiG-27s till at least 2017 due to continuing depletion in the number of fighter squadrons.The over 60 MiG-29 air defence fighters will serve well into the next decade, undergoing as they are an extensive mid-life upgrade under a $ 964-million contract inked with Russia in March, 2008.With the MiGs still constituting around 50% of India's combat fleet, their whole-scale replacement at one go is neither technically nor financially possible. IAF is down to only 34 fighter squadrons (each with 14 to 18 jets), which will dip further to 31 during the 12th Plan (2012-17) to adversely impact the country's operational capabilities.It will only be by the end of the 14th Plan (2027) that the IAF will reach its desired level of 42 squadrons to effectively handle both the eastern and western fronts. The eventual aim of 45 squadrons, in turn, will be possible only by the end of the 15th Plan (2032).Plans, of course, are already in motion to ensure India's combat ratio in the years ahead revolves around the 270 Russian Sukhoi-30MKIs already being inducted for around $12 billion, the 126 new medium multi-role combat aircraft to be acquired in the almost $20-billion MMRCA project and the 250 to 300 fifth-generation fighters to be built with Russia in the gigantic $35 billion programme.India opted for the Soviet offer of MiG-21s after the US refused to sell its F-104 Starfighter decades ago. At that time, and subsequently as well, the MiGs proved to be a much cheaper option for the then cash-starved India. In the 1990s, for instance, it cost India around Rs 2 crore to manufacture one MiG-21, while the Mirage-2000 and Jaguars came for around Rs 50 crore apiece.But the highly-demanding, single-engine MiG-21s notched up a horrific crash record over the years. With several design limitations due to their 1960s and 1970s vintage, coupled with shoddy maintenance and poor quality control of spares, as well as inadequate training to rookie pilots, the MiG-21s even came to be known as the \"flying coffins\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12971905", "title": "Telangana Congress MPs to continue boycotting Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The eight Congress MPs from Telangana have categorically told Ghulam Nabi Azad , the AICC in-charge of Andhra Pradesh affairs, that they would not attend Parliament session till an announcement was made on the Telangana issue.The attempts of high command to pacify the MPs did not yield any result on Wednesday. Late in the night, the MPs told media that they would not attend the House as no concrete assurance was coming forth from the party or the UPA government.They said they would organise meetings in each parliamentary constituency to garner public support in their fight for a separate Telangana.The MPs, Madhu Yaski Goud, Manda Jagannatham, Ponnam Prabhakar, Gutha Sukhender Reddy, Komatireddy Rajagopal Reddy, S Rajaiah and G Vivekananda conveyed their decision to Azad at a meeting held on Wednesday night at the latter's residence. But, after a great deal of persuasion, the MPs relented to attend the House on the day of passing of the finance bill.The MPs, who were suspended last week for disrupting Lok Sabha proceedings over the Telangana issue have been boycotting the House ever since. But as many bills and other important issues are expected to come up before the House in the coming days, party president Sonia Gandhi first sent PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and Union minister Vayalar Ravi to persuade the MPs to attend the House.Stating that the government could not make any statement on the Telangana due to model poll code, Ravi urged the MPs to cooperate in the smooth passing of important bills in Parliament. Ravi told the MPs that the party was seized of the gravity of the situation in the region and there was no need to boycott the House. As the MPs did not relent, Azad convened a second round of meeting which was attended by both Ravi and Botsa. As Azad failed to give any assurance on Telangana, the MPs decided to continue their boycott of the Lok Sabha.Yaski rejected the suggestion of the MPs to resign from Lok Sabha to put pressure on the central government. Manda Jagannatham said that they were hopeful of an assurance on Telangana after by-polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "12975142", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation's advance tax income up", "text": "SURAT: Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has earned higher advance taxes this April too. As against the receipt of Rs 46.79 crore in April 2011, the civic body earned Rs 48.02 crore this April.The upward swing is attributed to the rebate of 10 per cent for the payment of advance taxes and 20 per cent to senior citizens. Nearly 1.25 taxpayers paid their advance tax in the month of April.SMC has targeted total collection of advance tax for the year at Rs 400 crore. The rebate scheme will continue in May and citizens will be entitled to 7 per cent rebate and senior citizens will be given 17 per cent rebate on payment of their advance taxes.More than 3,000 taxpayers also availed the benefit of online facility of payment that was started on April 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977978", "title": "'Carry on Jatta' all set to make you laugh", "text": "Gippy Grewal is all set to make you laugh out loud with his latest comedy film, 'Carry on Jatta'.Comedy kings of punjabi film industry Gurpreet Ghuggi and and Binnu Dhillon will surely add some twists to the scenes with their comic timings.He has already received a 'hats off' from the audience for 'Jihne Mera Dil Luteya' and that is definitely going to be an extra advantage for him in this film.'Carry on Jatta' is scheduled to release on 27th July worldwide.Source: punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12974638", "title": "Eden prepares to welcome Ganguly's warriors", "text": "KOLKATA: Hyderabad's back-to-back victories over Pune may have taken some fizz out of the much-anticipated clash between Dada's 'army' and Gauti's 'galacticos'; but there will be no dearth of support for Sourav Ganguly when Bengal's favourite son returns to his spiritual abode --- the Eden Gardens ---on Saturday.After a strong beginning which saw them humbling mighty Delhi at the Ferozeshah Kotla, perennial favourites Mumbai at the Wankhede and defending champions Chennai at the swanky Subrata Roy Sahara Stadium, Pune have gone off the boil, losing three in a row.In a topsy-turvy IPL-5, losing three successive matches wouldn't have been a big deal, but losing home and away matches to the bottomplaced Hyderabad, has hurt their chances of making the last-four stage. It leaves Sourav's Team Pune (8 points from 10 matches) with the onerous task of winning at least four of their remaining six games in order to keep their qualification hopes alive. Two of these are against wellplaced Kolkata (13 points from 10 matches), which means Pune will be under choking pressure on Saturday.On current form, Kolkata are expected to put it across Pune at the Eden Gardens, but with thousands of fanatic fans rooting for Sourav and his team, in and outside the stadium, the Shah Rukh Khan-owned franchise will be virtually under siege in its own backyard.All tickets for the Kolkata-Pune clash, billed as the 'Mother of all IPL clashes', have long been sold out and the 'asking rate' in the grey market continues to rise by the hour. From all available indications, there will be overwhelming support for Pune on the terraces at the Eden Gardens on Saturday primarily because of the man Kolkatans love and rever as their own.Ignored by the Kolkata franchise last season, Sourav's epic struggle to stage a comeback in the IPL mirrored Tom Hanks' battle for survival in the Hollywood blockbuster Cast Away. Never losing hope despite being marooned in the wilderness of IPL, his indomitable spirit triumphed over adversity. Kolkata's icon resurfaced at Pune towards the fag-end of last season. Ganguly was back in the same old business --- of proving his critics wrong.Years of toil were palpable on his battle-scarred face as TV cameras zoomed in to capture his unbridled celebration at the Kotla the other night after disturbing Kevin Pietersen's woodwork. TRPs went through the roof and social networking sites recorded unprecedented traffic as Dada turned his worst 'hair day' into his finest hour in IPL-5.The image of Sourav bolting across the turf, his arm raised in triumph, touched hearts of millions across the length and breadth of a country mired in financial scams and political chaos. But two poor outings against Hyderabad has sent the Pune skipper into an introspective mood. Questions are being asked of India's finest cricket captain, whose refusal to throw the ball to Steve Smith --- and Michael Clarke (on Tuesday) --- has baffled many. Questions are also being asked about Robin Uthappa's refusal to go for broke in the heat of a 187-run chase.The Pune skipper needs to come up with the answers --- first against Mumbai on Thursday --- before the point-proving exercise against Kolkata on Saturday. It is a big week for Pune and it's time for the 'Sky Blues' to leave their fancied opponents red-faced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "12974004", "title": "Centre's 'support' to Barelvis sparks furore", "text": "SRINAGAR: The Kashmir-based Karvan-e-Islam chairman Maulvi Ghulam Rasool Hami on Wednesday asked the Centre and the state government to remove the confusion created by media reports that state agencies were supporting the Barelvi group of Kashmiri Muslims financially, and by providing government officials who attend functions organized by Barelvis in the valley.Agreeing with media reports, Kashmir's leading cleric, Mirwaiz Umer Farooq warned government officials and the state information department against supporting a particular school of thought in Kashmir with government funding.\"What business does the state information department have in issuing press releases regarding functions at various shrines and tombs?\" he asked, adding that this created confusion among people, harmed society in the long run and caused sectarian strife.General secretary of Jamiat Ahle Hadith Abdul Rehman Bhat, who belongs to the Wahhabi school of thought, said there was no conflict between Wahhabis and Barelvis in Kashmir who are nearly 70% of the state's population. \"Nobody can impose thoughts over the other with violence or force. We don't believe in propagating or opposing any particular thought,\" Bhat said.Jamiat Ahle Hadith or Kashmiri Wahhabis have 700 mosques and 125 schools. Their overall number is close to 1.5 lakh. Ummat-iI-Islami president and the Mirwaiz of South Kashmir, Qazi Ahmad Yasir, said propagation of a particular school of thought is not tantamount to \"creating sectarian divide\".Syed Ali Shah Geelani, who refused to react to reports of Barelvi-Wahhabi divide, said he has called for a meeting of people of all schools of thought at his Hyderpora residence on Saturday. Interestingly, chairman of Karvan-e-Islam, Maulvi Hami, has called a press conference at his office on Thursday in Srinagar to clear his outfit's stand on the propagation of his school of thought. \"The reaction to such reports would come only after we meet and discuss the situation arising out of media reports,\" said Ayaz Akbar, speaking on behalf of Geelani.Director of information Farooq Ahmad Renzu, who is at the centre of the controversy, told TOI that faith in a religion is the personal affair of an individual. \"The state or the Centre has nothing to do with matters of faith. Let me also clarify that the state information department never ever issued press releases in favour of any sect,\" Renzu said, adding, \"I often visit shrines in my personal capacity and my department has nothing do with it.\"Peer Jalaluddin of Batmaloo, who is recuperating from assailants' attack at his home after he was discharged from hospital, is still unable to understand why he was struck. \"I am neither Barelvi nor Wahhabi. All I did was lead the life of a good Muslim without any motive,\" said Jalaluddin.\"Kashmir has never seen sectarian divide and I think it will never happen either. Even if some elements try to create confusion,\" Jalaluddin added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974396", "title": "Delhi Metro Rail Corporation appoints civil engineers for Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) on Wednesday announced the appointment of 23 civil engineers for the Kochi Metro rail project.The newly appointed engineers will include 16 junior engineers and seven assistant engineers.DMRC principal advisor E Sreedharan told the engineers to practise the four virtues - punctuality, integrity, professional competence and social responsibility or accountability. He advised them to follow honesty in professional conduct and transparency in work.In his inspiring speech to the engineers, Sreedharan also recalled his experience as a civil engineer when he worked in the Indian Railways, Konkan Railway and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation.DMRC project director P Sriram and other senior officers from DMRC also attended the function. The new recruits will undergo training at the training institute of DMRC in New Delhi for a month, from the first week of May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12974070", "title": "Pension issue: High court seeks reply from S P S Rathore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acting on a petition filed by the Union government seeking stay on the orders of Chandigarh Administrative Tribunal (CAT) restoring pension of former Haryana DGP S P S Rathore, Punjab and Haryana high court on Wednesday issued notice to Rathore seeking his response on the matter.The disgraced cop has been asked to file his reply on the petition by July 3, when the matter would come up for further hearing. The petition against the CAT orders has been filed by the ministry of home affairs (MHA). In its petition, the MHA has pleaded that Rathore has been convicted and sentenced by the trial court for molestation and his sentence has also been upheld by the high court, thus he deserved to be punished by withholding his pension benefits.It was in December 2011 when Chandigarh bench of the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) had ordered to restore his pension. Rathore's pension was withheld by MHA in June 2010, following his conviction in the Ruchika molestation case by a district court in Chandigarh. Rathore after conviction had approached CAT challenging the Centre's decision that the alleged act of misconduct has not resulted in pecuniary loss to the Centre or the state government.\"Pension of a person is not a bounty, it is a legal entitlement which can only be curtailed by an express provision of law and not otherwise,\" Rathore had contended. Taking up his contentions, a division bench of the CAT headed by its judicial member Justice S D Anand had ordered to restore his pension.Rathore was awarded 18 months rigorous imprisonment on May 25, 2010, by a local court in Chandigarh and remained behind bars for five months before being granted bail by the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12974754", "title": "\u2018Fatwas from hell\u2019: Deluge of Osama jokes online", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A year after Osama bin Laden was killed by US navy SEALS in Abbottabad, Pakistan , the world's number one terrorist is keeping busy tweeting from hell!Dozens of fake accounts were floated on Twitter shortly after bin Laden's death and ever since, there has been no stopping the updates and \"fatwas\" from \"hell\".\"My ex-wife is talking to ABC News. This is even more disrespectful than the time she asked to look out a window ..., \" read a tweet by a fake account operated by 'Osama' . Another one says \"hot chocolate is haram\" . The descriptions of Osama on the many fake accounts are hilarious. One such account describes him as \"former public enemy #1\".One tweet on a fake account went: \"... faked my own death, now travelling the world. Maybe I'm coming to your city! Check your local al-Qaida branch!\"One tweet on a fake account on his first death anniversary was rather philosophical . \"It's been almost a year... Time flies when you're dead!\" Another read, \"What is it with Obama and surprise visits on May 1st?\"A popular spoof website went a step further and published an interview with him: \"The guys in Heaven all want to come down here. There's no hot stuff up there - not even a lamb tikka masala. I tell you, it's sure great fun in Hell\". PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12974158", "title": "4-year-old killed in bus accident", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four-year-old girl was killed when two private buses collided with each other at Siva Nagar Junction in Press Colony in the city on Tuesday evening. The girl's mother and another person sitting close by on the bus were severely injured in the accident.The death of the child Abhinayashree has sent shock waves through the area. One bus was on its way to Mettupalayam from the city and the other was coming from Mettupalayam to the city. The accident occurred around 6pm on Tuesday.The mother and daughter were on the bus coming to the city from Mettupalayam. They were returning to the city after visiting Abhinayashree's grandparents in Kothagiri. They had just attended the local temple festival there.After attending the festival, Sukitha, 22, and her daughter were returning home when the accident occurred. Sukitha and her husband Asaithambi lived Variety Hall Road in Coimbatore. Along with the other person injured in the accident, Sukitha has been admitted to a private hospital. The post-mortem of Abhinayashree has been conducted.\"The SAS private bus operator plying through the Coimbatore Mettupalayam route is at fault. He was speeding. Private bus drivers are constantly found speeding in the city. We have registered numerous cases of rash driving against them but to no avail. They think they are keeping to the schedule and making profit for the business, but they are only putting lives at risk. In this case, the mirror of the SAS bus hit the bus in which the child was travelling and her head was shattered in the impact. We have registered a case of negligent driving,\" said M Lakshmanan, inspector, Perianaickenpalayam police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12974999", "title": "Chennai\u2019s aero dreams take wing", "text": "CHENNAI: With state government is set to begin land acquisition for Chennai's second airport at Sriperumbudur, making it the only city in the country to have two airports. \"The process had been kept on hold for more than a year due to various reasons,\" Airports Authority of India (AAI) chairman V P Agrawal said during a recent visit to the city. He met chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi and is to meet chief minister J Jayalalithaa soon to finalize details, including the land acquisition and providing connectivity. The AAI would provide technical advice and help.The government included the Sriperumbudur airport in its Vision 2020 document and set aside Rs 25,000 crore for developing airports in the state. A large share of the money will be for land acquisition.Agrawal said the second airport would be a necessity. \"We understand that the government is keen on the project and will find all possible solutions to clear the hurdles that once delayed the project,\" he said.The AAI has started planning the pattern in which traffic should be shared between the two airports.Sources, however, said it was too early to decide whether the new airport would be used exclusively for international flights or domestic flights. The entire land needed has been marked for acquisition but the airport \"will evolve depending on the demand for capacity addition. We plan to build a runway and a terminal building and add more runways and buildings based on the traffic. At the end of the final phase, it will have four runways,\" said an official.The new airport, as per current plans, is likely to be used to handle cargo flights and spillover traffic from the international airport. At Chennai airport, export cargo is growing at more than 25% per year and import cargo by 7-8 % a year - faster than at airports in other metros.\"There is a plan to shift cargo flights to the new airport. For passenger flight operations , we will need better roads and rail connectivity. Good roads will take time while rail connectivity is not likely to happen in 10 years. Metro connectivity is not even being discussed now. Till then the new airport may not be ideal for large-scale passenger traffic,\" said a government official.\"After the new terminal opens, Chennai airport will be able to handle four million passengers a year and will handle eight million passengers a year after the existing one is renovated and merged with the new one. But there will be a capacity crunch if renovation is delayed. The new terminal was delayed by nearly a year,\" said a foreign airline official.An AAI official said, \"A few services may have to be moved to the new airport if the existing one doesn't have space. Studies have shown that more airlines may want to start services and existing ones may like to add frequencies in the coming years. So, some flights may have to be moved to Sriperumbudur.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12973959", "title": "Goa university gets new research chairs", "text": "PANAJI: With the aim of enhancing research in the field of art, the government on Wednesday released grants to the Goa University for the establishment of three research chairs in the names of late cartoonist Mario Miranda , music composer Anthony Gonsalves and Bhajani artiste and singer Narayan 'Nana' Shirgaonkar.On the birth anniversary of late Mario Miranda, chief minister Manohar Parrikar-who had announced the setting up of the chairs in his budget speech-handed over the grants of 14 lakh for each of the three chairs to the Goa University vice-chancellor Dileep Deobagkar for the establishment of the three research chairs.Besides the recurring grant of 14 lakh, the university will also receive a one-time grant of 3 lakh for each of the research chairs.Parrikar felicitated relatives of the late artistes on the occasion. While late Mario Miranda's family was represented by his son Rishaad, late Shirgaonkar's wife and Anthony Gonsalves's daughter Laxmi and wife were present on the occasion. Laxmi Gonsalves, who spoke on behalf of all the three families said her father did not receive any recognition while he was alive, but felt the institution of the research chairs was an honour for all the three departed artistes.\"My father suffered as he did not get any recognition. Only in the last few years there was some effort to recognise his efforts,\" said Gonsalves.Deobagkar said \"the research chairs were a welcome addition to the academic fabric of the university.\"With this, the academic aspects in the fields of fine arts and western music at the university will improve, he added. He also sought a formal academic link between the Kala Academy and the Goa University.Art and culture minister Dayanand Mandrekar, Secretary T Balakrishnan and director Prasad Lolienkar were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973102", "title": "Canoe polo event to kick off today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The idea of holding a national-level water sport championship in a landlocked city like Delhi may seem implausible or even absurd. However, dispelling these doubts, Delhi Tourism has chosen the capital to host the first national canoe polo championship.Scheduled on May 3 and 4, the event will witness the participation of 11 teams from different states.The venue, Prasad Nagar Lake, stands out amid the chaos of the city. Enveloped by lush trees, the only discernible sound here is that of birds chirping. Visitors can be seen maneuvering their paddle boats on the lake to take in every bit of the atmosphere around them. In a small alcove by the side, one can see red and yellow canoes, specially made for the forthcoming event.The lake isn't the most ideal spot for the sport - an Olympic size swimming pool is the best - but the rationale behind choosing it was for locals to know that such spots exist here. These kind of events help to maintain the lake better, says K B Sharma, senior chief manager, Delhi Tourism, which is organizing the event in association with Indian Kayaking and Canoeing Association.\"There are so many options for water sports here but locals need to know about them. Since the lake is a commercial area, it will help generate interest,\" he says.Canoe polo involves two teams of eight players, five of whom are on the water at one time. The objective is simply to score the maximum number of goals. Playing time is short - five to seven minutes for each side, extra time of five minutes for each side and sudden death if scores are still even - but rules are extensive and abiding. \"It'seasy to get hurt,\" says Major General G P S Bindra, chief patron, IKCA.While many see boating as a leisure activity, almost therapeutic, canoeing is an intense sport. \"One needs to be able to balance when he gets into the narrow canoe and also have good upper body strength to paddle the boat. For canoe polo, players also need to be able to flick the ball with their paddle and aim it into the goal post. It is exhausting because they have to manage their own body weight, the canoe's weight and move quickly to get hold of the ball,\" says Bindra.League matches and semi-finals will be held on May 3. The second day will be reserved for finals.On the two days, visitors can also participate in zorbing, an adventure sport that involves getting inside a high-intensity plastic ball that rolls on water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12974026", "title": "Gas leak at Charu Market in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: There was panic among residents in the Charu Market area on Wednesday after cooking gas started leaking from an underground pipeline. Two fire tenders were pressed into action to prevent any incident of fire. With the help of technicians of the gas supplying company, the point of leakage was sealed.Panic spread among residents in the Charu Market area after cooking gas started leaking from an underground pipeline that runs close to an entry and exit point of Rabindra Sarobor metro station. Two fire tenders rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control. With the help of technicians of the gas supplying company, they managed to seal the leakage. Till evening, no one was reported ill due to the leakage.Locals at Deshapran Sasmal Road in south Kolkata first got the smell of gas at around 4pm. Later, they found a portion of the road damaged and gas leaking from that point. Fearing that the leakage along with the sweltering heat might spark a fire, two fire tenders were pressed into service to cool the spot. Such was the panic, that people living close to the spot also vacated their homes.Meanwhile, officials from the Greater Calcutta Gas Supply Corporation - the supplying authority, stopped the supply of gas in that particular stretch and repaired the spot. They alleged that the pipeline was damaged when the road was being repaired.Locals said that around 4 pm, locals at Deshapran Sasmal Road in south Kolkata smelt cooking gas. Later, they found a portion of the road in front of the premises on 4 Deshpran Sasmal Road damaged and found gas leaking from the point. Locals informed the fire brigade. It was feared that there might be a fire at the spot specially due to the heat. Locals panicked and those who live close to the spot even vacated their homes.The two fire tenders started cooling the leaking spot to prevent a fire. Meanwhile, cops informed officials of Greater Calcutta Gas Supply Corporation - the supplying authority. The company's technicians came and stopped gas supply through the particular stretch and repaired the leak after a while. They alleged the pipeline was damaged during road repairs. The authority also claimed that they have provided Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) a detailed layout map of underground pipelines to prevent any damage during road repairs or any other types of work. But, often their pipelines get damaged and leak.A few weeks ago, similar panic spread in north Kolkata when gas started leaking near Sovabazar. A similar incident happened at Park Street last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "12978188", "title": "NIT, Rourkela bags 5th rank among best universities of India", "text": "ROURKELA: National Institute of Technology (NIT), Rourkela has bagged the fifth rank among the best universities in India and 1067th rank in the world, according to a new survey conducted by a global research group.The NIT occupied the position in webmetrics ranking of world univeristies by Cybermetrics lab, a Spain based international research group.The webmetric ranking of world universities is an initiative of the cybermetric lab, a research group belonging to the Consijo Superior de investigaciones Cientificas (CSIC), the largest public research body in Spain, NIT sources said.The cybermetric lab, part of CSIC is devoted to the qualitative analysis of the internet and web content specialy those related to this process of generation and scholarly communication of scientific konwladge. This is a new discipline called Cybermetric.NIT-Rourkela Director Sunil Kumar Sarangi said the ranking of NIT was a matter of great pride and profound honour for the entire NIT family, faculty, staff, students and to all others \"who helped us in our efforts to achieve this prestigious position\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12974995", "title": "6-year-old accuses youth of molestation", "text": "KANPUR: In a shocking incident, a six-year-old girl was allegedly molested by her 25-year-old neighbour on late Monday night in Gwaltoli area. According to reports, the incident took place while the girl had gone to fetch water from a nearby handpump. She was lured by a youth identified as Shahid, a resident of the same area. He took the girl to his house situated nearby and molested her.While a complaint against the accused has been made with the Gwaltoli police station, the cops are yet to make any arrest in this connection when the report last came in. The girl's kin, who preferred anonymity, alleged: \"The girl, who was sexually abused on Monday night developed some kind of complications and apprised her mother about the incident only on Tuesday. She was standing near a handpump and was waiting for her turn, when the accused took her to his nearby house where he molested her inside the room.\"\"The accused had also threatened her with dire consequences before fleeing the scene,\" the girl's kin claimed. The victim's parents alerted the Gwaltoli police about the incident. The girl was later taken to the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12974024", "title": "25 police teams to enforce Supreme Court order on tinted glass in city", "text": "GURGAON: Following the Supreme Court's ban on use of black film on vehicles, city traffic police have decided to launch a drive to crack down on violators. As many as 25 teams will be deployed across the city to implement the new rule, said DCP (traffic) Bharti Arora.In its recent order, the Supreme Court prohibited the use of black films of any visual light transmission (VLT) percentage or any other material upon the safety glasses, windscreens (front and rear) and side glasses of all vehicles throughout the country. The order becomes operative from May 4.According to the order, auto manufacturers can make vehicles that have 70% VLT glasses in front and rear and 40% VLT in side glasses. However, no black film can be pasted on the windscreens and side glasses of a vehicle.DCP said that offenders would be made to remove the films, failing which their vehicles will be impounded.Traffic police issued 3,823 challns for tinted glass in 2010, 2,209 challans in 2011 and 372 challans till March 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12973877", "title": "Two sites in Fatorda issued stop-work order", "text": "MARGAO: Low-lying agricultural fields in Fatorda were inspected by South Goa district collector N D Agarwal on Wednesday.Agarwal inspected two sites-one near Samraat Gardens in Fatorda by the Sports Authority of Goa (SAG) swimming pool and the other behind the KTC bus stand-and later issued a stop-work order in view of the ongoing land filling at the two sites. Agarwal, who inspected the agricultural fields in the presence of BJP spokesperson Damodar Naik and South Goa district planning authorities (SGDPA), stated that as per a Supreme Court ruling, such low-lying agricultural fields cannot be used for construction purposes and vowed to study the matter further.While addressing mediapersons, Naik alleged that such filling of agricultural fields had been rampant during the tenure of the erstwhile Congress government and added that his government would put a stop to such \"illegalities\". Naik said that he would not allow any filling of agricultural fields for any construction purposes in Fatorda. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974224", "title": "Girl commits suicide in city", "text": "PATNA: A Class IX student, Aarti, committed suicide by jumping from the office of an NGO located at an apartment on Boring Road under S K Puri police station on Tuesday night. Aarti was staying at Child Helpline, run by the NGO concerned.Police said Aarti, a native of Siwan who studied in a government high school there, had come to Patna on April 27 to meet her boyfriend. However, she was shocked by the ill-treatment meted out to her by the boy who also snatched her cellphone. She was depressed and admitted to Child Helpline in a disturbed state of mind. She was undergoing treatment there.When Aarti's family members were informed, they refused to accept her as she had earlier eloped from her house. Aarti's father Deonath Shah sells ice-cream in Siwan.Dejected by the behaviour of her boyfriend and the family members, Aarti jumped from the 8th floor of the apartment.Girl recovered : A team of Patna police, with the help of their Madhubani counterparts, recovered a girl Pooja Kumari, who had eloped with a man a few days back from her house located behind BPSC office here.Sachivalaya SHO Din Mahto said one Ram Sevak Thakur of Madhubani, who used to visit the girl's locality where his sister lives, came in touch with Pooja, daughter of Ranjit Pandey. Both eloped five days back, he said, adding that the girl's father failed to trace her and lodged an FIR with the police on April 30. During investigation, it was found that Ram Sevak Thakur had taken Pooja to Dijya village under Harlakhi police station in Madhubani district and married her.A police team from Patna went to Madhubani and recovered the girl and arrested Ram Sevak, the SHO said, and added that Ram Sevak was already married and also had two children from his first wife. He was sent to jail. Police recorded the girl's statement and sent her for medical test.'Blade man' strikes again: Six-year-old Anshu Kumar became the latest victim of the 'blade man'. The incident occurred on Tuesday when Anshu was playing outside his house at Nayee Sadak under Chowk police station in Patna City area. As he was playing, he suddenly saw blood oozing out of his forehead. The boy was treated for his injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974140", "title": "Ice cream parlour sex racket case: HC rejects VS Achuthanandan's plea", "text": "KOCHI: The high court on Wednesday ruled that opposition leader VS Achuthanandan is not entitled to get a copy of the final investigation report on the additional probe into ice cream parlour sex racket case.Turning down his plea, the division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice V Chitambaresh ruled that VS cannot be given a copy as the report is not part of court records but was produced before the court by the police for review of the probe.The additional probe was ordered by the LDF government after KA Rauf, the estranged co-brother of industries minister PK Kunhalikkutty, said in January 2011 that he tried to influence judicial officers and witnesses to save Kunhalikkutty from the scandal. The final report on the probe was filed before the court on February 7 in a sealed cover.It was on March 20 that Achuthanandan raised the claim to the report. Citing Kerala high court rules, his counsel D Anil Kumar had argued that he has the right to get a copy. But his plea was declined with the court observing that it has to scrutinize the report first before considering VS' claim.After the court asked VS to file an application to consider his claim to the report later on, government pleader Roshen D Alexander had submitted on behalf of the police that VS is not entitled to get a copy as the report is not part of court records.The ice-cream sex racket case, which surfaced in 1997, was closed by the courts in 2006. A district court had acquitted all the accused and the high court had upheld the judgment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972397", "title": "Civic body to roll out ready reckoner based property tax", "text": "NAGPUR: After keeping it pending for almost one year, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) ruling group began discussing administration's proposal to implement ready reckoner-based property tax. It seems the office bearers were convinced with the model and may okay its implementation from current financial year.Mayor Anil Sole said a presentation on the model was made before the committee set up to study the tax issue. \"We will calculate property tax amount as per new model on different types of properties. It will give us an idea about the exact increase in tax. Then the decision will be taken whether to go for it or not. The implementation will be done in case there is no major impact on tax payers,\" he said.Expressing satisfaction with the model, chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the model was good for bringing transparency in property tax administration. \"We have to decide the percentage between 0.1% to 1% to be levied on ready reckoner value. As there is a provision of cap, the tax will not increase by more two times. Besides, it will not increase by more than 40% in next five years. Also, there would be no hike in tax for properties below 500 sq ft,\" he said.Tiwari said there were many irregularities in the present administration of property tax. \"For example, corporator Munna Yadav gets property tax demand of Rs 6,000 per annum while his neighbour with similar property gets a bill of only Rs 1,000 per annum. Under the new model, there will be transparency as all will have to pay as per ready reckoner value,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke and deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav who himself is ex-officer from property tax department are also studying the model and were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972911", "title": "CBI nabs three more for Rs 480 crore export fraud", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation's anti-corruption wing arrested three more persons, including the alleged main conspirator, in a case in which the Metal Scrap Trading Corporation (MSTC) was cheated of Rs 480 crore while exporting gold jewellery to the United Arab Emirates (UAE). The accused include Malay Sengupta, former chairman and managing director, MSTC, Kolkata, Tapas Basu, chief general manager, MSTC, Kolkata, and Shailendra Kumar Sinha, insurance consultant, MSTC. Special CBI judge M V Kulkarni remanded the trio to the agency's custody till May 10.While Sengupta and Basu were brought to Mumbai from Kolkata, Sinha was arrested and brought to the city from New Delhi.The CBI said Ushma Jewellery &amp; Packaging Exports, Space Mercantile, A Malle Pharmaceutical, Joshi Bullion Gems &amp; Jewellery, Bond Gems and Indo Bonito Multinational exported jewellery worth Rs 600 crore to buyers in the UAE in 2008-09. The exporters allegedly submitted forged and fake documents to MSTC. It claimed officials at the trading corporation abused official positions with mala fide intentions, accepted the documents and released 80% of the export value to the firms, according to an earlier memorandum of understanding.Proceeds from the exports, which should have been remitted to MSTC against the bills discounted earlier, were misappropriated and transferred to accounts of Ushma Jewellery and Packaging Exports, Space Mercantile and Joshi Bullion Gems &amp; Jewellery.Special public prosecutor Bharat Badami told court that Sengupta and Basu, along with MSTC's deputy general manager, had entered into a criminal conspiracy.\"They did not verify the credit worthiness of the accused associates before entering into the business of credit insurance advance. They also did not verify the credit worthiness of foreign buyers or the relationship between buyers and the accused associates,\" he said. Badami argued that the two did not obtain appropriate security from the associates against huge advances disbursed by MSTC to them and neither did they obtain proper insurance cover from the Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India (ECGC). With respect to the State Trading Corporation of India Ltd (STC), the remand application stated that Sengupta and Basu failed to verify the status of the associates with STC before enhancing the credit facility and did not make any enquiry with it.Badami said they abused their positions and showed undue favour in the appointment of Sinha, who did not have a proper licence. Calling Sinha the main conspirator, the remand application said he was paid Rs 4.18 crore as commission. by the associates for bringing them in and helping then get the limit approved by ECGC.The CBI is investigating a similar fraud by STC officials who granted favours to most of these companies. Sinha was also an insurance consultant with STC.Badami said the custodial interrogation of the accused was necessary to learn how Sinha designed the plan and the modus operandi, and how he got himself enrolled as an insurance consultant though he was ineligible. He argued that it was necessary to ascertain the kickbacks received by the accused from the associates and to unearth the involvement of others in the crime.Opposing the remand application, Sinha's counsel Murtuza Najmi told court that Sinha was not part and parcel of MSTC and had only acted as a consultant.The CBI had arrested Pen Urban Cooperative Bank chairman Shishir Dharkar, his wife Gul Raihina, bank director Prem Kumar Sharma, Joshi Bullion Gems &amp; Jewellery director Jayesh Desai, strategic consultancy partner Rahis Ahmed and Great Aid consultant and proprietor R Mani in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972510", "title": "Outgoing Municipal Corporation of Delhi chief to handle environment?", "text": "NEW DELHI: With all three municipal corporations in place now, the Delhi government is likely to create room for KS Mehra, commissioner of the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi, in the department of environment. As IAS officer Keshav Chandra who holds three portfolios - environment, art and culture - prepares to leave for his new posting in Goa, Mehra is being pitched for the portfolio of environment.Mehra retires in June. However, formal orders for his posting are yet to be issued. Senior IAS officer Anand Prakash who was the financial commissioner and chief managing director, Delhi Finance Commission, has now been posted to Andman &amp; Nicobar Islands as chief secretary. Besides this, senior IAS officer Debashree Mukherjee will be the new CEO of Delhi Jal Board. The government also has to accommodate additional commissioners of the erstwhile MCD Janak Diggal and AJ Kurien.Meanwhile, many officials continue to hold additional charges. Finance secretary of Delhi, DM Spolia has been handling power ever since IAS officer Parimal Rai, who was the power secretary, was sent off to Goa.In April, orders of transfers and postings of nearly 39 IAS and officials in and out of Delhi government were issued in keeping with the Union home ministry's directions. The revenue department saw the maximum changes where seven of the nine deputy commissioners have been posted out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972984", "title": "Karnataka to replicate Ahmedabad\u2019s bus rapid transport system model", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city is lending a helping hand to Hubli-Dharwad, the second-largest urban spread in Karnataka after Bangalore. The Centre for Environmental Planning and Technology (Cept) University has shown the way to the aggregation, which is suffering because of overloaded public transport service, by designing a BRTS for the twin city.A Rs 450-crore project has been proposed, including Bus Rapid Transport System (BRTS) between Hubli and Dharwad. Cept University has been roped in as a consultant for the project which covers a stretch of 22.2 km.\"We have suggested lanes for overtaking on the 20-km stretch, which is something we do not have in Ahmedabad. There is heavy road traffic on the stretch as Hubli is a commercial hub and Dharwad an educational centre. It is estimated that around 2 lakh people commute every day on the 20-km stretch between Hubli-Navanagar and Dharwad. An efficient public transport system is urgently needed there,\" said Shivanand Swamy of Cept, a key member of the team that designed BRTS in Ahmedabad.The chairman of North Western Karnatak Road Transport Corporation (NWKRTC) Mallikarjun Savakar; chairman of Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority Lingaraj Patil; visited Ahmedabad on Wednesday to observe the services of BRTS in Ahmedabad.Managing director of NWKRTC Hemaraju said, \"Ahmedabad has the best BRTS service in the country, and we plan to replicate the same in the twin cities.\" World Bank has already offered a loan.This would be the fourth BRTS project for which CEPT has been invited to design. Earlier, it was invited to design for Ahmedabad, Surat and Indore BRTS systems. The next project will be implemented in Vadodara soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12973853", "title": "Tribal villages oppose tiger reserve in Sathyamangalam", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Tamil Nadu forest department's push to get Sathyamangalam Wildlife Sanctuary declared a tiger reserve suffered a setback on Wednesday when grama sabhas in all 19 tribal-majority panchayats in the region passed separate resolutions against the move.The resolutions said the department had not consulted the local communities on the project, though Section 38 V of the Wildlife Protection Act makes it mandatory.The Wildlife Protection Act stipulates that approval from the grama sabha is essential before tiger reserve status is awarded to a reserve forest area. In addition, government is required to constitute an expert panel to study the impact of declaring an area a tiger reserve on the local community and the findings must be discussed in the grama sabha in the presence of forest officials, environmentalists and social scientists. Before local communities are asked to shift out of reserved area, authorities are required to seek the opinion of the grama sabha on whether it believes the people can co-exist with the wildlife. Also, relocation packages and compensation plan have to be approved by the grama sabha, which has the right to reject proposals of the government.Bhavani Sagar MLA P L Sundaram said that the forest department is all set to award tiger reserve status to Sathyamangalam and Meghamalai in Theni in the next few weeks, but the local communities have not been consulted.Sundaram had prompted the concerned grama sabhas to adopt resolutions condemning the forest department's move. He along with representatives of 10 panchayats in Thalavadi, six in Sathyamangalam and three in Bhavani Sagar will meet chief minister J Jayalalithaa on May 7 and hand over the resolutions.They would request the chief minister to restart the entire process by taking the local community in confidence and abiding by the applicable laws. The delegation would also press for the implementation of the Forest Rights Act in Sathyamangalam to protect tribals living in the forest fringes from forced eviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973128", "title": "Autos &amp; cabs fleece a stranded city", "text": "MUMBAI: Sensing an opportunity as both Harbour Line and Western Railway services were affected on Wednesday, auto and taxi drivers went for the kill. Many office-goers went back home and returned only in the afternoon when train services had normalised. But WR commuters faced a tough time on the way back home.Passengers complained of drivers charging double the normal rates and many refused to ply to areas like Ghatkopar, Vidyavihar or Kurla. \"It is painful to catch an auto or taxi in emergency situations. Whenever there is a rail disruption, we always face problems with road transport. Buses are packed and it is difficult to board them during peak hours,\" said M K Murthy, a resident of Navi Mumbai.Vashi activist Ravi Srivastava said, \"Even share autos were demanding Rs 15 instead of the regular Rs 8. This is ridiculous. A rail disruption doesn't give them licence to fleece passengers.\" Srivastava, who had launched an SMS-complaint service for auto commuters in Navi Mumbai, said refusals too were high. Some passengers took the Trans-harbour route to CST. \"It was a long detour, but worth taking than waiting for an errant auto/taxi driver,\" a passenger added. Passengers said autos demanded Rs 20 to Rs 30 extra as 'return journey' fare. Said Manju Jain, a regular commuter, \"On Wednesday morning, the best thing to do was to return home and wait till train services were restored.\"WR commuters too complained of auto refusals and demanding excess fares at places like Bandra. \"Since train services were affected in the evening, some of us decided to go to Goregaon from Andheri by road. But all autos refused,\" complained Saswati Majumdar, who works at Andheri East. Another commuter said taxis were also unavailable. Passengers travelling from Western to Central Railway via Dadar were worst hit. They were unable to get autos and BEST buses along the east-west corridor were running packed.A Central Railway spokesperson said local authorities have a contingency plan whenever there is a rail disruption. \"They ply extra buses near railway stations and also have more connecting buses between Navi Mumbai and Greater Mumbai ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12974205", "title": "India-Nepal gang of thieves busted, 8 arrested", "text": "LUDHIANA: A gang of thieves which was active in India and Nepal was busted on Wednesday morning when police found their movements suspicious near the city railway station. Eight gang members, including two from Nepal and others from Bihar and Uttar Pradesh, were arrested.Kingpin Moti Lal and accomplice Balram Chatri hail from Nepal, while other accused- Ram Nath, Rehmat Mansuri, Mohammad Shakir, Mazim Raeen and Mohammad Alam- hail from Bihar. Another member Shoaib Ahmed is a resident of UP. Police recovered two motorcycles, two knives, two iron rods and Rs 30,000 from the thieves.The gang confessed 25 thefts in Nepal and India. In Punjab, they had targeted Jalandhar and Ludhiana to commit crimes. They confessed to incidents of theft in New Delhi too.Being settled on Indo-Nepal border, Moti Lal, an expert in opening locks, roped in other members to form his gang, said the police. Their modus operandi was to move from one city to another and book a room at a hotel, pretending to be traders. Once the target was spotted, they used to leave their room in wee hours to commit the theft and would return to take a nap before fleeing, said SHO, Kotwali, Surinder Mohan.The gang had posed as cloth merchants in Ludhiana and had followed the same procedure, leaving their hotel room in wee hours of Wednesday, when the police nabbed them near the railway station.Mohan said the preliminary investigation has revealed their involvement in some incidents of theft in the city and they are investigating these cases. \"One of the gang members had given his identity while booking the hotel room, but the hotel management could not figure out their motive and method,'' he added.The police are investigating if the gang has any more members or accomplices in the city, said the SHO. A case was registered against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978989", "title": "Vettrimaran names it as Venghai Samy", "text": "Guess what is the name of director Vettrimaran's next film with Dhanush? He has chosen to title it as Venghai Samy.The two jhoins hands for the third time after Polladhavan and Aadukalam. The latter won several national awards including best actor for Dhanush.Vettrimaran was supposed to direct Simbhu for Vada Chennai. However it has been shelved at the last moment and the baton was passed to Dhanush.The two has preferred to title their film Venghai Samy. Search is on for the erst of the cast. Shooting for the movie will resume shortly.Source: cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nalgonda", "code": "12971803", "title": "Three girls die of asphyxiation in car", "text": "NALGONDA: Three girls choked to death in a stationary car at Mallareddygudem in Mellacheruvu mandal in Nalgonda district on Wednesday. The victims were aged between 6 and 7 years.Sources said the girls got into the Santro car in the afternoon in a playful mood. Soon, they realized the car doors were locked and shouted for help. But nobody heard them. The car was parked in front of a real estate businessman's house, Nageshwara Rao.One of the girls, Bhavani, 7, was the daughter of Rao's brother-in-law. The other two - Nandini, 7, and Manisha, 6 - were distant relatives of Bhavani.Sources said the girls had come to the village for summer holidays. They hailed from the nearby Raghunathapalem village. Their parents panicked when they found the girls missing and around 4 pm, they found them dead in the car. \"The girls were asphyxiated to death as they could not breathe for over 2-3 hours,\" a police official said.The bodies were sent to Kodad government hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972495", "title": "Hudco Colony gets contaminated water", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 100 residents of Hudco colony in North Nagpur are complaining of supply of contaminated water by Nagpur Municipal Corporation.\"Water supply has been starting daily morning at 5 am for the last 20 years. Since last one year, however, we are getting contaminated water,\" said Mangesh Lokhande, who is down with jaundice.Lokhande is not the only resident suffering from the water borne disease. The residents of the colony claimed that about 40 persons had fallen ill a fortnight ago after drinking water.\"Fever, dizziness, severe stomach ache are common in the area as around 150 houses in the area are getting contaminated water from taps,\" rued another resident MKrishnawani.Many residents showed contaminated water to this correspondent. Shashikant Sahare, a final year BCCA student and a resident, said that algae and mud were visible in the water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973328", "title": "80-yr-old woman dies in bee attack at Mulund temple", "text": "MUMBAI: An elderly woman died after she was bitten by honey bees when she had gone to pray at the Ganesha Temple, on the premises of the Mulund fire brigade, on Tuesday.The Mulund police said that Ghatkopar resident Maniben Thakkar (80) and her daughter-in-law Ushaben (56) were attacked by the bees at 5.30pm.Assistant commissioner of police (Mulund division) Mahadev Gundewadi confirmed that the attack occurred on the premises of the fire brigade when the devotees had gone to pray at the temple.\"The elderly woman died due to fear after the bees bit her all over. She succumbed before admission to the Mulund general hospital,\" Gundewadi said.Ushaben, who is undergoing treatment at the hospital, said in a police statement that there were several devotees at the temple at the time of the incident.\"Suddenly, there was a commotion and people started running helter-skelter after someone hit the bee hive. All those present suffered bee bites.\"When Ushaben failed to help her mother-in-law, who was trapped in the attack, she called locals for help. \"Most of those present escaped with minor bites. The deceased was unable to run from the spot due to old age,\" Mulund senior inspector Jivajirao Jadhav said.A case of accidental death report has been registered and the police have sent viscera samples to the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Kalina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12974008", "title": "All India Football Federation offers to set up centre for excellence", "text": "PANAJI: Goa will soon start reaping the benefits of the government's decision to declare football as the state sport.All India football federation has offered the centre of excellence to Goa, the first of its kind in the country, and should the state government stick its neck out and shake hands, work on the project will start this year itself.AIFF general secretary Kushal Das had a private meeting with sports authority of Goa executive director Elvis Gomes and Goa state football development council chairman Rufino Monteiro on Monday where an informal offer was made.A formal offer will be made to the state government's representatives when the duo travel to Delhi, most likely on May 8.\"It's a great thing that the state government has declared football a state sport. I think other football-loving states should follow Goa's example,\" Das told TOI during his brief stay in Goa earlier this week.AIFF had initially selected Goa as one of the eight centres for a state-of-the-art football academy. But with the state government offering its unstinted support to the game, Das said Goa deserves \"bigger things\".\"Goa will be the best place to have the centre of excellence. It will be one of its kind and we would need land apart from government guarantees,\" he said.The centre of excellence will be the first of its kind in the country and will act as the national team training centre. Most developed countries, including the likes of England, Portugal, The Netherlands, France and Italy, have such a facility for their national teams and player development.\"The national team, age-group teams and even professional clubs can avail of these facilities. It will be a big step forward for football in the country,\" said Das.Three years ago, AIFF had finalized Goa as the venue for a 100-crore budgeted Bharti football academy. But opposition from locals and the then housing minister Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco's refusal to transfer 1.26 lakh sq m of prime land in Cuncolim meant the plans were shelved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973179", "title": "\u2018Let people choose discom\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: With differential power tariff finally in place for the national capital, Delhiites are yet to get the freedom to choose their own power supplier. Despite several assurances, regulatory body Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC) is yet to make open access accessible for households in the city and scale the present 1MW cap.The regulator's failure to allow open access for smaller customers means that Delhiites will now have to bear the benefit or loss of their discom's efficiency level.Power sector experts say that open access is essential for a city like Delhi to end the monopoly enjoyed by private discoms for the last ten years and bring competition to the power distribution business. The law also says that regulators should allow open access to progressively smaller customers so that a resident of east Delhi should be able to buy power from north Delhi discom Tata Delhi Power instead of BSES Yamuna and vice versa.\"The way it was conceived, open access was to have been made available to customers at even the individual household level in a short time. Once open access becomes reality, consumers can no longer be held to ransom by any company, and choice will ensure that tariffs fall,'' said an expert.Last year during the tariff announcement, DERC had announced that open access cap of 1MW would be scaled down by 2012 to make open access reachable every household in the city. However, the reality of open access remains a distant dream. A senior DERC official ruled out the possibility of announcing new open access regulations or scaling down the 1 MW anytime in the near future.There have not been takers for open access right now for customers with a load of 1-MW or above. Gradually, we will go below this cap but it will take time,'' said a top DERC official. Immediate implementation of open access for customers below the 1 MW cap was one of the major demands of stakeholders in the recently held public hearing alongwith CAG audit for discoms and implementation of performance regulations for discoms.\"You are talking about increasing tariff and charging more for consumers to meet discom's costs but what about the welfare of consumers. Unless open access is made available to every consumer in Delhi and he or she is given the freedom to choose their own power supplier and bring competition in the power sector, there will be incentive for discoms to improve their services,'' pointed out activist Rajiv Kakria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973612", "title": "Music\u2019s golden era remembered", "text": "NASHIK: The Hindi film music of 50s to 70s had such magical power that even today the songs of that era are hummed and appreciated. The programmes devoted to those days still attract people of all age groups. One such show organized by the Harmony Art Gallery paid tribute to the rich repertoire of the unforgettable melodies of virtuoso C. Ramchandra in a programme aptly named as 'Shola Jo Bhadke'. It was held at the Gallery on Gangapur Road in front of connoisseurs of music who thronged at the small parking place in large numbers, where the gallery is. The place was overflowing with the audience even as the air started wafting the memorable C. Ramchandra numbers like 'Yeh Zindagi Usiki Hai, Tu Chupi Hai Kahan and Aadha hai chandrma.Nearly 25 lilting songs from such hit films as 'Albela' (Mehfilme meri kaun yeh diwana),Azaad (Ja re ja re o kare badariya and Kitana haseen hai mausum), Nirala (Mehfilme jal uthi shyam),Sharada (O chand jahan wo jaye),Yasmeen (bechain na nazar),Anarkali (Dua kar gamee dil), Patanga (Mere piya gaye Rangoon) and many more the held the audience in rapt attention and spellbound for over two hours. Many melodious songs like Mere manka bawara panchi and Dekh hame awaaz na dena from 'Amardeep', Mohabbat aisi dhadkan hai ( Anarkali) and Balama bada nadan (Albela) received 'once-more' call from the gathering.Jaya Patekar, Satish Kothekar, Usha Patekar, Indrayani Patni, Neelambari Kshatriya rendered their sonorous and melodious voices to enliven the evening with Kishor Patekar (synthesizer), Nana Khare and Naveen Tambat (percussionist), Ajay Gaikwad and Nitin Gosavi (side rhythm ) accompanying them expertly that recreated the magic of C Ramchandra also known as Annasaheb Chitalkar.This was the fourth such programme devoted to the golden-era of Hindi film music after the shows on Madan Mohan, Mukesh and music director Ravi. \" Many more such programmes are in line in the coming days,\" said Raja Patekar in chief of the Gallery and added, \" our aim is to recreate those golden days as far as possible and that too free-of-cost.\" Kailas Patil. One among the audience who is regular in this mehfil had this to say after the show, \" Hats off to the passion of this music loving group who are selflessly serving the Hindi film music in their own small way.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974456", "title": "Woman moves HC over son missing from Japan jail", "text": "KOCHI: The mother of a 33-year-old man from Kasargod, who was serving a prison term in Japan since 2008 and went missing from a jail near Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, has sought the help of the Kerala high court in locating him.According to V Lakshmi, her son Mahendra Kumar Gireesan was falsely implicated in a murder attempt while he was running a hotel in Japan and was sentenced to 12 years.Since the Fukushima Daiichi disaster in March 2011, there has been no information about her son from the prison at Tochigi prefecture. The 58-year-old mother moved the high court after efforts to locate her son through various government departments had failed.Gireesan, who had been working in a Japanese company since 1999, left his job and started a hotel a few years back. In March 2008, a fight broke out between two Malayali groups, who were staying at Gireesan's hotel and three persons sustained injuries. According to Lakshmi's petition, Gireesan tried to dissuade the armed groups from attacking each other.Most of the men involved were illegal residents and were soon deported. However, based on the statements of those injured in the incident, Gireesan was charged with attempt to murder and sentenced.Later, members of both groups, including the injured persons, filed affidavits attesting to Gireesan's innocence. The petition by Gireesan's mother points out that the trial of the case was conducted without examining the injured persons as they were deported to India before the trial.Lakshmi reveals that though she approached the ministry of external affairs, defence department and the President of India she has not got any help from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12974340", "title": "East Delhi residents to pay most for power", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, your area of residence will determine how high your power bills will be. Delhi's power regulator on Wednesday paved the way for differential tariffs - a first for the city - while announcing the second fuel adjustment surcharge payable to discoms, applicable from May 1 to July 31.East Delhi residents will pay the most as BSES Yamuna has been allowed to levy a fuel surcharge of 7%. BSES Rajdhani, which supplies power to south and west Delhi, will levy a 6% surcharge. North and northwest Delhi, where Tata Delhi Power operates, will pay a surcharge of 4%.The new rates will replace the flat 5% surcharge allowed by DERC in February. The surcharge is over and above the 22% tariff hike announced by the regulator last September.The quantum of the fuel surcharge mainly depends on two factors - the rate at which a discom buys power from generating companies and the power it loses through theft and T&D; losses.In February, DERC had granted a 5% fuel surcharge although discoms were demanding up to 12%. But this time the surcharge allowed is much closer to the discoms' claims filed for January-March 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12976316", "title": "Statistical highlights of Royal Challengers Bangalore-Kings XI Punjab IPL match", "text": "BANGALORE: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League match between Royal Challengers Bangalore and Kings XI Punjab:# Nitin Saini (50 off 36 balls) registered his first fifty in Twenty20.# David Hussey has recorded ten sixes -- the most for Kings XI Punjab in the IPL 5.# Chris Gayle and Virat Kohli were associated in a partnership of 119 for the second wicket -- Bangalore's highest for any wicket at M Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bangalore in the IPL.# The above second wicket partnership is a record for Royal Challengers Bangalore against Punjab in the IPL.# Azhar Mahmood (3/20) has registered his best bowling performance for Kings XI Punjab in the present edition of the IPL.# Azhar has got his 17th Man of the Match award in Twenty20 -- a tally exceeded only by Chris Gayle and Brad Hodge -- 18 each.# Virat Kohli (45 off 42 balls) has managed just 192 runs in nine innings at an average of 21.33, including a fifty, in the present edition of the IPL.# Piyush Chawla is the leading wicket-taker for Punjab in the IPL 2012 with 12 wickets at 20.66, followed by Parvinder Awana (9 at 21.77 runs apiece) and Azhar Mahmood (8 at 17.12).# The three leading run-getters for Punjab in the IPL 2012 are Mandeep Singh (277), Shaun Marsh (256) and David Hussey (255).# Zaheer Khan, with 9 wickets at 31.33 runs apiece, is the leading wicket-taker for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL 2012.# Royal Challengers Bangalore have won four and lost five out of ten contested (NR 1) in the present edition of the IPL. In the points table, they are placed sixth.# Kings XI Punjab have won five and lost five out of ten contested in the present tournament. They are now placed fourth in the points table.# Punjab's four-wicket win, with one ball remaining, is their fifth in ten games against Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL. Bangalore have also won five against Kings XI Punjab in the IPL.# Praveen Kumar (4-0-8-0) has recorded an economy rate of 2.00 -- the best in the IPL 2012. This economy rate is the best by a bowler from Punjab in the IPL overall.# Chris Gayle became the third batsman to amass 1000 runs for Bangalore in the IPL, totalling 1015 runs at an average of 59.70 in 21 games, including two centuries and eight fifties. The three leading run-getters for Bangalore in the IPL are Kohli (1467), Kallis (1132) and Gayle (1015).# Gayle (99 in 37 matches) is all set to become the first batsman to complete a century of sixes in the IPL. His present tally of 29 sixes in eight innings is the most in the IPL 2012.# Gayle's brilliant 71 off 42 balls is his tenth half-century in the IPL. He is the second batsman after Sehwag to register five fifties in the IPL 5.# Gayle (407 at 50.87) has become the third batsman to manage 400 runs in the IPL 5, joining Rahane (458) and Sehwag (445).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "dugri", "code": "12974186", "title": "Jatinder's love for 821 knows no reason", "text": "DUGRI: The six cars parked at Jatinder Madan's residence in Dugri Phase I bearing the same number 00821 are a testimony to his love for the number '821'. The 37-year-old businessman's mobile numbers and even the landline numbers at his residence and office end with 821.\"This love started when we first got a Maruti 800 car in 1989 with this registration number. There after, every car we bought, bore the same number. I have a liking for this number without any astrological or numerological significance,'' says Jatinder.The six cars he owns at present- a BMW 5 series, a Jetta, a Verna, a Swift Desire, a Ritz and a Santro- have their registration numbers as 00821. Even the two factory vehicles (tempo travellers) he owns bear the same number.\"I wanted even my house number to be 821 but I couldn't get it. Whenever I get a chance, I would get the same number for my residence as well, and my fascination with 821 would be complete,'' says Jatinder. Jatinder's elder brother Sanjay, 46, says, \"We have six landline numbers ending with 821 and the six mobile numbers in the family too end with 821. Jatinder loves this number and even we have developed an attachment with it because of him.''The most interesting thing is there is no particular reason behind this fascination with 821, he adds. The six cars parked at Jatinder Madan's residence in Dugri Phase I bearing the same number 00821 are a testimony to his love for the number '821'. Jatinder's wife Jyoti, 36, a home maker, says the entire family and even the neighbours are aware of Jatinder's fascination with 821.\"If you ask the location of our house from the people in our locality, they wouldn't tell you the house number, but guide you to notice the cars bearing 821 registration,'' she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973517", "title": "Roadside eateries: Tuck in at your own risk", "text": "BHOPAL: Gorging on the spicy fast food from the vendors selling it in open may prove disastrous. Of the 138 food samples collected from road side stalls in Bhopal, 22 failed confirms a report of the food and drug administration (FDA) here on Wednesday.Simply put, one of every six food sample tested failed to meet the food safety norms.The Bhopal Municipal Corporation has washed off its hands and passed on the buck to the FDA which doesn't have enough staff to enforce the law.The samples were collected between January and March this year, in raids carried out in various open space eating joints in near new market, Bittan market, 6 no. stop and MP Nagar among other places. The findings concur with the warnings of health experts who suggest that eating in these places is riskier during the summer season, as perishables rot faster due to the heat.The space for food stalls along road sides are sublet by the municipal corporation. Additional commissioner Pramod Shukla said, \"These hawker corners and meant for street vendors. Whatever being sold by them is not regulated by the corporation anymore, it is up to the FDA to check its standard.\"Food safety, until last year, was overseen as an additional duty by health officers in city and town municipal corporations. Rules regarding food safety were covered by the Prevention of Food Adulteration Act. Aware of the health risks faced by the consumers, the FDA admits that's it is operating with just 60% of the required food safety officers. There are supposed to be total 9 food inspectors, for an estimated 2,000 such open outlets. However, just only 500 have applied for the mandatory registration in Bhopal till now.After the responsibility of food safety was taken from Municipal Corporation and given to a FDA food safety unit under the chief medical and health officer (CMHO), monitoring has been confined to due to lack of staff. The hawkers' corners have become a very popular destination for gourmet these days. Almost all these places in the city serve a variety of south Indian dishes to chinese food.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12974046", "title": "Snatchers strike twice in Patuli", "text": "KOLKATA: Biker gangs struck twice in Patuli over the last 48 hours, waylaying women on their way home at night. Police are investigating if both muggings are by the same gang.On Wednesday night, a woman was attacked by two men on a bike who grabbed her necklace. The previous evening, around 9.30pm, two bikers had accosted a 24-year-old NGO executive on Ashok Road and held a knife to her throat. They took her ear-rings, necklace and cellphone and warned her against going to police. The goons were brazen enough not to wear masks, she said.She mustered the courage to file an FIR only on Wednesday night. Police said they have started a case but investigation has been hampered by the delay in the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973973", "title": "BPO employee abducts, rapes former colleague", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Wednesday arrested a man for allegedly abducting and raping a 23-year-old woman who is working with a BPO company.The suspect, Ashish Rajkumar Goyar of Koregaon Park, on April 29, allegedly abducted the woman near the gate of the company and confined her in a flat for three days. The police on Wednesday rescued the woman and arrested the suspect.The police said that the suspect and the woman were working in the same BPO and were known to each other.Around four months ago, Goyar joined another BPO. \"On the day of the abduction, around 2 am, when the woman was standing outside the gate after her shift was over, Goyar approached her and told her that he wanted to talk to her. He took her on his bike to a flat in Tingrenagar,\" said sub-inspector R B Mulani.Once they reached the flat, Goyar snatched the woman's cell phone and switched it off, Mulani said. \"She, however, managed to send an SMS to a friend of her sister from the cell phone of Goyar, while he was sleeping. She informed that Goyar has abducted her and forcing her to marry him,\" Mulani said.After receiving a complaint from the victim's sister, the police set up a team to trace the victim, said senior inspector Deepak Sawant. \"Sub-inspector A S Mane and his team rescued the woman on Wednesday. She also told the police that the suspect raped her,\" Sawant added.Goyar was produced before the court on Wednesday and remanded to police custody till May 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972686", "title": "Sawai Man Singh Medical College principal gives clean chit to superintendent", "text": "JAIPUR: Sawai Man Singh (SMS) medical college principal Subhash Nepalia on Wednesday sent a report to the state government stating that hospital superintendent LC Sharma had never refused to allot the teenaged girl a bed in the ICU ward who died on Monday.Following her death, the hospital had witnessed protests.\"Due to lack of communication and information, the confusion prevailed. The hospital superintendent never refused to allot an ICU ward to the girl. A relative of the girl had gone to the superintendent's office and requested for a bed in the ICU ward. However, at that time several other requests for ICU beds were already pending. Therefore, the superintendent asked her to talk to the doctor treating the patient, who could decide on allotting a bed in the ICU,\" Nepalia said.Giving a clean chit to the hospital superintendent, Nepalia said Sharma did not want such an incident to occur and never ruled out allotting a bed in the ICU ward to the girl.\"It is wrong to say the girl died because of not being allotted a bed in the ICU,\" he said.Nepalia said the doctor attending to the girl had called Sharma around 12.30 pm, but by then she had already suffered a cardiac arrest.Following protests over the death, Nepalia had sought a detailed report on the incident from the superintendent. Acting principal health secretary Mukesh Sharma is also investigating into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12975185", "title": "Inmate dies inside Mirzapur jail, prisoners accuse administration", "text": "VARANASI: High drama ensued inside the Mirzapur district jail after a prisoner, Babban Yadav, died of brain haemorrhage. The situation returned to normal only on Wednesday morning, when district magistrate Govind Raju and DIG Jail, V K Jain reached there, along with heavy police force and PAC personnel. The senior cops assured the inmates of initiating a probe into the death of the prisoner.According to reports, after conviction in a murder case that took place in 2009, Babban, 35, a native of Ramgadh in Mirzapur, and his accomplice Chhatthu Patel, were sentenced to life imprisonment by the sessions court. Both the accused were lodged at barrack four of the jail. On Tuesday afternoon, Babban's wife had visited the jail to meet him and inform about the preparations being made by their family for the marriage of his sister scheduled on May 5. Apparently, till then he had no health problem.However, the prisoners alleged, that Babban's health started deteriorating around 10.00pm. On seeing this, the prisoners in the barrack raised an alarm. Despite their hue and cry, only a pharmacist reached the barrack around midnight, alleged the prisoners. Till then Babban had died. As the news of Babban's death spread on the premises, the prisoners in all the barracks of the jail started raising slogans against the jail authorities. This protest continued till Wednesday morning.Sensing the anger of prisoners, no jail official tried to enter the barrack to take Babban's body in possession for completing legal formalities. Due to this, the protest by prisoners continued until the DM and the DIG Jail reached there, along with heavy police force and PAC. The officials assured the prisoners that the matter would be investigated and guilty persons would not be spared. After this assurance, the prisoners agreed to handover Babban's body for post-mortem.Later, the DIG Jail informed TOI over phone, \"The cause of death is mentioned as brain haemorrhage in the post-mortem report.\" He said that Babban had no health-related problems and he had also not taken part in the health camp organised inside the jail on Tuesday afternoon. But, his health condition deteriorated all of a sudden in night and before the jail authorities could make any arrangements he died, said the DIG adding, that the pharmacist was present inside the jail till 10.30pm and on getting information about Babban, he returned again around 11.30pm.During initial investigation by jail authorities, it also came to light that when the doctors of jail's hospital were contacted, the cellphone of one of the doctors, who had assumed charge at jail hospital two days back, was found switched off, while another doctor had left for Allahabad. The DIG Jail said that a judicial probe has already been ordered in this episode, while a departmental investigation would also be carried out. He said that the reports of these probes would expose the name of persons who performed laxity in this case after which the course of action would be decided.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12972105", "title": "Trainee IPS officers join anti-child labour drive", "text": "HYDERABAD: Four Indian Police Service (IPS) trainee officers from Sardar Vallabhai Patel National Police Academy (SVNPA) along with labour officials on Wednesday rescued seven child workers in Secunderabad. Later, the rescued children were sent to a juvenile home in Saidabad.A four-member team- Birendra Godar ( Nepal ), I P Singh (Uttar Pradesh), Rahula Nath (Himachal Pradesh) and Debangi Swarnakar (Rajasthan)- along with labour officials participated in raids on gold shops in Secunderabad.The raids started at around 11 am at two places- General Bazar and Monda Market- in Secunderabad zone. The team first entered a five-storied commercial complex in General Bazar, where nearly 150 gold shops operate out of the premises. Soon after they entered the premises, the officials sealed the exit gates and searched the premises for child workers. They were able to locate six children working at different shops on the premises. An IPS trainee even chased and caught a child worker, who tried to escape and hide on the terrace. \"This is a new experience for us\" IPS trainee Birendra Godar told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochar market", "code": "12974575", "title": "Kochar Market to be congestion free soon", "text": "KOCHAR MARKET: Soon traffic congestion in Kochar market is going to be a thing of the past. The traffic police department is planning to take strict measures for the removal of traffic hindrance in the market. Mismanagement of the traffic in the area is the main reason behind the chaos.Tapin Malhotra, a resident of Model Town, has often been stuck in traffic jams at the chowk. He believes that there is a need to find out a way for managing traffic in the area and the traffic police should take steps for the removal of illegal parking on the road leading to Kochar Market.Vineet Kumar, a resident of Shastri Nagar, said problem of encroachment prevails on the roads lead to Kochar market and these were removed then the traffic situation would be under control. He further stated that the traffic police should depute cops at the chowk so that the traffic moves smoothly.When asked, ACP (Traffic) Swapan Sharma said the department was planning to take some action for the smoothness of the traffic in Kochar market. He added that removal of encroachments would be the top priority as roads leading to the Kochar were quite wide but these encroachments left little space for the commuters to move.He said towing away of illegally parked vehicles was also being considered and traffic cops would be deputed at the chowk. \"All this is not possible without the cooperation of shopkeepers. The MC should take action against roadside vendors,\" he said.President of the Kochar Market Welfare Association Baljinder Singh Sandhu said haphazard parking in the market the authorities should provide proper parking space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973611", "title": "Cheif minister seeks MPs' help to get Central fund", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday reached out to MPs from the state, seeking their cooperation in getting 'maximum help' from the Centre to ensure speedy development.\"The chief minister has written a letter to all the MPs from the state seeking their help in getting policy decisions in the state's favour reminding them as to how the state which used to be the leading state in the country has lagged behind in the field of development in the recent past,\" says an official spokesperson.The chief minister said that since the formation of his government, development has been given momentum, the spokesperson said adding that resources were necessary for development and it was imperative that maximum financial help is acquired from the Centre and it be properly utilised.Noting that he has already apprised Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about the specific problems confronting the state, Akhilesh Yadav said that at his level he has also made a demand for financial help for different schemes as well as some policy decisions so that better development could be ensured. He exuded confidence that if the Centre provided the help sought by the state, its all-round development would be ensured.Stressing that MPs have an important role to play in the development of the state, the chief minister said that he hoped that they would lend their help in this task. The letter states agriculture, power, infrastructure development, urban and rural development, social welfare and tourism as priority areas, the spokesperson said.While Congress and the Samajwadi Party (SP) have 22 MPs each from UP, BSP has 20, BJP 10 and RLD five.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972258", "title": "Mentally disturbed girl ends life", "text": "NAGPUR: A 17-year-old school drop-out committed suicide by jumping into a community well in Jaripatka on Tuesday evening. Megha Kinnake, who resided at Mhada colony, was learnt to be mentally disturbed since last three years.On the fateful evening, Megha sneaked out of the house on the pretext of going to the toilet while the rest of the family members were watching TV. She locked the front door of the house before walking into the street.The noise of the splash of water from the community well attracted neighbours' attention who raised alarm but by then Megha had already drowned. Some neighbours informed Kinnakes that Megha's had jumped into a well.Megha's body was fished out with the help of fire brigade personnel in presence of Jaripatka police which has registered accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974578", "title": "Of tractors and cellphones", "text": "The chattering classes of urban India are engaged in animated discussions about Didi, scams, policy paralysis , faltering reforms and declining growth. Meanwhile, the farming classes, who haven't seen much reform since the Green Revolution 50 years ago, continue to combine bits of modern technology with their ingenious capacity for 'jugaad' in transforming traditional agriculture. Here are a few examples.The tractor displaced the bullock in ploughing and other farm operations. With a trailer attached, it has also displaced the bullock cart in transporting everything from construction materials to farm produce to people. Tractors also double up as earthmovers, dumpers and even motors for water pumps when there is no power supply.This shift from the bullock to the tractor has had far-reaching effects. With milk prices soaring, cows are much in demand. But nobody wants the bulls. They are no longer required to pull ploughs or carts, and not many are required for procreation since the advent of artificial insemination, another modern innovation. So the male calves have short lives. At the earliest opportunity they are transported - legally or illegally - to the nearest butcher or slaughterhouse, or smuggled across the border.The bull culling has played havoc with the bovine gender balance. It has also depleted the supply of gobar. It is a significant impediment to the resumption of organic agriculture, which our farmers practised till the Green Revolution came along. Also, organic agriculture cannot match the productivity of chemicals-based agriculture. However, farmers are well aware of the risks of such agriculture. Typically , they maintain a home patch where they grow crops organically for home consumption. The produce of chemical agriculture is all for the market. I sometimes wonder whether our rising incidence of cancer is only because of our toxic air and water, or also because of the toxic residues in the farm produce we consume.The cellphone is another innovation that has radically transformed rural markets. While policy wonks debate whether to reform or scrap the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee Act to improve market efficiency, farmers have greatly enhanced efficiency by recourse to the cellphone.Visit any village and you will notice that as a crop is readied for the market, the farmer will usually make a few 'missed calls' - another fabulous Indian jugaad - to auctioneers. Within minutes he will get return SMS messages giving him the current price in each market, and he knows where to go for the best price. With thousands of farmers undertaking the same process of price discovery, the outcome is a highly efficient market.I have seen itinerant fish traders do much the same thing in the fishery belts of Bengal and in Rajasthan and Haryana, but with additional jugaad for a cold chain. At the crack of dawn, the trader and his team will drive their truck to an appointed tank. The front of the payload bay is converted into a makeshift fish container with PVC sheets. In the rear half, the boys crowd in with slabs of ice, fishnets and other equipment.On reaching the site, the net is spread across the tank and drawn in with the catch. While the fish lies corralled in the tank, the container is filled with water and slabs of ice. The cold chain has now been established. The fish are then weighed, a drum full at a time, and poured into the container. The fish will remain alive in this cold container for a couple of hours till they reach the market. Meanwhile, the trader sends out his missed calls, gets his wholesale price quotes, and decides where to sell.These are just a few examples of the many ways in which farmers have adapted 'modern' technical elements to local conditions through their jugaad, transforming traditional agriculture . But if our farmers have been so innovative, how come agricultural productivity has only grown at less than 3% a year over decades?There is no simple answer to this question, but a major part of it has to do with the large variations in performance between crops and across states in our vast country. While average foodgrain productivity is 2,000 kg per hectare, wheat productivity is 3,000 kg per hectare, and has reached 4,000 kg in some parts of the country. If best practices achieved within the country could be disseminated throughout the country, India's agricultural performance would compare reasonably well against international benchmarks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973631", "title": "Man involved in 200 thefts arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a 40-year-old burglar, who has been involved in more than 200 burglaries across the state on Tuesday.Police revealed the identity of the burglar as Kalidoss, native of Thiruparankundram near Madurai, and recovered the stolen mobile phone and its accessories from him. The police patrolling team arrested him when they saw him suspiciously near Ashok Nagar area on Tuesday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12974909", "title": "Munnabhais racket: Police raid coaching centre, hostel", "text": "KANPUR: The Madhya Pradesh police conducted raids at a prominent medical entrance preparation coaching institute and boys hostel in Kakadeo and Geeta Nagar localities, on Wednesday. The raids were in connection with the hunt for kingpin of a 'Munnabhai' racket, who is said to have lured three CPMT aspirants into solving the AIEEE paper held on April 29. The kingpin of the racket has been absconding.A police party from Jabalpur, along with one of the accused, Mulayam Singh, a resident of Azamgarh, reached Kakadeo. Mulayam Singh, a Class XII passout was preparing for Combined Pre-Medical Test (CPMT) at a renowned coaching centre in Kakadeo in the city. Reportedly, along with two other medical aspirants, Shaikh Shahid and Akash alias Pintu, both residents of Pratapgarh, Mulayam had been lured by one Sanjay Chandel to appear in the AIEEE paper in place of three other students. The three students were residing in separate hostels in Geeta Nagar.The Jabalpur police from the investigations done so far have learnt that Sanjay had baited the medical aspirants for appearing in place of three other students at different examination centres in Jabalpur.It was when their photos pasted on the admit cards did not match with those students who had to appear in the AIEEE paper, that they were nabbed by the police.The arrested students told police that for doing this task, Sanjay had promised to pay Rs 30,000 each and an advance of Rs 5,000 had already been paid to them.Acting on a tip-off received from these three Munnabhais, the Jabalpur police reached Kanpur on Wednesday and searched the hostels where the accused used to stay. They also reached the coaching centre where they had enrolled themselves for preparing for the medical entrance exam.Sanjay Chandel, the mastermind, has been absconding and the Jabalpur police is now on the lookout for him. Importantly, Sanjay has also been stated to be a resident of Kanpur. Virendra Singh, sub-inspector, Jabalpur police, said that Mulayam Singh was caught writing the exam in place of Ram Sevak. Similarly, Shahid and Akash were writing in place of Kallu and Ankur, respectively, and therefore, all the three solvers have been arrested. He said that the matter was under investigation and added that the incident has revealed that some kind of racket has been working in making bright students write the exam for others. He also said that all the three medical aspirants were guilty of involvement into the racket and admitted that their greed ruined their career.To note, this is the second case of Munnabhai arrest as on April 29, when All India Engineering Entrance Exam was conducted by CBSE, four HBTI students were nabbed by sleuths of Special Task Force (STF) of UP from different examination centres in Agra.These students were solvers and were caught writing exam in place of other AIEEE aspirants. The authorities of Harcourt Butler Technological Institute (HBTI) on finding the involvement of its four students into the illegal activity, decided to suspend all of them from the institute.The accused students would also be debarred from attending the classes and appearing in the semester exams. The proctorial board of HBTI has been investigating the matter. == Home secy appears in court in graft case against S-IKanpur: UP home secretary Kamal Saxena on Wednesday adduced before the court that accused subinspector Shyam Lal Siddharth had placed an envelope carrying currency notes on his table in a case of anti-corruption pending in the court of additional district and sessions judge (XVth) of Kanpur Nagar.Appearing as a prosecution witness in a case styled as \"State v/s Shyam Lal Siddharth\", home secretary on oath said that the first information of the case was lodged on his direction on September 1, 2008, when he was posted in Kanpur as DIG (Police) and on that day he was disposing off his routine office work at his camp office.Sub-inspector Shyam Lal Siddharth came in his office at around 1.30 pm to file his submission in an appeal filed by him against an order of the SP. The SP had penalized him for irregularities in investigation of a case of cow slaughtering in Sachendi police station. That case was registered in the year 2006.On September 1, 2008, Shyam Lal during his submission placed an envelope in which currency notes were filled and said he should be let off for his irregularity in investigation. He immediately called his PRO Sanjeev Katiyar and asked him to check the envelope. The PRO informed him that Rs 6,000 were in the envelope and their denomination was 10 notes of Rs 500 and 10 notes of Rs 100. Thereafter he had directed the S-I to lodge a complaint against S-I Shyam Lal Siddharth under the Anti-Corruption Act alleging that Siddharth was trying to grease his palm. The home secretary thereafter identified the envelope which was opened before the court and verified the denomination of notes.The defense counsel then grilled him in cross-examination and in all he spent around three hours in the court as a witness. According to the case file, S-I Shyam lal Siddharth was IO in a case of cow slaughter in 2006 that took place under the Sachendi police station. The then SP had issued a notice and ordered to deduct one month salary of Siddharth when he had found that the former had committed some irregularities.Shyam Lal had preferred a department appeal against that order and on September 1, 2008, he had come from Jhansi where he was posted. The court, after recording his statement and cross-examination, fixed next date as May 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973408", "title": "Cops record Vijay Palande sister\u2019s statement", "text": "MUMBAI: A police team visited Shirgaon, a village located around 13 km from Chiplun, and recorded the statement of one of Vijay Palande's sisters. She confirmed to the police that Palande and an accomplice visited her house on March 7.Palande and his aide Dhananjay Shinde visited Shirgaon after dumping the body of aspiring film producer, Karankumar Kakkar, in the Kumbharli ghat on March 6.The sister and her family members also told the cops that Palande visited her house in a BMW.Palande and Shinde allegedly killed Kakkar in his Oberoi Springs apartment on March 5. They chopped his body into pieces and left for Chiplun the next day, along with the body parts, in Kakkar's BMW. They dumped the body parts at various locations in the Kumbharli ghat before visiting Shirgaon.A source said after recording the sister's statement, the police inquired about the accused with other residents of Shirgaon. The villagers, too, confirmed that Palande and Shinde visited their place in the said vehicle. The police recorded the statements of some of the villagers and would discuss with legal experts if they could be made witnesses in the case.After visiting his sister, Palande left for Pune with his aide. Palande had requested his friend in Pune to keep the BMW in his society for a few days before he and Shinde returned to Mumbai. The police had already recorded the statement of the Pune resident.The police are covering the entire route from Mumbai to Chiplun to trace witnesses and record their statements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973379", "title": "Pedder Road residents object to every proposal: Films Division", "text": "MUMBAI: Don't give importance to Pedder Road residents, the Films Division of India told the Bombay high court on Wednesday.The remark was made during the hearing of a PIL by four housing societies opposing the construction of a museum on Indian cinema in the area.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing a plea filed by St Helen's Court, Sterling Apartment, Sett Minar and Ajoomal Mansion, saying the museum would cause hardships for residents of the area as \"1,200 visitors\" were expected daily. Their advocate, Jamshed Mistry, also argued that the proposed construction of a museum, an amphitheatre and basement parking violated Coastal Regulatory Zone (CRZ) norms and that no permissions had been obtained from the authorities concerned.Films Division counsel R V Desai and advocate Advait Sethna said the proposal for the museum was pending before the CRZ panel, but other permissions had been obtained. \"We are not building any museum at the moment. Work is going on for the basement parking,\" said Desai.The Films Division, said Desai, has existed for over 100 years on Pedder Road, adding that some people did not want anything close to their homes. \"These are the people who do not want even a flyover. Whenever there is a good proposal, somebody from Pedder Road comes and objects,\" said Desai. \"In a country like ours, why should Pedder Road be given importance?\"Mistry, however, said work on the basement parking had \"gone deep, right down to the water level\". This was denied by advocate Ashok Singh, who appeared for developer National Building Construction Corporation, adding that CRZ norms had not been violated either. \"While digging, you may have gone closer to the buildings,\" said Chief Justice Shah. But Singh said the digging area was over 10 m away from the buildings.Mistry urged that the petitioners be allowed to inspect the site. Chief Justice Shah said: \"Once you are satisfied that there is no damage, will you with draw the petition?\" Mistry replied: \"The petition is omnibus as there are several issues involved.\" Singh, meanwhile, submitted that the Films Division was considering building a garden in place of the amphitheatre. Adjourning the matter to May 7, Chief Justice Shah asked: \"How many people visit museums?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "amethi", "code": "12973665", "title": "Rahul Gandhi warns action against anti-party activities", "text": "AMETHI: Facing a barrage of complaints against local leaders, Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi has warned of expulsion of those who had harmed the party in UP assembly election.Continuing the review of party's debacle in the assembly election including its stronghold, Rahul said the organisation would be revamped and priority would be given to active, honest and dedicated workers.During the review of Jagdishpur segment on the last day of his three-day visit on Wednesday, Rahul Gandhi said workers were the backbone of the party and their voice would be heard. He said all development works in the district would be reviewed every three months and the basic problems related to power, potable water and roads would be resolved on a priority basis. Motivating the workers, the Congress MP asked them not to get discouraged and start preparing for 2014 Lok Sabha elections.The scene and complaints in Jagdishpur were similar to that in other assembly segments with the party workers complaining that they were not heard and development in rural areas was not as per the requirement. The workers also pointed out that common people have nowhere to go and not much has been done to deal with problems like unemployment.The workers also pointed out that common people have nowhere to go and that not much has been done to deal with problems like unemployment. They were particularly critical of some vested interests in the party who have been harassing them, party sources said.Meanwhile, farmers whose land had been acquired for setting up a shoe factory where Rahul was holding the meeting, stopped his cavalcade and complained that they had not yet been provided employment to which the Congress leader promised to do something on reaching Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "12976542", "title": "How is Samsung hurting Apple", "text": "SEOUL: Samsung Electronics regained the lead in smartphones from Apple in the first quarter of this year. One of its weapons: screens of many different sizes.Samsung sells at least 13 smartphones with screens ranging from 2.8 inches on the Replenish to 5.3 inches on the Galaxy Note. Apple, which has always believed in a limited number of models, offers only a 3.5-inch display on its two iPhones. Suwon, South Korea-based Samsung is testing the tablet market as well with a similar plan.The different strategies -- and the success of Samsung's -- has led analysts including London-based Neil Mawston at Strategy Analytics to speculate that Apple will have to expand its line at some point. Samsung also ended the 14-year reign of Nokia as the world's biggest maker of all kinds of phones in the last quarter.\"Samsung has long had a buckshot strategy for its mobile and portable hardware,\" Mawston said. \"Samsung fires out dozens of new models at high speed every year and hopes that one or more will eventually stick.\"The maker of the Galaxy range of phones sold 93.5 million handsets in the first quarter, 36 per cent more than a year earlier, Strategy Analytics said April 27. Nokia shipped 82.7 million, down 24 per cent, and Apple sold 35.1 million units, an 89 per cent increase from last year.Samsung sold 44.5 million smartphones in the three months ended in March, regaining the lead from Apple, according to the researcher's data. Smartphones let users watch video, send e- mails, play games and surf the Web.Product breadthSize is an important reason in choosing mobile devices after Google's free Android software became the biggest challenger to Apple's iOS in the $219 billion global smartphone market.\"What we're seeing here is, really, Samsung gaining share because of product breadth,\" said Mark Newman, a Hong Kong- based analyst for Sanford C Bernstein &amp; Co. \"They have all different price range for all different people.\"Samsung plans to unveil a successor to the Galaxy S II in London today.Last week, Asia's biggest consumer-electronics maker said first-quarter profit jumped 81 per cent to 5.05 trillion won ($4.5 billion) after earnings at the mobile business almost tripled. Chinese demand for the iPhone helped Apple boost its fiscal second-quarter profit 94 per cent.Samsung shares have gained 33 per cent this year in Seoul trading, while Apple has surged about 44 per cent in New York .Hybrid phone-tabletCritical to the surge in profit at Samsung was the Galaxy Note, a hybrid between a phone and tablet computer equipped with a stylus to manipulate programs, photographs and text on its screen. Since Note's debut in October, Samsung sold more than 5 million of them.Samsung said it expects to sell 10 million units by the end of this year and plans to introduce more pen-equipped products with different screen sizes.\"Screen size seems to be far more important than we originally anticipated,\" Daniel Kim , a Seoul-based analyst at Macquarie Group, said in a March 28 report. \"Once consumers are used to larger screens, few go back to screens smaller than four inches.\"Samsung counts Apple as its biggest client -- Apple accounted for 7.64 percent of Samsung's revenue, buying chips and displays, according to data compiled by Bloomberg -- even as the two companies have sued each other across four continents, with Apple accusing Samsung of \"slavishly copying\" its products.Natalie Kerris, a spokeswoman for Apple, declined to comment.'Market's needs'\"Our smartphone displays are designed to maximize the strengths of each device and reflect the market's needs,\" Chris Jung, a Seoul-based spokesman for Samsung, said in an e-mail.The multisize screen approach isn't playing out in the tablet market, where Apple dominated with 62 per cent of the market as of December 31, compared with Samsung's 9 per cent, according to estimates by IHS.Unlike its strategy for the iPod music players -- where Apple brought out the Nano, the Mini and the Shuffle after the original was introduced in 2001 -- the Cupertino , California- based company has followed a one-size display for its phones and tablets.iPhone, iPadThe iPhone, which debuted in 2007, featured the same 3.5- inch display screen as the latest iPhone 4S model, even as the resolution improved. Similarly, the iPad tablet computer has sported a 9.7-inch screen since then-Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs unveiled it in 2010, while the display quality subsequently sharpened.In contrast, Samsung's first Galaxy Tab tablet device was introduced in 2010 with a 7.7-inch screen, while Waterloo, Ontario-based Research In Motion Ltd unveiled its PlayBook with a 7-inch display.In addition to the 7.7-inch model, Samsung sells the Galaxy in the US with displays of 7 inches, 8.9 inches and 10.1 inches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973156", "title": "BJP gets past magic figure in South Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP managed to beat its opponents in the numbers game in South Delhi Municipal Corporation with the party's mayoral candidate, Savita Gupta, winning by 20 votes on Wednesday.The party needed the support of 14 councillors to prove its majority in the House. It ended up with six extra votes. BJP was able to strike a deal with BSP, Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) besides getting support from 12 councillors, mostly independents.With INLD candidate Seema Pandit withdrawing her nomination for the post of mayor, the fight was between Gupta and NCP candidate Phool Kali, who got 46 votes. The NCP candidate didn't get two important votes, as of the five members of Parliament two - Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit's son Sandeep and Ramesh Kumar - didn't attend the meeting. Rajya Sabha MP Parvez Hashmi had to wait for nearly 45 minutes to cast his vote as BJP councillors demanded his residence proof.\"As per the DMC Act, an MP can vote only if he is an elector. The issue was raised by several councillors so we had to ascertain whether his name existed in the voters list. Once it was verified, we allowed him to vote,\" said Subhash Arya, who was appointed as the presiding officer for the ceremony by lieutenant governor Tejindra Khanna.BJP got five BSP votes as it managed to get INLD candidate Kishan Pahelwan withdraw his nomination for the post of deputy mayor. Sources say BJP is likely to make Pahelwan the chairman of works committee, which deals with engineering and building-related projects. The election of BSP candidate Bir Singh as the deputy mayor was criticized by Congress.Accusing BJP of double standards, leader of the opposition Farhad Suri said. \"During municipal elections, BJP targeted us for delay in regularization of unauthorized colonies. But today they have supported a person (Bir Singh), who along with his family members stands accused in a land grabbing case. Moreover, BJP has missed a chance to connect with scheduled castes and minorities in the city by not appointing a single mayor from these communities.\"With 50% women representation, some of the first-time councillors were not audible as they took oath of office. Some were asked to take the oath again. Ravi Kalsi, Congress councillor from Kasturba Nagar, in his oath, said, \"I will not indulge in corrupt practices like BJP's senior leader Bangaru Laxman.\"There was uproar in the house as his oath was not accepted by Arya. BJP supporters, who occupied the balcony of the hall, raised slogans against Congress protesting against their alleged role in the CWG scam.South Delhi Municipal Corporation has a mix of youth and experience with its councillors ranging from 22 years to 71 years of age. Many of them took oath in Sanskrit, Tamil and Urdu.Six standing committee members were elected - Farhad Suri, Simmi Jain, Rajesh Gehlot, Tilotma Chaudhary, Anil Sharma and A Naagrajan. Rajesh Gehlot was nominated as the chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12971875", "title": "Srikanth leads Indian upsurge at Johor Bahru", "text": "HYDERABAD: Budding shuttler K Srikanth produced the biggest upset of the day when he knocked out Malaysian national champion Mohd Arif Abdul Latif 21-14, 21-12 in the first round of the Malaysia Open Grand Prix Gold in Johor Bahru on Wednesday. The 19-year-old took just 28 minutes to outwit Latif.Capitalising on the absence of top players, five of the seven Indians advanced to the second round in men's singles. Joining Srikanth were HS Prannoy, B Sai Praneeth, Anand Pawar, who all registered first round victories, and national champion Sourabh Verma who got a first round bye.Prannoy downed Kien Hiung Chong of Malaysia 21-10, 21-15; Anand Pawar drubbed Indonesia's Andre Marteen 21-13, 21-15 and Sai Praneeth secured a hard fought 24-22, 18-21, 21-16 victory over Wisnu Yuli Prasetyo of Indonesia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12981260", "title": "My kids rebel against pop music: Fatboy Slim", "text": "There's nothing regular about Norman Cook, better known as Fatboy Slim. He's formed and/or been part of six bands, and he can play the drums, the guitar and sing as well. The British DJ, composer and singer is set to perform at Huda Grounds in Gurgaon tomorrow, and he opens up to DT about his other passions we didn't know about.On the EDM scene in India and the larger influence of BollywoodObviously, I have been aware of the scene in Goa for many years, but musically, it was always about trance, which isn't my scene. I've only just heard about the electronic dance boom so here I am, possibly late but ready and willing!I think you (India) should be proud to have a thriving domestic music industry based on your own culture. Not everybody can say that. So many countries just import American or English pop music and local musicians cannot make a living. Viva Bollywood!On possible collaborations with Indian artistesI figure I have been invited because of what I do best, so I will come with that idea. Having said that, if I meet people along the way or am inspired by local music, then who knows? I don't want to just throw in a sitar sample as a token!On dealing with a different audienceI have played in countries in the past where the dance culture didn't really connect with their culture (China and the Arab Emirates were a struggle, for instance). Equally, though, I've been to places like Taiwan, where we didn't think it would translate, and everybody went nuts! I'm hoping I will connect (here) but you can take nothing for granted.On being a doting dad and having his kids rebel against popI think I'm an adequate dad. My job means that I can't be there 100% of the time, but they are used to it and are growing up happy and well balanced, I think. I'm not encouraging them to be musicians, and they don't seem that interested. I suppose part of pop music is about rebelling against your parents,so they rebel by ignoring it!On dealing with the pressure of being a well-known publicfigureI have no problems travelling or living in England. The only people who recognize me are the people who like me, so it's (being mobbed or dealing with fans) not a bother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12977048", "title": "Obama's campaign to spend $780,000 on 'anti-India ad'", "text": "WASHINGTON: The Obama Campaign in a new ad has accused presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney of outsourcing jobs to India when he was the Massachusetts Governor.\"What about Mitt Romney? As a corporate CEO, he shipped American jobs to places like Mexico and China. As governor, he outsourced state jobs to a call center in India. He's still pushing tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas,\" said the advertisement which will run in the key States of Virginia , Ohio and Iowa .\"It's just what you'd expect from a guy who had a Swiss Bank account,\" says the advertisement which is approved by President Barack Obama , who is seeking his reelection this November.The Obama Campaign is believed to be spending about $780,000 on running this ad in these key States, reports said.The Indian IT software and services companies get about 60 per cent of their revenues from the US market, as American firms outsource their back office jobs to India and other countries to cut cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972880", "title": "Borivli gangrape: Mumbai police yet to trace third accused", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are yet to trace the third person involved in the rape of a 22-year-old housewife in her Borivli (W) home on Monday. Cops said they had searched for him at various locations in the city. Police sources added that four witnesses have come forward to give their statements in connection with the case. The victim initially screamed for the help but the accused threatened to kill her husband if she protested.The witnesses told the police that they didn't rescue the victim out of fear. \"We recorded the statement of four witnesses in the case\" said Suresh Kilje, senior police inspector of MHB Colony police station.The accused had raped the victim in the presence of her husband after threatening him with a knife at Ganpatpatil Nagar slum on Monday night. The police arrested two accused, Jitu Nagin (25) and Sunny Singh (23), in the case. Nagin had past criminal record said the police.The victim told the police that on Saturday the accused were peeing in her house and she had an argument with them. The accused used to pass lewd comment on the victim since long but she had never reported it to the police. She had discussed the issue with her husband and the couple had decided to shift to new location. They were searching for new accommodation since last few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12971706", "title": "Noida-based techie's tweet wins $36,000 MBA seat in US", "text": "MUMBAI: In the age of Twitter, where 140 characters can earn you millions of followers, a 25-year-old Noida-based engineer won something rather more substantial. Rahul Rathi (@Rathirahul86), a technical associate with Tech Mahindra , got himself an MBA seat valued at $36,400 in a US-based college after he participated in an 'International Tweet Competition' organized by the University of Iowa's Tippie School of Management (TSM). The question he had to answer was: \"What makes you an exceptional Tippie full-time MBA candidate and future MBA hire?\"Rathi's tweet was, \"In an age where packaging is as imp as content, I present me in a manner that makes me stand out from the crowd.\" The link provided was to his blog, which had a tetrapack (the 'packaging' referred to in his tweet) on which the 'ingredients' list included leadership, decision-making, problem solving and team-playing skills.The youngster's creativity impressed the panel of judges, which comprised TSM staff and current students. \"He chose to keep it simple while communicating his points effectively. We appreciated that,\" said one judge.Rathi, who applied to over 10 colleges in the last year, is now set to study at TSM this fall. He is the only international winner of the contest, which was announced last year and encouraged the use of links in tweets that could lead the admissions committee to a personal blog, a YouTube video or a webpage they had designed.Interestingly, though applications to the university could also be sent in traditional essay-type formats, 30 per cent of the international candidates applied using the tweet-style format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12972367", "title": "Sealing drive losing momentum", "text": "NOIDA: Targeting Sector 33 for its sealing drive, the Noida Authority on Wednesday continued its crackdown against misuse of land norms. However, the sealing squad inspected just one location in the sector and did not seal any property as no allottee was found misusing their premises for unauthorized commercial activity. An earlier survey of the area had reported 11 properties for conducting non-sanctioned activities from residential properties.On Wednesday, the enforcement officials accompanied by heavy security personnel reached Sector 33 around noon to start the operation against building bylaw violations. Their first and only stop was C-59, where the property owner had been running a placement agency. \"This allottee was conducting unauthorized commercial activity and our inspection teams had shortlisted the plot owner for the sealing process,\" said Rajesh Prakash, administrative officer of Noida. \"We have not sealed this property as we found that the owner had shut down all operations and also cleared the area of all commercial activity,\" Prakash said.During an earlier survey of the sector, the Authority had determined that of the 11 properties conducting unauthorized commercial activity from non-conforming areas, 4 were clinics, 4 were identified as paying guest accommodations, 2 were banks and one was a recruitment company. Authority officials had also met with RWA representatives during the week, seeking their assistance in getting the residents to shut down their illegal operations on their own. \"Since the survey had shown that clinics, banks and PGs were operating in the sector, these were spared,\" Prakash said.The officer also informed that they had sent out fresh notices to 60 unauthorized nursing homes in the city. Taking a tough stance against all violators of land use, the Authority has instructed its enforcement department that all allottees who have received notices for shutting down operations from the Authority, be fined one percent of the current sector allotment land rates as penalty. \"We have sent out notices to shut shop, immediately. If these property owners fail to pay up, their lease deeds will be cancelled,\" said Prakash. The officials have also warned that allottees whose premises have so far been sealed will be faced with lease deed cancellation of their premises and charged five percent of the prevalent sector land rates as restoration of their lease deeds.Further, the Noida Authority has again warned people \"misusing\" their residential properties for commercial use, to close down their operations as soon as possible in order to escape the consequences of the sealing operation. \"Our next sealing destination on May 9 is sector 34,\" said Prakash.Meanwhile, accepting the petition of Noida Residents' Commercial Struggle Committee, the Gautam Budh Nagar district court will hear their petition on May 8 over the sealing issue. The committee's president Ghanshyam Chauhan has strongly opposed the ongoing sealing drive and requested the court to put a stay over it immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973435", "title": "Sushma Uday clinches carom title", "text": "BHOPAL: Sushma Uday lifted women's title of the IES inter-bank carom tournament, organised in the city on Wednesday. Final of the men's category will be organized on Thursday.In the title round, Sushma of the RBI was in the dominating position from the word go. Grabbing the first game 12-0 against NABARD's Pushplata, the RBI contestant sent her message of winning the title. Such was Sushma's dominance against her opponent that she conceded only two points. She grabbed the title with 8-2 in the second game. Earlier, Sushma defeated NABARD's Vishakha 8-5 and 16-0 in the semi-final.The absorbing contest witnessed in the men's category where round of last 16 was played. NABARD's Sri Ram Aiyyar and Arvind Dhuliya of the RBI demonstrated splendid skills on the board. The match began in the favour of Arvind after he took the first game 13-06. However, he failed to maintain the rhythm in next part of the game.Bouncing back in the match, Ram turned the tide with a thumping 10-01 win in the second game. Levelling the score 1-1, Arvind dominated the third game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12974183", "title": "Work to begin on Puliyakulam main road", "text": "COIMBATORE: City motorists will have to brace themselves for traffic diversions on the arterial Puliyakulam main road, linking the busy traffic junctions at Ramanathapuram and Lakshmi Mill, as the city corporation is soon going to begin the under ground drainage (UGD) works in the coming days.The pipelines to be used have already been unloaded along the roadside and the work is expected to begin soon. Corporation officials along with traffic police will chalk out alternate routes for traffic along this stretch before the work commences. Meanwhile, a final clearance from the highways department is also awaited by the civic body before trenches are dug on the road.\"Being one of the busiest roads in the city, the UGD works will be taken up and completed at the earliest with minimum inconvenience to the public. Traffic diversion will have to be worked out as the road will be closed once we commence the work,\" said a senior corporation official.The drainage works on the route is part of the second package of the UGD scheme being executed by Hyderabad based Southern Engineering Works (SEW) firm as part of the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) project. Corporation officials will decide whether the work has to be carried out in phases or completed in one go after consulting with traffic officials.\"Corporation officials have not yet approached us. Usually, whenever work is undertaken on major routes in the city, we draw a plan and decide on the alternate traffic routes to be put in place, if required,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police (Traffic), Coimbatore.According to officials involved in the project, pipelines will be laid for a distance of about three kilometres from Lakshmi Mills signal towards Nanjundapuram. The work is expected to last at least a month from the date of commencement.Due to drainage connections already installed on one side of the road, work will be taken up on the left side of the centre median, (while proceeding towards Ramanathapuram from Lakshmi Mill signal). Vehicles proceeding towards Ramanathapuram might have to be diverted through the Circuit House -Redfields- Sungam-Ramanathapuram route.\"One load of pipes has been unloaded for the works. I have asked for more details regarding the execution of work in the area,\" said B Ganeshan, councillor, ward no 70.The corporation has come under severe criticism for its haphazard execution of the UGD project across the city. Residents and motorists using the road on a regular basis were apprehensive about the state of the road once the UGD works get started.\"The work has to be carried out efficiently, and completed at the earliest. It should not be similar to the UGD works the corporation had undertaken on inner routes, creating major inconveniences for the public,\" said G Jagadeeshwaran, a shopkeeper on Puliyakulam road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973822", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad gears up to clean Pavana riverbedfrom Pavana riverbed", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad municipal corporation will serve a one-month notice to people who have encroached upon the Pavana riverbed.Additional municipal commissioner Prakash Kadam and his team inspected the river bank near Ravet bridge, Chinchwad-Kalewadi bridge and Pimpri-Kalewadi bridge on Monday. Kadam said, \"If the people responsible fail to act in a month's time, the civic body will remove all the encroachments. Houses came up on the riverbed and debris are being dumped because there is no proper demarcation of the river and its adjoining areas.\"An assessment of areas along the Pavana in Pimple Gurav, Kalewadi, and Dapodi will be done soon.Encroachments are rampant along the Pavana river for long. Small plots have been created for sale along the Chinchwad-Ravet road and Ravet-Punawale bridge by putting up fenced compounds.Tinsheet fencing has been erected for a housing complex project near the bridge that links Thergaon to Chinchwadgaon. Debris were found dumped over a vast area along the riverbed near Chinchwad- Kalewadi bridge. Slums have encroached a vast stretch of the riverbed in Pimpri. The situation in Kalewadi is equally bad.A road, a temple and a school have come up on the riverbed in Pimple Gurav.Kadam said that the health department and executive engineers of the four zones of the city will be directed to regularly inspect the riverbed and take action against encroachments.Pavana river is the lifeline of Pimpri Chinchwad city because it is the only source of drinking water for a population of 17.5 lakh people. The river enters the municipal limits at Ravet from where its water is lifted for processing. The deterioration begins after Ravet due to release of domestic and industrial effluents.Vikas Patil, president of the Pavana Sudhar Manch, said, \"The river area is not demarcated so people undertake constructions in the riverbed. Dumping and unauthorised constructions are reducing the open area available for the flow of Pavana, which may become a cause for flooding if it rains heavy. Besides, all crematoriums along Pavana are located in the riverbed.\" Old gaothan areas as well as heavily populated areas in the city in Pimpri, Chinchwad, Kalewadi, Thergaon, Pimple Gurav, Sangvi, Dapodi and other villages are located along the Pavana river. These areas will be worst affected\". Encroachments in the riverbed of Mithi river in Mumbai and Ram river in Pune had caused flooding in the recent past. Such flooding may occur due to encroachments in Pavana river bed in Pimpri Chinchwad city too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974684", "title": "A year on, new building for Lady Goschen Hospital a mirage", "text": "MANGALORE: It's been over a year since the government demolished a portion of the 162-year-old Government Lady Goschen Hospital to construct a new multi-storey building. Andhra Pradesh-based entrepreneur K Raghava Naidu had offered to donate Rs 18 crore for the construction. However, even after a year, not even the foundation work has been started and poor patients are being put to hardships because of lack of space in the existing building of the hospital.The government is now contemplating on finding alternative resources to construct a seven-storied building with 500-bed capacity.Raghava had expressed his desire to develop the Lady Goschen hospital in memory of his daughter KR Keerthi. Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa had laid the foundation stone on April 17, 2011.Deputy speaker N Yogish Bhat, who facilitated the foundation-laying ceremony, told TOI that the work was deferred because of inordinate delay in the demolition work.\"Raghava has visited the city four times and promised to donate the money. Since the demolition work was not over when he visited the city, he did not release the amount. In the mean time, we also started looking out for alternative income sources. The construction work of the 1,60,000 sqft building will be taken up within two months,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "12974267", "title": "Thazhathangady Road: More piling of side wall needed, expert says", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The new design for the reconstruction of the side wall and the road which caved in at Thazhathangady requires piling of the side wall from a depth of 38m, reveals the proposal prepared by Dr S Sreekumar, Department of Civil Engineering, College of Engineering, Thiruvananthapuram.According to the report, the piles have to be connected and capped. On top of the pile cap the side wall can be constructed. To protect this side wall, coconut piling has to be done in the river near the side wall and rubbles will have to be dumped here as per the proposal.The report also proposes reinstating the supporting wall (pulimuttu) to protect river bank from erosion. It stresses the importance of the progress of the side wall and road construction simultaneously.PWD and Irrigation Department are expected to submit their proposal regarding the new design on Thursday. Regarding the portion of the road which caved in, the report proposed coconut piling from a depth where hard surface is found.The piling for the side wall is a costly affair and requires more time, say experts. The machinery has to be brought to this place and pile has to made into a cast. Piling will be done at a distance of 2.5-3.0 meters for a distance of 100m. That will be more than 50 piles and at least two months is required for the completion of this work, says an expert.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan will be soon calling a meeting which will be attended by the officials of both PWD and Irrigation Departments to chart out a plan for the completion of the work before rains start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12974866", "title": "Mysore Medical college, govt lock horns over shifting bus stand", "text": "MYSORE: The city bus stand abutting the Mysore Palace, which was renovated under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) spending Rs 13 crore three years ago, has become a bone of contention between the government and the Mysore Medical College (MMC).There was opposition from the heritage and archaeology department for its construction as the bus stand is located close to the palace and is leading to congestion. Transport and Home minister R Ashok is expected to inspect JK Grounds on May 6.The move to shift it to JK Grounds next to the railway station, which is the sports ground of the Mysore Medical College, has invited the wrath of the Mysore Medical College Alumni Association.Association president Dr Harish on Wednesday said the J K Grounds was the exclusive property of the Mysore Medical College validated through a government order.\"If they still go ahead with the plan to construct the city bus stand, it will be a violation of the court order. A government order has concluded the grounds as part of the MMC, while the play ground remains with the college since 1924,\" Harish claimed.He also took a dig at district in-charge and medical education minister S A Ramadas for supporting the move to shift the bus stand.As per the Medical Council of India rules, a medical college must compulsorily have a sports ground for recognition. The government's proposed move might strip the MMC of its recognition. The plan to turn JK Grounds into a bus station has been broached several times earlier and the arguments in its favour have always been the same, he said and added that they will approach the court if needed.He pointed out that the GK Grounds is a stone's throw away from KR Hospital, Cheluvamba Hospital and Veterinary Hospital. Inmates of these hospitals need a tranquil atmosphere and pollution-free environment. Building a bus station at JK Grounds will only lead to congestion and there will be no lung space if it is turned to a bus stand, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972656", "title": "Don't marry if you cannot maintain a wife: HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Don't marry if you cannot maintain a wife, the Bombay high court on Wednesday told an art director while hearing his appeal against the family court's order rejecting his divorce plea.On February 28, 2011, the family court also directed Malad resident Deepak (30), who works in the television industry, to pay a monthly maintenance of Rs 6,000 to his wife Deepa (32).Deepa's advocate informed a division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Anoop Mohta that despite an earlier order to pay maintenance arrears of Rs 2.76 lakh, Deepak has not paid up. He said Deepak is simultaneously working on four serials being aired on four channels. Deepak's advocate said he is not earning as well as before. \"A channel has shut down and a serial has ended,\" she said, adding that Deepak is just an assistant art director now.The judges observed that post-marriage a husband cannot take the defence that it is not possible for him to look after his wife.\"Then don't get married. A husband cannot say 'I am poor' after marriage. You have no business to say so,\" said Justice Majmudar.The couple married on September 30, 2005. On May 4, 2006, Deepa left her matrimonial home. In his appeal, Deepak said Deepa refused to return despite several attempts to get her back. In 2008, he filed for divorce under the Hindu Marriage Act before the family court.Deepak's advocate said Deepa wants a settlement of Rs 10 lakh. \"She is willing to reside with you. You don't want to keep her. You have to pay her,\" said Justice Majmudar.Deepak's advocate told the court that he does not want her back. \"She sold their engagement ring and doubted him of having affairs. There is no affection leftt. They have been living apart since seven years,\" she added. Said Justice Majmudar, \"You married a film person (sic). Risk is always there. You must understand their life is different.''Directing Deepak to first deposit the arrears, the judges adjourned the hearing of the appeal.(Names have been changed)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12974733", "title": "Algae to help astronauts breathe easy in space", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese space scientists believe that algae could provide enough oxygen for astronauts in long space missions, after a snail survived a 17 day mission in one of the space crafts last year.An experiment, involving two types of algae and three snails, was conducted in the Shenzhou VIII spacecraft which orbited earth for 17 days in November last year.One of the snails survived in a designed micro-ecosystem, signalling preliminary success for the experiment, Liu Yongding, the experiment's designer, said.Scientists at the Hydrology institute of China developed a system that sees 1.5 cubic metres of algae produce enough oxygen for a man, weighing 70kg, to survive in an enclosed space for a day. However, the role of gravity is still to be determined.Astronauts currently rely on oxygen in canisters while food is stored on board or delivered by cargo spacecraft.But if human beings are to explore Mars or other planets, with missions spanning months or years, then oxygen must be generated through biotechnology, Lius said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973824", "title": "Tata Consultancy Services' subsidiary CMC to set up new facility in Rajarhat SEZ", "text": "KOLKATA: Though IT biggie Infosys has put its Bengal project on hold and Wipro is still not disclosing its plans for the second campus in the city, Tata Consultancy Services' subsidiary CMC Ltd is all set to expand its facility in the city, in the existing SEZ of DLF in Rajarhat.\"The new unit will take care of software solutions and ITES service delivery to our international clients,\" a company source said. According to sources, the total capacity of the unit is around 300 seats on a single shift basis. Going by the thumb rule in any IT set up, space required per employee is 100 square feet. So the total space in this case must be between 25,000-30,000 square feet.CMC is a systems engineering and integration company which offers application design, development, testing services and asset-based solutions in niche segments through turnkey projects of national importance.The company has also been expanding its service presence in international markets, offering off-shoring advantages and delivering value through service level-based and project scope-based deliveries.\"CMC has been present in Kolkata for a long time. Kolkata houses the company's eastern regional office from where we provide a wide range of IT/ITES services, including E&T; (engineering and technology) services,\" the source said.Asked about the investment, the source said: \"The investment will be made only in IT equipment as the premise is owned by DLF special economic zone and CMC is a unit holder on rent.\"Unlike the two IT giants Infosys and Wipro which are facing hurdles attaining SEZ status as the state government is in-principle against SEZs, CMC's journey was smoother. \"We have set up a unit in an SEZ developed and owned by DLF. There is no new construction required for this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12973001", "title": "High court raps police for failure to find missing woman", "text": "JODHPUR: Criticising the state police for its failure in finding a missing woman and her daughter even after 9 months, the Rajasthan High Court on Wednesday asked the DGP to produce them before the court on May 29. The court was hearing a habeas corpus petition filed by the husband of the missing woman. The court also ordered the DGP to put before the court, the structure of the newly set up Civil Rights Cell of the state police and also the details as to how it will function.According to the petitioner, Chela Ram, his wife Kamala Devi and her daughter Priyanka (2 years) were allegedly abducted by one Bhala Ram. He had filed a 'man-missing' report at Sindhari police station in Barmer district on July 27, 2011. When the police failed to trace her despite his repeated requests and memoranda, Chela Ram filed a habeas corpus petition in the high court and the court summoned the DGP on Wednesday.A division bench comprising Justice Dinesh Maheshwari and Justice N K Jain asked DGP Harish Meena as to why the police did not show a will to solve such cases in general and why the police were not able to find the missing mother-daughter even after 9 months.Upon this, the DGP Meena sought a time of one month to produce the mother-daughter before the court and also apprised the court of setting up a new Civil Rights Cell to deal with such cases along with those related to women and SC/ST categories, which will be headed by an ADGP-rank officer. The court, acceding to the assurance of the DGP, listed the petition for hearing on May 29 and also ordered him to provide complete details of the cell with a direction to appear the ADGP of the cell in the court on the date of hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12972833", "title": "Tigers take lion\u2019s share in wildlife bill", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There are more than 1,700 tigers in the country today. In contrast, there are just 411 Asiatic Lions, all of them in Gujarat. And yet the proposed Wildlife (Protection) Amendment Bill of the Union government maintains a deathly silence on lion preservation in the country.The draft of the bill, uploaded on the Union forest and environment ministry's website for comments, does not mention the pride of Gujarat even once while there are elaborate provisions for tiger protection. This has left many wondering if this is plain oversight, or there are other reasons for the ministry hearing the tiger's roar and turning a deaf ear to the lion's.For the record , the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed both the Asiatic Lion and the Indian tiger under the same category - endangered species. While Gujarat is the only home of the lion limiting its gene pool spread , the tiger is found in 17 states of the country.Section 51 (e) of the bill says hunting in a tiger reserve or altering its boundaries would invite punishment of up to seven years with a fine that can go up to Rs 30 lakh. For all other Schedule I protected animals (lions included), it is five years and a fine of up to Rs 25 lakh.Upset forest officials in Gujarat say the Central government seems to have forgotten that eight lions were killed by poachers only in 2007. They point to the statement of reasons for bringing the amended Act, which reads, \"Leg hold traps are the main method used by organized poachers to bring down animals like the tiger and the leopard.\" The authors of the bill conveniently forgot that lions were killed in 2007 using the same traps.A senior Gujarat officer said, \"Gujarat has successfully cared for lions, but one needs strong legislation as back-up.\"Lion expert Ravi Chellam says, \"Because of the Centre's focus on tigers, many other animals and birds, including lions, have not got the attention they deserve. There is an urgent need for a detailed stuffy of all wildlife in the country.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974248", "title": "Cochin branch of SBI turns 150", "text": "KOCHI: The uniforms of guards have changed and they no longer brandish their swords as they used to, a century and a half ago. But still, the cash chest and locker of State Bank of India's (SBI) 'Cochin branch' at Fort Kochi has the same old steel doors imported from Britain. The branch, which started functioning on May 1, 1862, celebrated its 150th anniversary on Wednesday.\"The branch has been catering to the entire business community of central Kerala, and maintaining the accounts of exclusive clientele, including those of the ruling family of the erstwhile Cochin kingdom,\" wrote SBI chief general manager V Murali in the anniversary special issue of Keralam, the in-house magazine of the bank. Murali inaugurated the anniversary functions of the branch on Wednesday.Cochin Branch was originally started by the Bank of Madras, which later became the Imperial Bank of India in 1921, and finally, the State Bank of India in July 1955. To celebrate the momentous occasion, a heritage gallery that showcases old documents and photos of the branch was opened.The gallery displays the sales deed of the Kalvathy plot, which was bought in 1919 after relocating from near the parade ground in Fort Kochi.\"We have kept the bank's old ledgers and two swords used by our guards in our gallery,\" said branch manager V Jayakumar. The other four swords were shifted to the archives and museum of SBI in Kolkata a few years ago. The manual lift, used to transfer the heavy ledgers between two floors, is rusty and rests in a corner of the building.It appears that time has taken its toll on the fortunes of the branch too. The business, which peaked in the 1980s and 1990s, is dwindling now.\"Till 10 or 15 years ago, our branch had business of Rs 300 crore and staff strength of 200,\" Jayakumar said. Now the number of employees has come down to 26, and total business fell to Rs 70 crore last fiscal year. However, Aspinwall, an early corporate client, continues to maintain an account with the Cochin branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "12973993", "title": "May 31 deadline for Goa-Belgaum road via Chorla", "text": "KERI: The long-awaited road from Chorla Ghat to Belgaum is expected to be ready soon, with Umesh Katti, district incharge minister for Belgaum, on Tuesday issuing directives to PWD officials and the contractor to complete the road by May 31.With the completition of this road, the distance between Goa and Belgaum will be around 120km. Work on the road began in 1979. Belgaum, from Goa via Anmod Ghat is 155km and hence there was a big demand for the road to be completed as soon as possible. But many hurdles made it difficult to complete the road earlier.Umesh Katti, during his visit to Chorla, issued directives to complete the road by May 31. Presently, about 10km from the border of Surla to Chorla-Goa border is expected to be completed soon. The minister has urged the contractor to complete the unfinished work of bridges and culverts at the earliest.Improvements on the existing 50.10km-long road stretch from Peeranwadi to Goa border, were planned in 2007. But objections raised by the deputy conservator of forests, Belgaum division, made it difficult to complete the road on time. As large numbers of trees were required to be felled from private, government and forests land, the deputy conservator of forests had asked the Karnataka road development corporation ltd (KRDCL) to take required sanctions from the government in February 2008.Finally in April 2011 the KRDCL succeeded in obtaining the sanctions to start the road. As a result the Peeranwadi to Kusmali road was completed two years ago. KRDCL has also successfully removed the sharp curve on the road near the Chorves rivulet. This road passes through the reserved forest areas of Belgaum district and through the Mhadei Wildlife Sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "12971776", "title": "Ongole by-election: Congress banks on Magunta\u2019s reputation", "text": "ONGOLE: An interesting battle is on the cards following the re-entry of former MP Magunta Parvathamma into active politics. The Congress high command has cleared Parvathamma's name to contest against local strongman Balineni Srinivasa Reddy of the YSR Congress from the Ongole by-election.Sources said there were serious differences within the Magunta family over Parvathamma's decision to re-enter politics but her brother-in-law and sitting MP Srinivasulu Reddy was forced to accept her candidature following the high command's intervention. Parvathamma was elected to Lok Sabha in 1996 after her husband Magunta Subbaramireddy was shot dead by naxalites in 1995. The family disputes pushed her into oblivion and Srinivasulu Reddy contested the subsequent elections. She got another chance to play an active role in politics when she got elected to the assembly from Kavali in Nellore district. However, she withdrew from public life in 2009 citing old age.Insiders in the Congress said the high command felt that Parvathamma's candidature would help the party cut into the strong Reddy vote base as well as other communities as Ongole is considered a bastion of the Magunta family, which has been winning the seat since 1991. But Srinivasulu Reddy was not convinced and held several rounds of meetings within the family to prevail upon Parvathamma not to accept the party's offer. \"He feared that her defeat would not only damage the family's 'unblemished' reputation but impact his winning chances in the next general elections,\" party insiders said.Sources said party seniors contacted her directly and got her nod to contest the election against Balineni much to the chagrin of Srinivasula Reddy. Meanwhile, Kapu leaders expressed their displeasure for not considering any leader from their community. Ongole constituency has a sizeable Kapu population as well. To take advantage of the situation, the YSR Congress has sent Vijayawada Kapu strongman Vangaveeti Radhakrishna to campaign for the by-election. District party president Damacharla Janardhan is TDP nominee from Ongole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12974156", "title": "Rare Lotus Sutra opens to public", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Gilgit Lotus Sutra Manuscripts, discovered by cattle grazers in Gilgit in a Buddhist stupa in 1931, are set to be released in a facsimile edition in New Delhi on Thursday.The rare manuscripts, housed with the National Archives of India, date back to 5th-6th century AD and are perhaps the only body of Buddhist manuscripts discovered in India. This is not just the oldest surviving manuscript collection in India but also one of the oldest manuscripts in the world.The facsimile edition of the manuscripts, discovered in three stages in 1931, is the exact replica published in the form of a book designed to reach wider readership.The first set of the Gilgit Lotus Sutra Manuscripts was found in a wooden box inside a circular chamber of a Buddhist stupa in Gilgit in 1931, now in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. Sources at the National Archives informed that the ancient manuscripts had managed to survive for centuries due to two vital reasons - the near-zero temperatures of the region and the fact that the manuscripts were written on the bark of the Bhoj (birch) tree that does not decay. Upon discovery, the manuscripts were sent to Srinagar where the reputed British archaeologist Sir Aurel Stein - knighted for his discovery of rare Buddhist manuscripts at the Mogao Caves near Dunhuang in China in 1907 - studied them and announced the big find to the world.The Lotus Sutra is one of the most revered scriptures of the Mahayana Buddhism and represents the discourse delivered by the Buddha towards the end of his life. The sutra was originally written in the Buddhist form of Sanskrit in the Sharada script and known by its Sanskrit title, Saddharma Pundarika Sutra, which when translated in English means 'Sutra of the White Lotus of the Sublime Dharma'. It is popularly referred to as the Lotus Sutra and was first translated from Sanskrit to Chinese by scholar Zhu Fahu (Dharmaraksha) in 286 CE. It is one of the most important texts discovered in the corpus of Gilgit manuscripts. All the texts in the Gilgit corpus throw significant light on the evolution of Sanskrit, Chinese, Korean, Japanese and Tibetan literature.In 2006, the Gilgit manuscripts were unsuccessfully nominated for inclusion in the Unesco Memory of the World register.The facsimile edition releasing on Thursday is the result of a joint project between the National Archives of India, Institute of Oriental Philosophy and Soka Gakkai, the UN-recognized NGO working for the spread of the Lotus Sutra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12975024", "title": "Goods train hits man at Vishwamitri railway station", "text": "VADODARA: A 22-year-old man died while trying to cross the railway tracks near Vishwamitri on Tuesday evening. The deceased has been identified as Minesh Shah, resident of Raopura. According to Government Railway Police (GRP), Shah was trying to cross the railway tracks near Vishwamitri railway station when a goods train hit him.Shah had come to railway station to drop his friend. \"He tried to cross the tracks but the speeding train hit him. It is not a case of suicide. The train driver, too, said that Shah got hit by the train while trying to cross the track,\" said assistant sub-inspector GRP Arjun Ishwarbhai. Shah was a student of diploma engineering.The cops had earlier suspected it to be a suicide case, but the boy's father told them that Shah didn't have any problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12977380", "title": "FIR against former BSP minister for duping young cricketers", "text": "LUCKNOW: An FIR was today registered against former BSP minister Lalji Verma and two others for allegedly duping young cricketers of several lakh of rupees.Besides Verma, the FIR was lodged against Syed Mohammand Hussain Rizvi and Laxmikant by the players, police said.The players alleged that they were told by the organisers of the UP Twenty20 cricket league that the event was being held by the state government and was also affiliated to the UP Cricket Association.The players had allegedly given about Rs 2.4 lakh to the organisers to participate in the tournament but when they reached Lucknow they found that they were duped.The players were also told that they have been selected for a tournament in England.According to the players, Verma was the patron of the organising committee.The FIR was registered after the players handed over an application at the 'Janta Darshan' programme of Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav yesterday.The players also alleged that local police was trying to hush up the case and the FIR was registered only after they went to the Janta Darshan programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972783", "title": "Lok Sabha MPs hit back at civil society leaders, sadhus", "text": "NEW DELHI: In what appeared to be an attack on Baba Ramdev, Lok Sabha members slammed civil society leaders and sadhus attacking MPs and Parliament in public meetings as dacoits and evil.Raising the issue during Zero Hour in Lok Sabha, Samajwadi Party MP Shailendra Kumar said there were people who were using public functions to malign Parliament and its members.He said such people should be probed for source of money their mutts were getting. It appeared a direct reference to Baba Ramdev, the yoga guru, who seems to be eager to hog the headlines by attacking the parliament. There was disquiet among parliamentarians over the fresh attack, this time the yoga guru joining Arvind Kejriwal in using choicest epithets like rapists and evil for MPs.Leaders felt such offenders should be called to Parliament and asked to apologize, with a privileges notice being talked about among MPs. It was not clear if the notice was moved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974845", "title": "Training on food standards act", "text": "MANGALORE: The Kanara Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) will organizing a half-day training programme on Food Safety and Standards Act, 2006 at the meeting hall of the chamber on May 16.The Union government has created Food Safety Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) as a single reference point for all matters related to food safety and standards with the enactment of the act.The act has been created for laying down science-based standards for food items and to regulate their manufacture, storage, distribution, sale and import. This is aimed at ensuring the availability wholesome food for human consumption. The act makes it mandatory for all food business operators to get licences under a single licencing system at the central or state level. FSSAI was set up on August 5, 2011.Food operators ranging from big hoteliers, small canteens and roadside vendors, wholesalers, retailers and stockists of food items including groceries have to obtain licence under the act either before the expiry of their existing license or by August 5, 2012, or whichever is earlier. Non compliance with the provisions of the act and its rules will amount to offence and will attract severe penalties or punishments.M/s CQM Quality Management Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, food safety and food law experts, are the FSSAI approved certification body and training authority. Two experts from New Delhi with two assistants from Bangalore will conduct the programme. A fee of Rs 500 is fixed per participant. Interested should contact the KCCI office at the earliest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973296", "title": "\u2018Maha experience\u2019 costs states CRZ power", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union Ministry of Environment and Forests on Wednesday put the state government in the dock before the Adarsh commission. MoEF Director A Senthil Vel told the commission that the \"Maharashtra experience\" was one of the reasons why the Centre decided to take away the powers of the state governments to grant Coastal Regulation Zone clearance in 2003. He told the commission that the MoEF had not granted CRZ clearance for Adarsh.\"The ministry was made aware of several violations during the period 2002 to 2003 when large housing projects were allowed by the government of Maharashtra in Versova, Chembur, etc. And there were several writ petitions filed in the Bombay High Court,\" Senthil Vel told the commission. \"Keeping in view these violations, especially in Mumbai and elsewhere in the country also like in Karnataka and Orissa, the ministry withdrew the powers delegated top the state (to grant CRZ clearance),'' he added.When the commission asked the senior officer whether powers were specifically withdrawn \"because of your Maharashtra experience'', Senthil Vel replied: \"Not only the Maharashtra experience, but experience of other coastal states also.''Senthil Vel was questioned about his March 11, 2003 letter, which was passed off as an NOC for Adarsh. He insisted that the letter could not be considered a CRZ clearance for Adarsh from MoEF. The officer said that no construction could have taken place on the plot because no permission was sought by Adarsh society between 1996 and April 2003 when the state was empowered to issue CRZ clearance. After April 2003, when CRZ clearance powers rested with the MoEF, the society did not seek the required permission.Senthil Vel said that MOEF had never given its clearance for Adarsh building and former deputy secretary P V Deshmukh's letter saying MoEF has communicated their no objection was wrong. \"We have never conveyed any clearance for development (of Adarsh building). This letter (penned by Deshmukh) misinterprets my letter,'' said Senthil Vel.He also told the commission that he was not aware if the MoEF had taken any action after 30 bundles of files, including those concerning Adarsh went missing. Senthil Vel is likely to be cross-examined by other parties before the commission on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12973021", "title": "DMRC shirks blame for delay in Metro project", "text": "JAIPUR: As the delay in land transfer continues at two points on the Jaipur Metro's 9.2 km route (Mansarovar to Chandpole), the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has written a letter to the state government to not hold it responsible for the delay in the project.Highly placed sources at DMRC said, \"In our correspondence with the state government, we have mentioned that the dateline to complete the civil work at the points where the land is not transferred till date will only be decided after the DMRC will take the possession of land.\" Also, in the letter it has mentioned that the DMRC will not be responsible for the delay in project, if there is further delay in land transfer.The Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation (JMRC) is unable to provide the acquired land as the land owners have approached the court. However, the delay was a cause of worry for the DMRC officials as no work has been initiated between the two stations so far.The work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar stations has also not started as the land owner of Dhamani Garden, where rehabilitation for residents of 12 houses of Ved Vatika colony was proposed, has moved court. Similarly, possession of land of Saini House situated between railway station and Sindhi Camp has also not been taken by the JMRC. \"The land was expected to be transferred in December. The work, including piling, peering, and laying of bed for tracks, requires around 12 to 13 months' time.\"Duringhis recent visit, Jaipur Metro Rail Corporation chief managing director N C Goyal issued necessary directions for temporary rehabilitation of the affected houses in Ved Vatika for taking possession of the acquired land. However, even after three weeks, the DMRC is still waiting for possession. \"The house owners of Ved Vatika had demanded that they should be rehabilitated near their houses. Convincing them to shift to a temporary location is a difficult task as it is not located close by,\" an official source at the JMRC said.The DMRC also claims initially due to delay in land transfer for casting yard by three months has already affected the pace of the Jaipur Metro project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973415", "title": "Centre helping states to arrest road fatalities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, the Centre is reaching out to help about half a dozen states that have been reporting a rise in road deaths in recent years. Andhra Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu among them have recorded over 15,000 deaths in 2010. The road transport and highways ministry has sought details of the road safety measures taken by these states, besides those that have been reporting 9,000-10,000 casualties.A senior ministry official said that they have written to the state governments to get maximum details about the steps these governments have taken to improve road safety and whether they want more help from the Centre. \"We have sent an elaborate questionnaire and asked them to respond soon. This will help us to access how the ministry can step in to improve the situation,\" added the official.An analysis of the road deaths data of 2010 prepared by the ministry shows that states like Maharashtra, Bihar, Gujarat, Karnataka and West Bengal saw a significant jump in road deaths in comparison to the previous year. In Maharashtra, the fatalities were 12,304 in 2010 against 11,396 in the previous year. In case of Bihar, fatalities had increased by almost 700, and in Gujarat it was over 500.\"If we succeed in bringing down the deaths in these states, there will be significant dip in the overall national data. Our approach is to work with the states and we are no way getting into the issue of imposing orders on the state governments,\" said an official.He added that even in some of the smaller states the situation is worrying, though the toll figures are not quite alarming. \"We are bringing every important state on board to find solutions and reduce road fatalities,\" said the official.With 1.34 lakh people losing lives on Indian roads in 2010, the country tops the list of all nations when it comes to road accident deaths across the globe. The government has set a target of bringing down deaths by 50%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974825", "title": "Epidemiological survey of people around Kaiga begins", "text": "MANGALORE: The Tata Memorial Centre, Mumbai, which has commenced epidemiological survey of residents living in 0-16km radius of Kaiga Generating Station (KGS) in the last week of March this year, will complete it in two years time. The last epidemiological survey was conducted in 1997-98, but it was limited only to the staff and workers at the plant.Dr B Ganesh, head of department of Cancer Registry, TMC, Mumbai, told TOI that the survey was a long process and would take time.\"It should take at least two years. We have to see people individually. It is a comprehensive scientific study, which will not only look at health issues but also establish data regarding the facilities the people in the KGS vicinity have,'' he said.An epidemiology is the study of health-events, health-characteristics or health-determinant patterns in a population, which becomes the cornerstone method of public health research, and helps identifying risk factors for disease and targets for preventive medicine.The survey will be conducted in three phases. The first phase will involve survey of the people residing in 0-5 km radius of the plant; second phase will be survey of people in 5-10km radius and last phase will be survey of people in 10-16km radius of the plant.\"We have hardly completed survey of 500 people. When more and more people come to know of it, the response may be good. People who are forthcoming will get medical benefits,'' Dr Ganesh said.He added that the people who have some indication of any disease will be sent to referral hospitals or to Hubli, Belgaum or even to TMC.\"The study will give us indication of some degree of prevalence of some disease - it may be diabetes, high blood pressure, cancer etc. It is not only survey of health of the people, we are also looking at sanitary facilities also available in the region,'' he added.TMC has established a cancer registry at Karwar a couple of months back. \"This will give the exact information on how many cases, what type of cancers etc,'' he said.Regarding funding, Dr Ganesh categorically said Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) was in no way involved in this survey. We are doing it as part of our commitment and service to society.The villagers of Hartuga, Balemane, Haruru, Balase and Kuchegar, inside or bordering 5-km 'sterilized zone' of Kaiga had demanded TMC to conduct health survey of the villages so that all matters pertaining health concerns would be cleared once for all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12974522", "title": "Dutch recognition for Professor KS Manilal makes up for local neglect", "text": "KOZHIKODE: For Professor K S Manilal winning an award was the last thing in mind when he decided to translate Hortus Malabaricus, the monumental 17th century treatise on medico-botanical plant wealth of Kerala. But his effort has finally been recognized by the government of Netherland.As a tribute to his scholarship, Queen Beatrice of the Netherland has nominated this emeritus professor of botany at Calicut University for one of the highest Dutch civilian awards in April. In many ways, the Dutch was making up for the lack of regard shown by his country and home state to honour or appreciate Manilal's lifework.Conferring the 'Officer of the Order of Orange-Nassau' on him, Dutch consul general Marijke van Drunen Littel said, \"By honouring Manilal with the royal award, Her Majesty Queen Beatrix and people of my country wanted to show their appreciation to one person's life-long dedication to public service through the study of Hortus Malabaricus.\"Manilal is the only person from Asia to receive the award instituted in 1815.It took Manilal 35 years to translate during which he learned Latin and almost spent his entire life saving on numerous foreign visits. But despite his outstanding contributions in reinventing the landmark book for the world, Manilal's academic pursuit has been a thankless task at least on a personal level.It was not mere coincidence that he was not invited to the launch of the English translation held at the Rashtrapathi Bhavan on June 12, 2003.He also couldn't make it to the launch of the Malayalam translation in 2008 either as he got the invitation letter just a day before the function. Controversies also surround the publishing of the English and Malayalam versions of the book by the University of Kerala following charges that the varsity refused to give due credit to him.On the bitter experiences related to the publication of the book, Manilal says, \"All I would say is that we need to have a better support system in place to encourage academic research. The only financial support that I had received for completing the work was a contingency grant by department of science and technology.\"He said he had spent more than Rs 25,000 way back in 1973 to take photographs of the 3,000-odd pages of the book.The introductory note prepared by the Dutch government on the award could not be more appropriate when it says, \"Hortus Malabaricus still has much contemporary value which is not properly known to the outside world. Its translator remains an unknown quantity outside a small group of academic community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12972689", "title": "Cash-free toll a hit among DND users", "text": "NOIDA: In a bid to counter traffic chaos on the DND flyway and reduce the number of vehicles in the cash lane at the toll gate, particularly during peak hours, the Noida Toll Bridge Company Ltd has started the process to move to a relatively cash-free format. Customers will be paying electronically and consequently reduce waiting time at the toll plaza.In a trial run last month, NTBCL managed to make around 7,000 users of the flyway switch to the Electronic Toll Collection system.The DND flyway hosts around 1.25 lakh vehicles each day and till before NTBCL began its trial run about 21% of this traffic used prepaid smart cards. However, following the trial run, around 30% of the commuters have switched to this system.\"We had deployed staff along the plaza to sell smart cards at a discount to encourage more commuters to opt for it. We had also set up kiosks at the plaza to help commuters switch from cash to card and tag. Encouraged by the initial response of the motorists, we have decided to extend this drive and reduce the number of cash users as far as possible,\" said Anwar Abbasi, spokesperson for NTBCL.The company will soon invite bids for reconfiguring and upgrading its existing tolling system to introduce new electronic toll collection options. According to the company, there are a lot of problems associated with cash payment at the toll plaza. For instance, when commuters stop at the toll gates and pay in cash, the stoppage time for each vehicle increases. Shortage of loose change acts as another hindrance for smooth and quick movement of traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12974822", "title": "When bin Laden came for dinner in Waziristan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Contrary to the perception that Osama bin Laden lived in seclusion for nearly five years in Pakistan's Abbottabad, he travelled to the restive Waziristan region to attend a dinner about a year before he was killed.The 54-year-old al-Qaida chief was the surprise guest at a dinner hosted by two men on the fringes of the Waziristan region late one night in the summer of 2010, BBC reported on Wednesday.Half a dozen men of a tribal family had been alerted weeks earlier about the arrival of a guest whose identity they didn't know. The tribesmen were told about the visit by someone they described as an \"important person\".At about 11 pm, when the village around them was in deep sleep, a dozen SUVs arrived. \"A dozen big four-wheel drive jeeps drove into the compound ... They seemed to converge from different directions,\" said one unnamed elder of the tribal family.One of the SUVs drove up to the veranda and from it \"emerged a tall and frail-looking man\" wearing flowing robes and a white turban. \"The waiting men couldn't believe their eyes. Standing before them was Osama bin Laden , the most wanted man in the world,\" the report said.Bin Laden spent three hours with the tribesmen, during which he offered prayers, rested, and ate a meal of lamb chops, chicken curry and rice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973463", "title": "Committee formed to probe into complaint of Kashmiri student", "text": "BHOPAL: Barkatullah University Vice-Chancellor Prof Nisha Dubey constituted a three-member committee to look into the complaint filed by a Kashmiri student against the warden of a hostel, where he lives in the university.Mohd Yousuf Parra, a post-graduate commerce student from Kashmir, alleged that Dr SK Khateek, the chief warden of Jawahar Lal boys' hostel had threatened to kill him. Later, the student had lodged a complaint against the warden with the Bagh Sewania police station.When contacted, a committee member, Prof Neerja Yadav, confirmed that the committee has been formed after the student filed the complaint. Two other members of the committee are Prof Kalika Yadav and Prof Vinay Shrivastava.\"We will talk to both sides. Besides, a report will be sought from the chief warden,\" Prof Sharma said. She added that a report would be prepared after talking to students and others. \"We will try our best to submit the report at the earliest,\" Prof Sharma said.There are about 600 students in the three hostels of Barkatullah University--Jawahar Lal, Munshi Premchand and Sanjay Gandhi. Of them, there are 30 Kashmiri students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978162", "title": "Slow down, stop and please keep your shoes on", "text": "My driving journey in the United States began with my instructor nearly jumping out of the window declaring I was on a suicidal mission. Hardly an auspicious beginning, but it was only after I sat on the wrong side in the car that I understood how different the world looked from the other side. I meant to indicate but turned the windscreen wipers on instead and waited at an intersection for a whole minute, unsure how I was supposed to make a turn. Driving in America was a whole different ball game.The office lore of how every Indian before me had failed to obtain a license in the first go ran through my mind. Hilarious tales of someone failing because they removed their shoes and drove, of someone stopping a foot after the stop sign and arguing with the cop that they had stopped after all, of a person almost mowing down a pedestrian made regular rounds at work. After all, I come from a country where amber lights indicate speed up, there are no stop signs, traffic lanes are unheard of, pedestrians have no rights and parking space is never parallel. It looked nearly impossible that I would win the lunch that the American manager had promised for clearing the test on the first go.Make sure you check your blind spots, said the instructor in a grim tone, breaking my reverie. A blind spot?? I nervously ventured, and got an eye roll and an explanation in return. Who had ever heard about blind spots? If you wanted to turn, you turned and honked loudly enough to announce your change of direction. If all else failed, there was always the backup of sticking your hand out of the window, rudely signalling other people to stay away and it was up to the other drivers to stay well within your sight.Five driving lessons and a few near misses later, I was at the DMV ready to ace my written test. I knew every school zone limit, every degree of a wheel turn on a parked car and every mileage zone in Austin. I had stayed up all night memorizing every page of the rules booklet with more dedication than my engineering textbooks. I managed to clear the test with relative ease but dreaded the real \"driving test\". Soon enough it was judgement day, and I was at the DMV hoping I wouldn't be assigned to the mean lady cop notorious for failing people for going too slow or not turning their head often enough. I was lucky enough to get a kind looking old cop. We set off on the wide Austin roads, my knuckles tightly clenching the wheel and my mind repeating the mantra to slow down, stop and keep my shoes on.I braked well before the pedestrian zone, and drummed my fingers impatiently on the wheel while letting an old lady pass. I saw the cop make a few notes on his notepad; surely I wasn't being marked down for drumming on the wheel? Maybe there had rules against it too!Reversing always needs extra drama, I remembered a colleague say. You have to twist your neck at dangerous angles, (really? I though rear view mirrors did a fine job by themselves) check the rear view mirror till the instructor seemed relatively happy and then back in, all the time praying you wouldn't bump into the curb. A few prayers and wheel turns later, I was perched neatly between two old cars and was on top of the world.We were back at the DMV, without too many strikes on the judgement pad, parallel parked and in perfect curb alignment. It was a fairytale ending..my driving instructor lived to see another day, my manager took me out for the promised victory meal and I had my license to kill..err drive on the other side of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973458", "title": "More jawans killed by suicides, fragging than militants' bullets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Now, over four times more soldiers die battling their internal demons rather than fighting militants in Kashmir or north-east. Stress-related deaths in the shape of suicides and \"fragging\" show no sign of flagging in the Army, with the toll alarmingly crossing the 100 mark year after year.Consider the shocking figures. Just since 2001, 1,082 soldiers have committed suicide in the Army's highly disciplined environs, while another 73 have died of fragging (to kill a fellow soldier) episodes. While, 102 soldiers took the extreme step of ending their lives last year, 26 have died this year so far.The situation is not much better in IAF, with over 20 airmen committing suicide every year. Navy is the best off, with its annual suicide cases remaining in single digits. Disclosing the latest figures in Rajya Sabha on Wednesday, defence minister A K Antony said, \"Possible causative factors for soldiers committing suicide/fatricide are stress, personal problems and financial problems.\"\"The government has taken several steps to prevent such incidents which include counseling, improvement in food and clothing, married accommodation, leave concessions, facilities for movement of troops from border areas and establishing a grievance redressal mechanism in states,\" he added.But the measures do not seem to be working, even as the yearly tolls due to terrorism and road accidents have been brought under control over the last few years. Just 24 soldiers, for instance, were killed in action while fighting terrorists in J&K; last year. With the Army establishing \"clear-cut ascendancy\" in counter-infiltration and insurgency operations, the death toll of security forces has steadily declined since a high of over 300 in 2004.On the stress-related front, the worried MoD-Army combine has got a fresh \"psycho-social analytical study\" done by the Defence Institute of Psychological Research (DIPR). \"The aim is to arrive at the tools to identify and spot the \"at risk\" soldiers. Two studies, one an impact analysis of counter-insurgency vis-a-vis peace areas and the other a psychological autopsy of suicides over the last three years, are being analyzed after being handed over to Antony,\" said a source.While prolonged deployment in counter-insurgency operations in J&K; and north-east do take a toll on the physical endurance and mental health of soldiers, it's compounded by jawans posted in far-flung areas are unable to take care of problems being faced by their families back home.Moreover, paltry salaries and lack of basic amenities, ineffectual leadership and humiliation by their officers, all constitute an explosive mix. An earlier DIPR study had even held that \"perceived humiliation and harassment, over and above occupational and familial causes\", at the hands of their superiors often serves as the final \"trigger\" in stress-related cases in the armed forces.Even the parliamentary standing committee on defence has repeatedly criticized MoD for taking only piecemeal steps instead of totally revamping existing mechanisms to deal with stress and other problems faced by soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973488", "title": "Sultania hospital to get new CCTV, security guards", "text": "BHOPAL: Two days after the theft of a baby from the government Sultania Lady hospital, the health department has initiated a slew of measures including installation of a CCTV camera in the hospital to improve security measures.The department also decided to introduce two kinds of gate pass for the attendants and visitors to regulate the visitors, besides issuing show cause notices to the guards on duty.The decisions were taken by the director of medical education (DME) S C Tiwari who reviewed the situation in the hospital on Wednesday. The DME directed that security be beefed up at all the four gates of the hospital and that the guards on duty be dismissed for laxity and replaced with ex-army personnel.He spoke to the doctors and nurses in the post operative ward. The director ordered that there would two kinds of gate passes namely red and yellow. Red ones would be issued for the attendants of the hospital while the yellow passes would be for the visitors.Laxmi Bai, whose baby was stolen from the hospital ward by an unidentified woman on Monday complained that she was shifted to the general ward from the surgical ward. Also their belongings were thrown out by the hospital staff, she alleged.The two men who had assaulted Laxmi's husband, Chaggan, were identified as Ajay Verma and Pradeep Sengar who work in the medical store run by the Red Cross Society. The DME has directed that the medical store's tender should be cancelled.He directed that both installation CCTV cameras and recruitment of ex-army men should be completed within a month.Earlier in the day, district Congress members staged a protest in front of the hospital. They also met the DME. The Congress workers also raised slogans for the dismissal of the superintendent of the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973300", "title": "Khajuraho records maximum day temperature", "text": "BHOPAL: The popular tourist destination of Khajuraho was the hottest place in the state with mercury touching 42 degrees Celsius mark on Wednesday. The day temperature in Bhopal went down a little to 39.3 degrees Celsius (from 39. 6 on Tuesday).The meteorological office attributed a change in wind direction to a marginal difference in the day temperature in Bhopal on Wednesday. However, the mercury is expected to go up further in a day or two.Officials at the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle said the wind direction has changed to northerly from westerly and north-westerly resulting into a marginal decline in the temperature in some places, including Bhopal. The temperature is set to go up from here, the officials added.The maximum and minimum temperature in four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 40.1 and 20.1 degrees Celsius.Weathermen said Bhopal recorded a maximum of 39.3 degrees C against a minimum of 21.0 degrees C. The maximum in Indore stood at 39.2 degrees Celsius against the minimum temperature of 20.6 degrees Celsius.Gwalior recorded a maximum of 40.1 degrees and the minimum stood at 20.1 degrees C. In Jabalpur, 40.1 was the maximum temperature and the minimum temperature was recorded at 21.4 degrees Celsius.Weathermen said in next 24 hours there would clear sky with maximum temperature touching 40 degrees Celsius mark and minimum would be around 23 degrees Celsius in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973600", "title": "Lorry runs over Class 10 boy on cycle", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 10 student cycling to school was run over by a tipper lorry near West Saidapet on Wednesday morning. As a crowd was gathering, the driver, Madhavan , 46, of West Saidapet, fled. He later surrendered before police and remanded in the Puzhal prison.Around 6.30am, police said, K Ajith Kumar, 15, was going to Manthoppu Higher Secondary School to organise a NCC training programme when the lorry, which had unloaded sand at a construction site, hit his bicycle while negotiating a turn near the Jayaram Street junction.Witnesses said the boy was thrown off his cycle and came under its wheels. Noor Mohideen, an autorickshaw driver, said, \"I was waiting for passengers when I saw the lorry going at high speed. Seconds later, I heard the boy's cries and saw his body crushed.\"N Prakash, a lawyer, said: \"I was on a morning walk when I passed the accident spot. I alerted police.\" The Guindy traffic police personnel sent the body to the Kilpauk Medical College Hospital for autopsy.As the news spread, local residents and students waiting for Ajith Kumar at the school ground rushed to the accident spot. Students said Ajith Kumar was a brilliant student.\"Ajith Kumar's father Kumar is a drunkard and he was being brought up by his mother Santhi, a maid and the family's sole breadwinner. She had stopped her daughter's education and was focusing on her son. She expected him to help her soon,\" Ajith Kumar's uncle Manikandan said.With city planners concentrating on building flyovers and subways catering to motorists, the safety of cyclists and pedestrians seems to have taken a back seat. Weaving through buses and rash two-wheeler riders is a nightmare for cyclists. Last year, the Chennai Corporation scrapped a dedicated cycle track in Anna Nagar for lack of funds. It would have served at least 6,000 school students in the area and was estimated to cost Rs 15 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12972138", "title": "Wanted: Convicts for open air jail at Cherlapalli", "text": "HYDERABAD: Wanted: convicts with character. Job: to work in the open air jail.A 'wanted advertisement' to 'recruit' prisoners for the open air jail at Cherlapalli is proving fruitless for prisons department officials who have so far managed to recruit only 75 prisoners against a total need for 150 inmates. Officials have, for the last few months, been examining the conduct of prisoners in various jails including the one at Cherlapalli itself and Central Prison, Warangal but they have hardly succeeded in finding those meeting the criteria.The most important qualification laid down is character but that is primarily what prisoners are falling short of. Prisoners on the 129-acre open air Cherlapalli jail campus have the freedom to move about on the premises which does not have so much as a fence around it. So, if a prisoner wants to escape, all he has to do is to walk out of the prison gate, which is anyway open all through the day.Thus, prison officials have been engaged in analysing the feedback as regards the character and behaviour of certain convicts that they may be sent to the open air jail. But officials have refrained from taking any decision in most of the cases.\"We assess the convict's personality along certain set criteria. For example, they should be those with strong family ties. They should have also gone on furlough or parole and returned to jail on time. Even in jail, their behaviour should be exemplary and disciplined.\"Most importantly, we should have the confidence that they will not escape. We have not found enough prisoners meeting these criteria,\" DIG, Prisons (Telangana), B Samuel Johnson told TOI. Much as the open air model provides inmates with a quantum of freedom, it also serves the prison department's need for labour to work in the fields. Apart from a mango grove, the prison has a vegetable plantation standing on nearly 10-15 acres of land. The vegetables grown here are sent to other prisons. That apart, the prison also needs inmates to take care of the poultry and cattle. It is learnt that the prison generated a revenue of more than Rs 30 lakh through sale of produce in 2011-12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "12974887", "title": "Shatabdi AC buses failing to keep passengers cool", "text": "KANPUR: Commuting is surely a grueling task during the peak summer months, but if the mode of conveyance is air-conditioned it gives a lot of relief. The staterun Shatabdi AC buses had been put on roads keeping in view the comfort of passengers. However, the service itself is now beset with many problems.When the service was launched, UPSRTC had purchased 25 air-conditioned buses. But, only 11 buses are on road at present. The remaining buses have been out of order due to bad maintenance or non-functional ACs. Thus, the number of passengers opting to travel on these buses has reduced to almost half. This has invariably reduced the revenue-collection of the corporation. But, the bigger problem is faced by the commuters who would prefer a 'cooler' travel option.This summer, out of the total 11 Shatabdi AC buses, UPSRTC has managed to run six buses on Kanpur-Lucknow route, two on Kanpur-Ghazipur-Varanasi route, one on Kanpur-Jhansi route and two on Kanpur-Delhi route. A senior UPSRTC official told TOI that lack of adequate number of buses has made it difficult to maintain the frequency of buses on the dedicated routes. \"When all 25 AC buses were plying, we were able to maintain the frequency. Now, buses are available at a frequency of 2 to 3 hours,\" the official said.\"About a week ago, I had to wait for three hours for a bus at City station to go to Lucknow,\" shared Amit Singh, a local. The commuters also resent paying extra bucks for an AC bus when they are not even getting the facility. \"The fare of Shatabdi AC buses between Kanpur and Lucknow is Rs 111. It takes almost 3 hours to reach the state capital by bus. The experience is no better than the ordinary local train, where the fare is only Rs 14,\" said Noor Alam, a city businessman.\"I do not find any difference between travelling in an AC bus or an ordinary one. The AC buses have numerous defects, like the automatic doors don't work. These buses do not offer any benefit, be it comfort or enabling reaching one's destination faster,\" said Shiva, a frequent traveller.\"It was last Saturday only when the bus was full to its capacity, but the AC in the bus was not working properly. The bus conductor didn't pay any attention to the repeated requests made by the passengers to rectify the snag first and then move onward. None of the contact numbers specified in the bus were working, instead the conductor ask the passengers to submit their complaints to the authorities, once the bus reaches Alambagh bus station in Lucknow,\" alleged Vishesh Tandon, a CSJMU student.There was a time when Shatabdi AC buses, particularly those plying on the Kanpur-Lucknow route, were in good condition and had elicited praise from the commuters. Most of the travellers from Kanpur used the AC bus service to reach Lucknow, Varanasi, Ghazipur and even Delhi. \"However, since the past few years, the AC bus service on these routes has been affected due to lack of proper monitoring of the buses,\" said Aniket Singh, an MNC employee and a local.\"The buses are in a deplorable state. Dust, used water bottles, side windows with torn curtains or without curtains, empty pan masala pouches and foul smell greet the passengers. No cleaning work is done in these buses,\" claimed Abhigyan Sinha, a retired army personnel.Commenting on this, UPSRTC, ARM, A K Gupta said, \"We can initiate action only on the basis of complaints. The aggrieved passengers should apprise us about the shortcomings in the services by registering their complaints.\" When the TOI pointed out problems faced by the passengers, Gupta assured that the faults would be rectified soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12979075", "title": "'Mollywood is a training ground', says Mohanlal", "text": "Mollywood is a training ground. Malayalam film industry's superstar says that's the reason why you see so many actor's career taking off after a stint in Mollywood.The industry has seen innumerable number of actors and actresses whose careers have soared up as soon as they have signed up for a film with Mohanlal. However, the modest actor says, \"I don't think I should take that credit though. The truth is, there is a certain level of reality in our films. There is a lot of detailing in terms of portraying a particular emotion on scene. We tend to have so many more close shots, which compels an artist to actually put in more effort than it is required otherwise. So, it is the expressions on the face, and how an actor presents his or her character, that really makes a scene. In such ways, Mollywood is a fabulous training ground for actors and actresses from other industries. Once they have done a couple of films here, they are ready to take on any character, irrespective of the language.\"But the star also tells us, while being a part of Mollywood has these advantages; there is always another side to the story. \"There was a time when not many people had access to Malayalam films. So those who did have access, went on to copy the films, add a few bits and present it like it was their own. However, technology has helped bridge these gaps. Today, while there is always scope for improvement; I believe the industry is more or less in a safe place.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973178", "title": "BJP leaders criticize Narendra Modi fund-raising drive", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Slowdown is not just affecting targets of industrial houses. It has cast a shadow on political parties too. Chief minister Narendra Modi's ambitious scheme to raise Rs 500 crore for the forthcoming elections, Dhan Sangrah, has met with stiff resistance from all quarters - so far only Rs 150 crore have come to the party's kitty.On Wednesday, most office-bearers of state BJP expressed their concerns over raising money from businessmen and common citizens in such an economic climate. Modi had launched the scheme on February 11.\"The target seems inflated and unreasonable. Secondly, all those who donate generously run a risk of being hounded by IT sleuths,\" said a BJP leader who did not want to be identified. \"A minister's salary is Rs 45,000 per month and he is expected to contribute Rs 11 lakh. How will he justify the donation to IT department,\" he said.Modi and state BJP chief R C Faldu had given targets to all ministers, BJP MLAs, chairmen of boards and corporations, mayors, municipal councilors and members of saffron party-ruled taluka and district panchayats. As per the plan, they were directed to collect cheques from their respective areas. In some cases, workers were given coupons in the denomination of Rs 500, Rs 1,000, Rs 2,000 and Rs 5,000 each.\"In some cases, there are complaints about money not reaching the party,\" said a BJP leader. \"The chief minister had set a deadline of April 6, which is also the foundation day of BJP. Considering the lukewarm response, the deadline was extended by a fortnight. But, now the top leadership has realized that there is no point pressurizing workers anymore,\" he said.Party workers say certain arm-twisting tactics to raise funds have started to boomerang. \"To give just one example, some local leaders forced ceramic unit owners in Morbi to donate. Many of them resisted. Incidentally, commercial tax department raided many units soon after. This gave an impression that the government was extorting money from businessmen,\" says Congress leader Arjun Modhwadia, who terms the fund-raising drive as loot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12973777", "title": "UK court orders extradition of Dawood Ibrahim aide Tiger Hanif to India", "text": "LONDON: Tiger Hanif, an alleged terrorist wanted by Gujarat police for a bomb attack on a train in 1993, and absconding in Britain, was on Wednesday ordered by the Westminster magistrates' court in London to be extradited to India. This is a significant victory for Indian authorities, who have in the past failed to get people suspected to have committed crimes in India to face justice on Indian soil.Sources said Hanif was closely associated with Dawood Ibrahim and carries information on the activities of Lashkar-e-Taiba. It is learned that Hanif's ties with Dawood go back to the latter's Mumbai days. Hanif was in charge of Dawood's operations in Gujarat, the state that for long was the chosen route to smuggle in drugs and arms from Pakistan .Tiger Hanif can appeal the extradition order of a Westminster court but a sources close to the case said he could at best delay the process by \"two to three months\".Sources said that Hanif, much like Dawood, transited from the underworld to hardcore terrorism. He has for some years been working for the D-company and Lashkar-e-Taiba and his extradition could reveal crucial linkages between the two.Hanif is charged with conspiring to carry out a bomb attack in Surat in 1993, which killed an eight-year-old girl and injured 12 others. In March, 2010, 50-year-old Hanif was traced to a grocery store in Bolton, in Great Manchester , by British police after Interpol circulated Hanif's photo and description worldwide.While technically Hanif has a right to appeal against Wednesday's ruling, the matter is now in the hands of the British home minister to uphold the judgment and send him back to India to face trial.India's success in securing Hanif's extradition, it was learned, was largely due to the determination of British authorities and the Indian high commission in the UK, as officials back in India had apparently lost interest in the case. A notable feature of the proceedings was the arguments of Claire Montgomery, the lawyer appointed by the high commission to plead the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "12974165", "title": "Thiruvananthapuram emerges as AIDS capital", "text": "KOCHI: AIDS killed 1,517 people during the period 2005-2012, out of a reported 6,374 cases, if the data provided by the Kerala State AIDS Control Society is to be believed.While 1,091 men succumbed to AIDS, the health problem resulted in the end of life for 379 women and 47 children. To a query under the Right to Information Act, the KSACS revealed that 19,905 persons were tested positive for HIV infection during this period.A total of 3,700 men were diagnosed with AIDS in this period, and the number of women and children who were affected was 2,354 and 320 respectively.The highest number of positive cases was reported in Thiruvananthapuram - 4,034: 2,126 men, 1,489 women and 219 children. Thrissur came second with 3,426 cases: 1,865 men, 1,376 women and 185 children, while Kozhikode reported 2,953 cases: 1,694 men, 1,097 women and 162 children.A total of 899 children were registered at the Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) centres, the KSACS officials said in reply to the RTI query filed by advocate D B Binu. According to the data of 2011, 61 children were found to be positive, with 12 each in Thiruvananthapuram and Thrissur and 10 in Kozhikode.The rate of infection is coming down in the state even though more cases are being detected because of the awareness among the public.\"Based on our research, Kerala has an estimated 40,000 HIV cases, but we have only identified 19,000-odd cases, so the other cases are lying hidden. Our effort is to bring out these people. We have brought out many campaigns for it, and that is how there is an increase in the number of reported cases,\" says Dr K Shylaja, project director of KSACS.What alarms the authorities is the rise in the number of cases among the young generation. Unlike in the past, the high-risk group's definition has changed. Instead of sex workers and truck drivers, youths seem to carry the infection the most nowadays.\"Casual relations and a tendency to adopt Western culture in general could be the reasons for this increase in cases among youths. We are targeting them with our campaigns and educational programmes, \"said Dr K Shylaja.But not many agree with the statistics provided by the KSACS. According to agencies working in this sector, new cases are being reported from across the state now.\"Many teenagers are coming to ART centres now, and their cases can't be as old as the officials claim them to be. We need to be vigilant,\" says Joseph K O, general secretary of the Council of People Living with HIV/AIDS , Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972665", "title": "Doctors demand arrest of 'activists' in 24 hours", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after BJP Yuva Morcha activists barged into SMS hospital superintendent LC Sharma's office and held him captive, doctors on Wednesday asked political parties to refrain from using hospital premises to gain mileage.\"There is a limit. Today activists of one party barged into the hospital, tomorrow some other party workers would do the same. This is not a method of protest,\" said Dr R C Yadav, president, All Rajasthan Medical College Teachers Association.Following the unruly scene at the hospital on Tuesday, the doctors held a gate meeting to demand arrest of all the 'activists' involved in the incident with 24 hours.They threatened to hold another gate meeting on Thursday morning if the police failed to make arrests.Dr Yadav said, \"We are not giving the medical superintendent a clean chit on the charges of negligence. We are not opposing any kind of inquiry into the case the matter. However, we are opposing the manner in which people of a certain party entered the office and mistreated Sharma.\"Doctors have decided to write to the political party to identify the accused and expel them from the party. At a time when the hospital is facing shortage of staff and resources, such unruly incidents will only add to the stress level of the doctors.Jaipur Association of Resident Doctors (JARD) president Dr Ashok Jhajharia condemned the incident, and said, \"In such an environment, how can a doctor can treat his patient properly? This is a dangerous trend.\"SMS hospital nursing superintendent Surajmal Paliwal said, \"There are many ways of protest. They could have staged a dharna, raised slogans or used any other peaceful way of protest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12979095", "title": "Fareisa Joemmanbaks debuts in Mollywood", "text": "Latin American actress Fareisa Joemmanbaks is coming to Malayalam film 'Annum Innum Ennum'.The film directed by Rajesh Fareisa has been selected as Miss India World wide in 2007. The film based on the intensity of romantic relations in the younger generation. Jishnu and Nishan are doing the central characters of the film. Sidhique, Salimkumar, Rekha and Radhika are the other stars of the movie.Source:kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974680", "title": "Posco may reduce capacity: South Korean ambassador", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Steel behemoth Posco will reduce the capacity of its proposed facility in Jagatsinghpur district if the Odisha government fails to hand over the requisite 4004 acres for a 12 million tonne per annum plant, said South Korean ambassador Kim Joong Keun here on Wednesday.The diplomat, who addressed a seminar organized by the Confederation of Indian Industries (CII) and later met chief minister Naveen Patnaik , said Posco could begin construction work in the second half of this year if it could get around 2700 acres of land. The state government has thus far acquired 2158 acres for the project, which has been mired in various problems, including local resistance and legal issues, since the South Korean company in mid-2005 proposed to set up a $12 billion steel plant.\"We are eager to complete a whole-sized plant (12 mtpa) as planned. If the situation does not permit us to do so, we shall have to be satisfied with a smaller size,\" he told media persons. He said construction work could start with 2700 acre and if the opposing villagers agreed to part with their land the project could be expanded at latter stages. \"The (Posco) project can exclude areas that the villagers do not want. We are in a democratic country. So we will start work only where the residents agree,\" he pointed out.Keun said the company can import iron ore from outside Odisha or from outside India if it fails to access the Khandadhar iron ore mines in Sundargarh district. \"If the Supreme Court's final verdict goes unfavourably for Posco, logically speaking we can import iron ore from other states or other countries,\" he noted.Keun, who visited the Posco project site near Paradip on Tuesday, further said he was \"optimistic\" about the project and was \"encouraged\" after discussions with the CM.The ambassador's visit to Odisha to push India's biggest FDI came after the state government on April 25 asked Posco to \"adopt a flexible policy\" and take up adequate rehabilitation and corporate social responsibility measures in the project area to gain the confidence of the villagers, particularly displaced people.The mega project has been encountering hurdles, including a National Green Tribunal order on March 30 suspending the forest clearance to it. Frustrated over lack of progress, Posco-India chief Yong-Won Yoon in March blamed the state government for delay in project implementation. He had said the delay could lead to about 20% cost escalation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977846", "title": "The write way to dance", "text": "Many years ago the late theatre director Chetan Datar decided to snap out of realistic drama and attempt some other form of theatre. Keen to explore dance in drama, he began working with Rajashree Shirke the Kathak dancer and Vaibhav Arekar the Bharata Natyam dancer to evolve dance-drama scripts. Together they created a few eminently watchable shows of which 'Mata Hidimba' was outstanding.Like realism in theatre, mythology reigns supreme in dance. Datar wanted to snap out of that too and move into modern times. So he and his two dancer colleagues turned Mahesh Elkunchwar's play Pratibimb (Reflection) into a dancedrama, with some brilliant passages of choreography. Datar then went on to direct Giribala, based on the Tagore story about a shackled housewife who breaks free from her husband's odious domination to become an actor. In this play, he added one more element to dance and drama-live music.Even after Datar's untimely death, Shirke continued to work in the form they had created together, and to look for modern texts that she could adapt to it. In the course of her search, she chanced upon Rabindranath Tagore's short story Khata (exercise-book), which she has now turned into a moving dance-drama.Khata is a sad, simply told story about little Uma who loves to write in her exercise-book. At nine she is married off to a writer, Pyarimohan, about whom Tagore says with characteristically understated irony, \"Although he was still quite young and had acquired some education, modern ideas had not penetrated him at all. He was therefore the darling of the neighbourhood.\" With these two lines, Tagore sums up both the man and society.Uma's favourite maid Yashoda, who goes with her to settle her into the inlaws' household, takes the exercise-book with her. It is Uma's only solace in the alien atmosphere of her new home. Once in a while she takes it out of her box, bolts her bedroom door and writes in it - just lines that she has picked up from here and there. One day she is caught in the act by her sisters-in-law, who promptly inform their brother about it. Pyarimohan mocks Uma for her pretensions and destroys the exercise-book \"for her own good\".The last line of the story is, \"Pyarimohan also had an exercise-book full of various subtly barbed essays, but no one was philanthropic enough to snatch his book away and destroy it\".Shirke presents Khata as a story told by five kathakars, of which she is the chief. The remaining four kathakardancers represent Uma. The story lends itself perfectly to dance. Shirke fully exploits opportunities for happy dancing during scenes of Uma's carefree childhood. For instance, she depicts a game of hopscotch inventively, by laying down ropes to outline the squares and rectangles of the game. The four dancers then skip through them to the spoken beats of the tabla. Later, the same ropes are used to mark out another rectangle for hopscotch. But this time it represents Uma's saptapadi, through which she is escorted out to her in-laws' home.After the exercise-book is taken away, there is a gut-wrenching dance of Uma writhing in the trap she cannot escape. Shirke underlines the end more darkly than Tagore. The five kathakars stand one behind the other in a straight line. The chief kathakar points to Pyarimohan's desk, saying that's where he sits and writes all day. The other kathakars then step out from behind her one by one, repeating the line, \"But no one takes his book away from him\" till they reach a crescendo of rage.If there were some raw patches in the choreography, performance, and generally well-composed, sensitively rendered music, one can't be sure whether they were the result of weak links in the concept itself of the play, or whether some at least were the result of the unbelievably hostile conditions at Ravindra Natya Mandir under which Shirke and her young dancers performed that evening. The power had failed twice during the previous programme, extending it by an hour. Neither stage nor green rooms were therefore available for the dancers till that programme ended. Consequently Khata started 105 minutes behind time.Meanwhile the taciturn doorkeepers would part with no information to the waiting audience about what had happened. Many went away, but fortunately some stayed back to watch and applaud.The show must go on is a fine, brave sentiment. But must auditoria force performers to face such impossible odds in order to prove it?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974074", "title": "Pune cantonment bungalow owners allege harassment from military", "text": "PUNE: Owners of many bungalows in Pune cantonment have expressed serious concerns over the move of the local army authorities to resume possession of 250 bungalows in the cantonment.The military authorities had issued resumption notices to owners of bungalows a few months ago, following expiry of the 99-year-old lease of their properties.Around 50 owners came together for the first time on Wednesday under the banner of the All India Cantonment Bungalow Owner's Association (AICBOA) and held a meeting at Rewachand Bhojwani Academy on Stavely Road.Addressing the gathering, AICBOA convenor L R Bhojwani said that the owners have come together because of the constant harassment being faced by them at the hands of the military authorities and others.According to Bhojwani, the association will play a vital role in providing assistance to the owners as they were facing discrimination by the army authorities, cantonment executive officer and the defence estate officer.He said that most of the bungalows were facing resumption notices. Besides, there were several litigations pending before various courts. The association will hold meetings with the owners and will find ways and means to provide legal assistance to them in resolving their problems, he added.AICBOA president Raghavinder Dass said, \"There were 2,500 bungalows in the 62 cantonments in the country. Earlier, the government had earlier acquired 6,000 out of the 9,000 bungalows. There are around 13,000 litigations pending in courts and it has now become difficult for the owners to cope up with the stress and harassment from the authorities.\"Dass advised the owners to get united in their approach towards resolving their issues.He also explained the meaning and difference between old grant, lease and perpetual lease and also the orders passed by the British and Indian governments from time to time.Dass told TOI that the Cantonments Act, 2006 was against the spirit of the Indian Constitution as it did not empower owners of bungalow to get any benefits from the government. The act empowers the government to resume properties, but it does not allow an owner to fight for his rights. Section 144 of the act says that the administration is bound to protect the bungalow, but it is not allowing the owners to undertake repair, renovate, buy, sell or transfer bungalows, he added. Advocate Shreesh Bhalerao said that the association has formed a Pune Chapter so that the owners can come together and discuss the problems faced by them. The association will take up the issue of resumption notices with the defence estates officer and the ministry of defence , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12975050", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation looks at INTACH to clean up ponds, Sursagar", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) that is looking to clean ponds across the city will seek expertise from Indian National Trust for Art Culture and Heritage (INTACH). The civic body invited an expert in natural heritage, particularly water bodies, to examine the condition of water bodies and suggest remedial measures.VMC had invited principal advisor of environmental projects in the natural heritage division of INTACH Manu Bhatnagar to have a look at Sursagar. During the course of the visit on Tuesday and Wednesday, Bhatnagar was also shown other water bodies in the city, which he examined them closely.Water samples were collected from Sursagar at various levels and have been sent for series of tests as suggested by Bhatnagar. He held a series of meetings with VMC officials, including municipal commissioner Ashwini Kumar, and made a presentation on the work done at other water bodies in the country and possible work that could be done on some key water bodies in the city. Kumar said VMC was examining the possibility of taking in the expertise for work on one or two smaller water bodies in the city. \"It can then be replicated on other ponds that we want to clean and develop,\" the commissioner added.INTACH and Bhatnagar have worked on a series of water bodies in the country. The revival of historical Hauz Khas in Delhi was done through INTACH. \"Besides Hauz Khas, the division has successfully revived a temple tank in Nagarcoil and a pond in Gwalior. It is also working on two ponds in Raipur and will take up work on three in Jharkhand ,\" Bhatnagar said.Bhatnagar added that ponds needed to be revived as they were a critical resource. \"They are important for ground water recharging. It is important that water stays in such water bodies and that they remain clean,\" he said. He added that there were a series of measures that could be taken to clean a water body. \"Bioremediation is a good option. Enzymes and bacteria can be used in ponds to clean them,\" Bhatnagar said.He added that while work was being conducted o the surface of Sursagar, it was necessary to address even its deeper levels and not merely its surface. Samples of water at various levels have been collected for analysis keeping this in mind.INTACH state co-coordinator Sanjeev Joshi said the two-day exercise was a positive one and could lead to concrete developments. Bhatnagar will now prepare a detailed report on Sursagar and one or two selected ponds on the city and submit it to the VMC.Sarasiya pond to be spruced upVMC's standing committee will take up a proposal to clean Sarasiya pond in the walled city later this week. The proposal was moved by the administration and a contractor has been identified for the purpose after tendering was completed recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972409", "title": "Congmen complain to Sonia Gandhi against MLA Nitin Raut", "text": "NAGPUR: A delegation of Congress workers led by party's city unit general secretary Raja Dronkar met party president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday and lodged a strong complaint against state EGS minister and North Nagpur MLA Nitin Raut. The delegation demanded Raut's ouster from the state cabinet accusing him of anti-party activities.Ever since Congress fared poorly in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) elections in February, all prominent Congress workers and leaders from north Nagpur assembly segment have united to form a pressure group -North Nagpur Development Forum. They have been demanding action against Raut holding him responsible for weakening the party base in his constituency. Blaming him for the poor show in the NMC polls they said he had been treating party workers with total disregard.Dronkar in a fax message released from New Delhi, after meeting Sonia Gandhi at her Parliament House office, said the delegation pointed out that Raut, who hails from a modest Dalit background, had failed to meet the high expectations of his community and people in the constituency. \"Instead of doing justice to his constituents, he has of late developed links with criminals and has been shielding them,\" said Dronkar in the memorandum submitted to the party president.It also pointed out that Raut has been involved in alleged encroachment of public utility land in Bezonbagh area and the court case related to the matter has even dragged chief minister's office into the legal tangle. The delegation also accused Raut of ill-treating women party workers. Demanding a strong action, they said if Raut continued in the state cabinet he would misuse his power tarnishing the party's image beyond repair.\"In Lok Sabha elections as well as the recent NMC elections, he had pressurized loyal Congress workers to work against the party's official nominees. His actions and behaviour have completely demoralized the party workers in the city,\" said the press release issued by Dronkar.The delegation comprised prominent party activists from North Nagpur, including Ambadas Gindhane, Bandopant Tembhurne, Philip Jaiswal, Janak Kamble, Atiq Malik, Bobby Dahivale, Malini Khobragade, Rekha Lanjewar and Vandana Khobragade. Dronkar claimed that the party president heard their views in the 15-minute meeting and assured that no one found working against party interests would be spared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12973039", "title": "Man murders daughter", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A man stabbed his 16-year-old daughter to death on Wednesday because she loved a youth he did not like. He also assaulted his wife whose condition was critical. The incident took place at Chandrabhaga in Nava Vadaj.After the incident, accused Mahendra Datania, a daily wager, surrendered himself before the police at the commissioner's office in Shahibaug. He was later handed over to Naranpura police.According to police, Datania carried out the murderous attack on his wife Gita and daughter Anita after a tiff with the wife over the daughter's activities. Both Gita and Anita were rushed to VS Hospital by their neighbours. Anita died on way to hospital, while Gita was in a critical condition.For several days, Anita was returning home late and sometimes the minor girl also did not return home the whole night. When Mahendra would ask Gita about this, she would make some excuses.\"Mahendra always suspected that Gita was hiding something from her. Recently he learnt from somebody about Anita's affair with Sunil, an auto-rickshaw driver who stayed in same area. On Tuesday night, Mahendra confronted Gita and the couple fought over this issue. He was very disturbed over the fact that the mother and daughter had colluded to hide this fact from him for long,\" said Naranpura police.Around 3:00 am on Wednesday, Mahendra carried out the gruesome assault. Police believe that he planned the whole incident after the fight with his wife. Mahendra grabbed a hammer and a knife and then attacked his wife Gita who was fast asleep. Gita woke up and started shouting for help.Then Anita rushed to her mother's aid. At this point, Mahendra stabbed his daughter nine times. After the brutal attack, Mahendra fled the house.Hearing the shouts for help, the neighbours rushed to his house and took the mother and daughter to VS Hospital. \"Anita was declared brought dead by the doctors; Gita's condition was critical,\" said police.Naranpura police registered a complaint on the basis of a statement given by Gita's brother Laxman Datania. Mahendra has been booked for murder and attempt to murder. \"He does not show any signs of remorse. He told us that he stood by his decision to attack his daughter and wife. To him, the reason for this assault is justified,\" said police.Mahendra and Gita were married 17 years ago and have four children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12971408", "title": "Compensation clause sought in civic tenders", "text": "MUMBAI: Beyond penalizing contractors, the BMC has not taken any stringent measures to curb accidents at project sites. Every time a life is lost at such a spot, the BMC simply passes on the responsibility to its contractors. No monetary help however is given to victims' families since there exists no compensation clause in civic tenders. Activists and corporators say it is high time the corporation takes note of the deaths and adopts steps that instil fear in contractors.In the last one year, three people have died in separate accidents at BMC project sites. On each occasion, the corporation ended the case by either fining the contractor a meagre amount or by maintaining that there were no lapses on its part. In no case was the family paid damages.\"Development cannot take place over dead bodies. A revision of tender conditions is a must. The current conditions are too lenient,\" said Rais Shaikh, Samajwadi Party group leader. \"Whenever such a death takes place, the BMC should initiate a case of criminal negligence against the contractor. Contractors compromise on security to cut costs. A compensation clause should be added so that the victims' families receive some help from the BMC.\"At present, the corporation has only two tender conditions for maintaining safety at construction sites. The first mandates that contractors barricade project sites and put up signage that warn passers-by. The second condition requires contractors to employ security guards to keep round-the-clock watch. It is not always that the two conditions are followed.Many demanded that the civic body supervise project sites more proactively. Rahul Shewale, chairman of BMC standing committee, said, \"The level of supervision by civic engineers should be increased. They should be made responsible for implementing site security guidelines. More precautionary measures should be taken.\"Like the civic body, the MMRDA also demands that all construction sites be barricaded and watched by security staff. According to Ashwini Bhide, additional metropolitan commissioner, the MMRDA has asked \"the public in the areas where work is on to report to us about the condition of the barricades\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978293", "title": "Unrewarding sacrifices by Indians", "text": "While newspapers and magazines were replete with coverage of Qaddafi's atrocity, civil war, NATO intervention and evacuations of refugees in Libya, very little attention was paid to the sufferings and challenges of those Indians who had decided to stay back.The number was very difficult to verify as Embassy of India had shifted from Tripoli to Tunisia during the war but not less than two to three thousand Indians would have preferred to remain despite eminent threat to their lives and security.Most of those who had decided to stay back belonged to the community of university teachers, medical professionals, nurses, business entrepreneurs and some other essential staff in the construction companies.My place of residence before and even during the conflict was Zliten, the city which had witnessed some of the most fierce bombing campaign by NATO and the city which inhabited more number of Indians than those of Khooms, Zawiya, Tripoli, Benghazi and other places.The primary concern for Indian nationals was that of security as unpredictable nature of events ruled the ground. The sound of gun shots was a common occurrence. Often the rebels and the government forces would exchange fire. Most of the Indians would opt to remain inside unless the car or bus came to fetch them for office.Day by day, communications were coming to a halt. The oil embargo on Libya had begun to affect normal life. Apart from rising prices for daily commodities, the sluggish mobile network was another worry for the Indians. Often they would try hours and hours to make a successful call to acquaintances.The north African country which had never witnessed power-cut for months and years even for a single minute before, did have frequent disruptions of supply during the war. That added woes to the availability of water. Many of the Indians would simply walk for a kilometer to take water from friends' houses where generator or more water storage was likely to be available.As a result, Indians were worried about their survival. They began to question their rationale for staying back. Whenever fierce fighting would erupt in the streets, they would plan to pack up and move, and whenever there was a little calm, they would reconsider their decision to stay.Fluctuations of opinions in favour of travelling or against worried most of the Indians. In fact, both optimism and pessimism in unison wrapped the daily concern of their living.However, those who could not bear the exertion of war and sufferings, resigned from the posts and decided to travel. One of them was Dr. Bharat from the state of Maharashtra. He was a surgeon in the city hospital. Many other nurses also followed the same while others still hanged on in the hope of early end of crisis.One of the extraordinary instances of courage came from an Indian hailing from the state of Tamil Nadu. His name was Kavi Stanley. He was a network engineer. He had lost his job just after 17th February, 2011...the day revolution in Libya started.To survive, he had to work as a private tutor in the College of Arts and Sciences, Zliten without any regular salary on his way. He often banked upon his friends for monetary assistance, and thus incurred heavy debts. But he never gave up hope.Equal heroism was shown by Abdul Majid Sheikh coming from Nagpur. He was a business entrepreneur and had been in Libya for years. The war witnessed his thousands of dollars of grain stock being ruined and had heavy losses in trade, yet he stood by hardships.Those university teachers from India who were in the government jobs had often despair to contend with. For three months, i.e., February, March and April of 2011, there was no release of salary. Tension grew higher and survival looked bleak, yet the Indians were inspired from one another's sufferings and resolve to stay and work.Salutation to those Indian women, working as nurses, who displayed a high degree of courage and determination to heal both the fighters and civilians injured in the battlefield.Acknowledgment is also to those housewives and children who suffered due to lack of food and milk for babies, yet they never submitted.The risk was, indeed, higher than one could ever imagine. Once while coming from college, I had a narrow escape, possibly fifty meters away from the bombing target of NATO over a military base in Zliten. We felt we would die that day but survived luckily.Despite all hardships and challenges, the Indian nationals were on duty in the day or in the night, and thus showed exemplary amount of solidarity with the natives in time of their miseries and misfortunes.Libya did not have as much urgency of foreign staff, particularly Indians, as during the time of war, for most of the immigrants had already left the country out of fear and danger.India's greatness does not lie only in its gigantic population, massive military build-up and technological supremacy on the global stage but also lies in the unrewarding services of its common men and women on a foreign soil to those in need and pain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12973366", "title": "President election: BJP to woo allies", "text": "INDORE: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) will take into confidence all its allies and partners while finalizing the candidate for the Presidential and vice-presidential polls. Stating this while addressing a meet-the-press organized by the Indore Press Club here on Wednesday, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari said he would speak to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar and Sharad Yadav on the issue.He made the observation when he was asked to comment on the statement by leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj who supported the candidature of former President APJ Abdul Kalam's President of India.Senior leaders including Sharad Yadav are ruffled by the fact that Swaraj expressed her desire on 'behalf' of the NDA. However, the national president came out in defence of her saying \"She had replied to a query.\"Gadkari said, \"Before finalizing the names of the candidates for the posts of President and vice-president, talks would be held with the NDA leaders individually as well as collectively. Talks will also be held with small parties, since the regional parties have assumed a lot of importance today,\" he said. He said that the possibility of arriving at a consensus with some political parties, which are now part of the UPA, would also be explored.Gadkari accused the UPA government of ignoring the main opposition party while deciding the candidature for presidential polls. About the master blaster Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to Rajya Sabha, the BJP leader said the cricketer has already made his stand clear that he is more interested in cricket than politics.\"The party has suffered a debacle in the recent assembly elections. By roping in personalities like Rekha and Sachin, Congress has proved that it is desperate to change its sagging image,' he added.Taking a dig at the UPA government, he said the Congress -led UPA government has failed miserably on all fronts. Gadkari said the BJP government in Madhya Pradesh is taking action against the corrupt and there are no issues with the law and order situation.\"I fear that Nagpur may be left behind in the race of development. Indore has grown manifold since my last visit to the city in 1998,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972460", "title": "Gadkari\u2019s push brings NMC office bearers on track", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after BJP national president Nitin Gadkari held a meeting with the officials and office bearers of Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), mayor Anil Sole and his team have swung into action. On Wednesday, a meeting was held and the issue of developing vegetable and meat markets at 25 places across the city was discussed.Sole told reporters that from now onwards, meetings will be organized daily to expedite developmental works and to solve various kinds of problems prevailing in the city. \"A meeting on the market issues was held on Wednesday. The vegetable markets are in place in around 18 to 20 places but they are not properly developed. Citizens face great inconvenience as many of the vegetable vendors encroach on the roads. Markets will be developed in 25 places within a year,\" he said.Sources said Gadkari raised the issue in the meeting held on Tuesday.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari said the places have been identified for developing vegetable and meat markets separately. \"Wholesale fish market located in front of Mayo Hospital will be shifted to Bharatwada in an 8-acre land obtained by the NMC from NIT.Vegetable market will be developed in 5-6 acres land available on Ring Road at Dwarkapuri. Three vegetable markets will be developed on the land reserved for London Street between Khamla and Jaitala. Half of the mutton market at Mominpura will be developed as vegetable market. Similarly, markets will be developed at Mangalwari, between Manish Nagar and Shyam Nagar, Pardi, Rameshwari, Manewada, Bhandewadi, Dighori, Yashodara Nagar, Jaffar Nagar, in front of Satranjipura Zone office, Jagnath Budhwari and below Panchpaoli railway overbridge,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke, deputy mayor Sandip Jadhav, corporator Sandip Joshi, deputy leaders Munna Yadav and Neeta Thakre, Chandan Goswami and others were present.Anand further said that a wrong message goes with such meetings. \"Gadkari himself is raising questions on efficiency of his party's office bearers in the NMC. It also means Gadkari is interested in few projects worth crores. NMC is not the company of Gadkari,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973098", "title": "Maharashtra to dissolve trust if shrine is burgled", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government will dismiss a shrine's trust if theft cases are reported at the place of worship.\"If cases of theft are reported at places of worship, the home department will write to the charity commissioner's office, asking it to dissolve the trust of that respective temple or shrine,\" home minister R R Patil told TOI.The move to initiate stringent action against the erring trustees of shrines comes close on the heels of theft cases at the Diveagar temple in Raigad and at Ambejogai temple in Beed. However, according to a senior home department official, in both cases of theft, the CCTV was non-functional.Citing the government resolution (GR), which mentions that safety and security of religious places is the responsibility of the respective trust, the official said, \"Trustees of places of worship have been asked to have adequate security arrangement such as CCTV cameras, security alarms and night vision cameras. The administration has even told the management of religious places to maintain records of staff and priests working with them. But, despite repeated warnings, the trustees have been ignoring the suggestion made by the government authorities.\"\"If any theft cases are reported by a temple or shrine, the charity commissioner will dissolve the trust and appoint a government administrator,\" the official added.The home minister said, \"There are hundreds of shrines in the state. It is not possible to deploy policemen for every one of them. Places of worship will have to make there own security arrangement. To ensure that religious places comply with the norms, the government has decided to hold trustees accountable for the lacuna in the security system.\"Mangesh Shinde, chief executive officer of Siddhivinayak trust, refused to comment on the issue. However, Jayant Sasane, ex-chairman of Saibaba Sansthan Trust, Shirdi, disagreed with government's stand on the issue. \"Trustees of major shrines and religious places alone cannot handle the security arrangements. Instead of putting the complete onus on the trustees of shrines, the state government and members of the religious trust should jointly make security arrangements and address the issue of theft in shrines,\" Sasane added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973794", "title": "Satyajit Ray's famous detective Feluda in a new avatar?", "text": "KOLKATA: How old would Feluda be today? Is he still a private investigator or has he given up sleuthing? Where does he go to eat on Saturday afternoons now that Blue Fox is no more? Is yoga still his favourite exercise in the age of gyms? If these questions ever intrigued you, know that you are not alone. None less than filmmaker Goutam Ghose has been wondering how Feluda, the famous detective created by Satyajit Ray, has been lately. So much so that he even wishes to make a film, resurrecting Feluda from where Ray left him.Unlike Arthur Conan Doyle who killed Sherlock Holmes by making him fall off a cliff while fighting his arch enemy Moriarty, Ray made no such suggestion even in his last few Feluda novels like 'London-e Feluda' and 'Bhuswarga Bhoyonkar'. Doyle had to bring Holmes back on public demand in 'The Return of Sherlock Holmes', but that is not possible with Feluda because his creator is no more. So his fans have no choice but to keep thirsting and once in a while giving vent to their imaginations.But if all goes well, Ghose would soon present you with a brand new Feluda story. \"You can call it a 'Return of Feluda'. I have a story in mind....a very special idea about Feluda and how he has been lately. Though the basis of this story is still the incomparable character that Satyajit Ray created, I wish to let my imagination travel further. However, there are copyright issues involved and nothing of this will be possible unless I get permission from the Ray family,\" Ghose said.This is not the first time that Ghose would be taking a re-look at a Ray creation. His film 'Abar Aranye' is a sequel to the immortal Ray creation, 'Aranyer Din Ratri'.He is at the moment busy shooting for his Bengali film 'Shunyo Anka', where Konkona Sen Sharma plays the role of a journalist and Soumitro Chattopadhyay, the original Feluda of Ray's films, plays a prominent role. \"Despite my hectic schedule, I cannot help going back to Feluda, today being the 92nd birth anniversary of Ray,\" Ghose said.Till date, all Feluda films have either been directed by the senior Ray or by his son, filmmaker Sandip Ray. \"I have already discussed the project, albeit informally, with Sandip Ray and boudi (Satyajit Ray's wife Bijoya Ray). I will have to seek their permission before I take the plunge,\" informed Ghose.He, however, explained that his Feluda story will have an entirely different storyline, set in modern surroundings. \"Both the storyline and the idea are mine, but nothing can progress unless I have Sandip Ray by my side. I will deliberately not divulge more at the moment,\" Ghose said.Sandip Ray that in the past, some filmmakers like Anjan Dutta had expressed their willingness to make Feluda films. \"However, they always wanted to make films based on a published Feluda story of my father's. Anjan Dutta, for example, wanted to make a film based on 'Gangtok-e Gondogol'. Never before has any filmmaker thought of re-creating Feluda. So Goutam Ghose's idea is certainly new, but we are yet to discuss anything,\" said the junior Ray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12971937", "title": "Three murder convicts get life terms", "text": "NAGPUR: Sessions court has sentenced Israr alias Papa Gulab Khan, Kunal Itban and Rakesh Raut alias Burya to life imprisonment for killing Raja Chandrayya Naidu. Second additional session judge GJ Akarte also imposed a fine of Rs 3,000 each on the accused. The court has extended benefit of doubt to fourth accused Narendra Gawande, who was acquitted. Additional public persecutor, Deepak Kolhe, pleaded for the prosecution.According to Kolhe, Raja had been trying to demolish Israr's hut for a long time. The latter had lodged a report with Gittikhadan police station. Raja was initially detained but after the issue was settled, Raja was released. On January 3, 2009, the accused took Raja towards Ramna area and they consumed alcohol. However, taking advantage of the situation , they started beating Raja.Naresh Kulsunge witnessed the incident and rushed to Raja's house to inform his family. When the members reached the spot, the accused were fleeing after killing Raja. While they managed to catch Kunal, the others escaped. He was handed over to police officials.Police registered the crime under Section 302 of Indian Penal Code on the basis of the complaint lodged by deceased's brother-in-law Babua Pande. Incriminating articles were seized from the spot and after completion of investigation, charge sheet was submitted for trial. Oral evidence coupled with medical and incriminating documents proved the three accused guilty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "12974508", "title": "Nilambur-Meppadi hill highway project awaits central clearance", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The proposed road connecting Nilambur in Malappuram district and Meppadi in Wayanad, which is part of state's proposed Hill Highway project, will have to be cleared by the Central Environment Ministry to be implemented.This is because the road, if constructed, will pass through ecologically highly sensitive area in the Western Ghats. Researchers have found that the project will cause massive destruction to the rich biodiversity of the region. However, pressure is mounting on the government from various quarters in Nilambur and Wayanad for expediting the construction of this road.Those who support the highway project say it will help the overall development of the high ranges. It will reduce the distance from Wayanad to the southern districts of the state by 70 km, as also reduce the distance from Kochi to Bangalore or Mysore by 70 km.It will give tourism in the region a boost as the road links Nilambur, Adyanpara waterfalls, Kakkadampoil Hills, Meenmutty waterfalls, Soochipara waterfalls, Kanthanpara waterfalls, Chembra Peak, Meppadi, Ambalavayal and Edakkal caves.Though the proposed route connects Nilambur, Chungathara, Uppada, Thampurattikkallu, Munderi, Arunappuzha, Chooralmala, Mundakai and Meppadi, a new road will have to be laid only on the 8-km Chooralmala-Munderi stretch. This stretch encompasses 8.4 hectares of forest and a combined area of 10.3 hectares of private estates and revenue land. It's the road on this stretch that has been awaiting clearance from the state Forest Department and the Central Environment Ministry for the last three years.The alignment of the first phase of the Hill Highway, from Nandarappadavu in Kasaragod district to Palakkad town was approved in 2005. The Nilambur-Meppadi stretch falls under this.Ratheesh Narayanan, senior scientist at Dr M S Swaminathan Research Foundation, said, as the region is rich in biodiversity, there was no possibility of the Environment Ministry clearing the project. \"The project will destroy the flora and fauna of this underexplored region, he said.A recent study conducted by the Foundation found nine new species of plants in the region. \"The region is rich in many endemic species of plants and animals. The number of species facing threat of extinction in the region is more than that of the Silent Valley National Park,\" Ratheesh said.However, Biju Ninan, general secretary, Nilambur Rail-Road Action Council said the road would form an important tourist link. It will connect the proposed 'Eastern Tourist Corridor' based in Nilambur with various tourist spots in Wayanad district.\" he said. The project would not affect nature as only a small portion of forest land would need to be acquired for the road, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12974333", "title": "Nupur moves Supreme Court after CBI court rejects bail plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: Denied relief by Ghaziabad's CBI court on Wednesday, Nupur Talwar directly moved the Supreme Court seeking bail in the Aarushi-Hemraj double murder case.As Nupur spent her third day in Dasna jail, the bail application was filed in her pending petition seeking review of the apex court's January 6, 2012 order asking her to face trial in the case as per the trial court's February 9, 2011 order.The review petition is listed for hearing on Friday before a bench of Justices A K Patnaik and J S Khehar, which on April 27 had declined to stay the arrest warrant issued against her by the trial court and asked Nupur to surrender on April 30.Earlier, the special CBI judge denied Nupur bail saying she was accused not only of murdering her daughter Aarushi but also a poor domestic help, Hemraj, who worked in their house to earn a livelihood. Using strong words, judge Shyam Lal held that there was, prima facie, sufficient evidence to suggest her involvement in the murders.Hearing the order, both husband and wife broke down - Nupur inside the jail and Rajesh Talwar outside the court. Nupur, sources said, was tracking news of her bail application on TV from the jail.In his order, the special judge said, \"Looking at the seriousness of the offence and severity of the punishment provided, I am not inclined to exercise the discretion in favour of the accused applicant to grant bail.When Talwar's lawyers pointed out that she was the mother of the murdered girl and asked how a creator could destroy her own offspring, the judge observed, \"Everything is possible these days... when moral values are fast declining and one can stoop to the lowest extent\".\"She is accused of killing her progeny... She is also accused of obliterating the evidence of the twin murders. At this stage it will not be proper to advert to the merits of the case,\" he said in a four-page order.Accepting the CBI's contention, the judge noted that if given bail, Nupur may flee from justice and create hindrance in the speedy disposal of the case, as directed by the Supreme Court. The judge also rejected Nupur's claim of parity with her husband, who is on bail, and also her plea for bail on the ground of being a woman.Citing an earlier apex court judgment, he said it has been held in heinous offences like dowry death cases, the provision of bail to woman, and sick and old persons is not mandatory but discretionary.\"The accused applicant has tried her best to avoid appearance in court... just to scuttle the fair and smooth progress of the case and even circumvented orders passed by superior courts, and therefore her conduct has been such which disentitles her to be released on bail,\" the court said.Seeking Nupur's bail, her lawyer G P Thareja had earlier said she and her husband had undergone all sorts of scientific tests like polygraph, brain-mapping and narco analysis, and had come out \"clean as a whistle\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973148", "title": "\u2018Short\u2019 signal at bus rapid transit intersection leads to long queues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Peak-hour traffic seems to have taken its toll on the bus rapid transit (BRT) corridor. Sources said that large volume of traffic had brought the automatic signal system at the BRT intersection to a saturation point, prompting DIMTS (Delhi Integrated Multi-Modal Transit System) to switch to manual mode for traffic management on Wednesday.The result was obvious as commuters complained of shortened signals on the corridor. Many taking a right or left turn on the Chirag Dilli crossing towards Moolchand or Chirag Dilli, respectively, said that signal timing had been brought down to as little as 15 seconds, enabling only a vehicle or two to cross the intersection. As a result, long queues could be seen at the crossing.DIMTS, however, said that it had not changed the signal cycle at the intersection. A DIMTS spokesperson said, \"The signal cycles at the intersections will be changed during the trials by CRRI. At present, we are following the normal signal cycle length, depending on whether it's on auto or manual mode.\" Asked if the intersections on the BRT corridor had been changed to manual mode through the day, the official said that there was no fixed timetable for signal management. \"In auto mode, it depends on vehicular demand and in manual mode, it depends on vehicular density,\" said the official. According to DIMTS, the maximum signal cycle time is 240 seconds at the Chirag Dilli intersection while the maximum time for any arm or direction is 50-70 seconds. However, a daily commuter, Abhinav Sood, said, \"The right turn to Moolchand when coming from Savitri Cinema was only 15 seconds today. The light would turn red after only a car or two had passed.\" Sood said that the signal at this turn is usually around 20 seconds during non-peak hours on other days. A signal cycle incidentally, is the time the light changes from green to red and then back to green again.DIMTS officials said that the auto mode determines the traffic load based on information fed by its intelligence system, which gauges the distance of the vehicle queue at the intersection. The maximum distance till which the auto mode can detect traffic from the signal is 200m. \"In manual mode though, the signal length changes depending on the density of traffic, and can vary,\" said the spokesperson. Sources however, said that with high traffic volume, the intersections on the BRT had reached saturation on the auto mode, forcing the manual mode to be in effect at all times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972373", "title": "\u2018Fire NOC within 10 days\u2019", "text": "NAGPUR: Taking serious cognizance of delay in disposing of applications seeking no objection certificate (NOC) from Fire Department, mayor Anil Sole has directed the officials to clear the applications within 10 days.Sole said action will be taken in case any application is not cleared within 10 days. \"Department may grant or refuse the application but decision should be taken in 10 days. Directives have been issued to give details of all pending applications. The applicants who face delay should contact deputy municipal commissioner RZ Siddiqui,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973000", "title": "Kerala fishermen's killing: SC permits Italian ship Enrica Lexie to leave India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday ordered release of Italian merchant vessel Enrica Lexie, which was seized by Kerala Police a day after firing by two Marines aboard the ship killed two fishermen off the Kerala coast on February 15.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale said the ship would be released after its owners furnished to Kerala High Court a bank guarantee of Rs 3 crore, an undertaking to produce the master of the ship and the five crew members within five weeks of being summoned by the investigating officer, court or any lawful authority and produce the ship within seven weeks of being summoned.The ship owner and its Indian agent had agreed to these conditions right from the beginning but the release of the vessel was delayed as the Kerala government wanted an assurance about the production of the four other Marines aboard Enrica Lexie as witnesses.The release order was passed only the Italian government agreed to produce the other four Marines as and when summoned as witnesses by the investigating officer, court or other lawful authorities with the liberty that they would be free to challenge the legality of the summons before a competent Indian court.Italy may have toned down its sovereign immunity stand by agreeing to produce the Marines as witnesses but it scored an important political point back home by successfully resisting disembarking of the guards, who will now sail with the ship after the vessel owners complete the formalities.Senior advocate Harish Salve underlined the criticality of Italy's domestic compulsion when he insisted that the Marines could not be disembarked by the ship owner or the master of the ship, who had no control over Marine naval officers. \"Politically, it is important for Republic of Italy that the Marines sail with the ship,\" he said.The bone of contention between the Union government, Kerala and Italy was over production of the four Marines aboard the Italian ship as witnesses to the February 15 incident.Salve agreed to bring the four Marines if and when they were summoned as witnesses but was firm that the Marines, being naval officers deployed directly by its defence ministry to fight pirates, enjoyed sovereign immunity and that the crime happened in international waters warranting resolution of the issue between India and Italy in an international forum.Attorney general G E Vahanvati and Kerala government through Gopal Subramaniam termed the stand on sovereign immunity, crime being committed in international waters and the dispute being between India and Italy as unacceptable. The point and counter-points passionately argued by both sides sparked a minor spat with Salve threatening to withdraw from the proceedings before the court.The AG and Subramaniam agreed that the court could take on record Italy's stand and note that the governments of India and Kerala did not accept its correctness. The court also recorded the Union government's stand that Italy's position \"will not prejudice any proceeding pending before the Supreme Court or any other court\".Italy has already filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court seeking quashing of the criminal proceedings in Kerala and release of its two Marines on the ground that Kerala Police had no jurisdiction to investigate the crime which happened in international waters.On the compromise agreements between the Italian government and the families of the two killed fishermen and the boat owner, the court said it was prima facie void and was to be ignored in the proceedings related to release of the ship. Kerala government said it would challenge the legality of the agreements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12975243", "title": "Ground beneath us drying up", "text": "CHENNAI: Here is some bad news. The city's ground water table is shrinking, ranging from 1 metres to 3 metres in different areas. The exponential growth of the population and commercial activities leading to over-exploitation of surface water resources are cited as the reasons. Kathiri or Agni Natchatrim, the peak summer season, is set to begin on Friday.The findings from observation wells of the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board in 90 places say the water table in sandy areas like Tondiarpet, Chintadripet, Mylapore, Besant Nagar and Tiruvanmiyur in April shrunk by an average of 0.2 metres last month from the level in April 2011. In places such as Kolathur, MKB Nagar, Pulianthope, Anna Nagar, T Nagar, Virugambakkam and KK Nagar, where the soil is clay, the table shrunk by an average of 0.3 metres from last year's level. In hard-rock areas like Saidapet, Little Mount, Velachery, Guindy and Taramani, it shrunk by as much as 0.6 metres from last year's level.The situation, however, could improve when the south-west monsoon sets in next month. \"It is time premonsoon preparations, including cleaning rainwater harvesting structures, began ,\" said Sekar Raghavan, director of Rain Centre, which works on promoting rainwater harvesting. \"A law enacted in 2003 mandates the existence of RWH structures in buildings. Unless this is adhered to, the aquifers will be hit.\" In 2003, a drought year, the water table fell by more than 3-4 metres in areas like T Nagar and Saidapet.Recharge of natural aquifers is possible in sandy areas, but when the soil is clay or full of hard rock roof water harvesting and sumps. \"People should be sensitized on harnessing rain water, for which a concession can be given like in Bangalore. Recharge bore wells and tube wells have to be installed in open spaces in the Chennai Metropolitan Area for collection of rain water to percolate and recharge the aquifers,\" said Dr S Thillaigovindarajan , a hydro-geologist and consultant, Institute of Remote Sensing, Anna University.During the rains, most of the runoff usually flows into the sea instead of being diverted to temple tanks/water bodies because most of the drains through which this can be done are choked. \"There are more than 40 lakes in the Chennai Metropolitan Area and about 50% of the recharging can be done through this,\" said Neer Exnora chairman S Rangarajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974115", "title": "Bus terminals across Maharashtra to get a makeover by year-end", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has drawn up plans for modernization of some major bus terminals in the state where passenger amenities will also be improved. Terminals in Pune city may be included in the modernization, state transport officials said here on Wednesday.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who met the transport secretary and MSTRC officials last week, told them to prioritise improvement of passenger amenities. Plans for modernization of bus terminals should focus on better facilities for passengers, he said.Bus terminals should have rest rooms for passengers, rest rooms for drivers and conductors, an area for autorickshaw stand, parking facilities, and area for passengers' movement. There should also be adequate space for parking of buses and their movement, he added.The modernization effort will be on build-operate-transfer basis. Chavan said that 70 % of the bus terminal area should be for the terminus, and the rest should be for commercial use. Six divisions where the number of passengers and movement of buses are heavy should be given priority for modernization.For environment protection, the new buildings could also be planned as green buildings, he said. At last week's meeting, principal secretary of the transport department S K Sharma said that one terminal in each division will be modernized as a pilot project.The tenders will be published in July and a decision about work contracts is expected by October. Actual work would begin by the year-end, he added.Pune's three bus terminals at Swargate, Pune station and Shivajinagar have just the basic facilities for passengers. Proper toilets, seating arrangements, rest rooms, cleanliness, and proper passenger information systems are lacking. The terminals do not have area for movement of passengers, and adequate parking facilities for buses and other vehicles.As per the MSRTC's plan, as many as 574 bus terminals are to be modernized. At a meeting held last October in Pune, MSTRC's vice-chairman and managing director Deepak Kapoor had said that Chavan had directed the corporation to make all bus stations as economic hubs. Bus stations would have a new look with modern facilities including shops, digital theatres and so on, he had said.The bus terminals have been put into six categories. The corporation had appointed 16 design consultants to redevelop the bus terminals. In smaller cities or towns, bus stations will shops selling agricultural produce and seeds for farmers. In such places, the corporation will incur the expenditure for redevelopment of the bus stations, Kapoor had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972696", "title": "Ministers slam govt for neglecting drought areas", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as it struggles to come to terms with the severity of the water crisis in the state's drought-hit regions, the government is split over allegations of \"utter neglect and apathy\". Senior ministers are accusing their own government for not caring enough for districts and talukas where the crisis is acute, and diverting the relief machinery towards the wealthier Western Maharashtra (dominated by the NCP), leaving Marathwada and Vidarbha in the lurch.Confusion remains in the government over the districts or talukas that are actually affected by drought. Congress leaders believe this is a deliberate attempt to clandestinely divert funds to Western Maharashtra. A list of 15 districts has been released, but affected talukas have not been named. \"We asked for the names of the talukas, but neither the chief minister nor the deputy CM have revealed them. We are not sure to which areas this money will go,\" said a senior cabinet minister.In the wake of the criticism, the state cabinet on Wednesday announced a slew of relief measures, but not before being reminded that in the 40 years since the state's worst drought in 1971, the government has failed to implement the recommendations of two fact-finding committees. Water resources minister Nitin Raut hit out at the government for not making efforts to complete water supply projects on time and increase areas under irrigation.Of the total Rs 200 crore demanded for constructing check dams and channels in 63 water scarce talukas, the government only sanctions Rs 2 cr, he is believed to have said in the cabinet meet.The area covered under irrigation in the state does not exceed 20%, and 805 of this is dependent on rainfall. The irrigation schemes at GosheKurde and Krishna Valley have been planned to expand irrigated land. \"But they have had no bearing on the ground,\" said a Congress minister.Among the measures announced for the 7,753 villages in 15 districts the government decided to grant compensation of Rs 8000 per hectare (up to 2 hectare) for areas under fruit crop in these 15. Apart from cancelling leaves of the officers, the worst hit areas of Sangli (443) and Satara (349 villages), followed by Ahmednagar district, the state has so far distributed 10,000 tonne fodder, initiated 51 fodder depots and three camps. Services of 892 tankers are being used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972346", "title": "BJP councillors want to revise budgets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Flush from their recent poll success, BJP councillors are planning to take on the Congress led Delhi government for \"imposing\" its budgetary writ on the three new municipal corporations.The councillors are unhappy as the corporations were made to adopt budgets approved by the Delhi government-appointed director local bodies (DLB) in their first House meetings. Accusing the government of denying the corporations their \"constitutional right\" of preparing budgets, BJP has even moved a proposal to revise the budgets.\"That the three budgets were prepared without consultation is an indication that the Delhi government wants to control the civic agencies. The budgets were prepared after the election results were declared. DLB should have consulted us,'' said Subhash Arya, leader of the House in South Delhi Municipal Corporation.Councillors are also upset as their spending power has been cut from Rs 2.05 crore to Rs 50 lakh. \"All ward related work is done using a councillor's fund. In the last two budgets we had given an additional Rs 1.55 crore to councillors. But now their powers have been curtailed. This is Delhi government's move to weaken the corporations,'' said Mahinder Nagpal, leader of the House in North Delhi Municipal Corporation.BJP councillors of East Corporation want the fund increased to Rs 1 crore. \"We had to accept the budget as we didn't want the work to suffer. But we are not happy with the allocations. We are starting the corporation, which has no major source of revenue, with a deficit budget,'' said Mehak Singh, member of the East Corporation's standing committee.BJP blames the government for the additional financial load of Rs 1,211 crore on North and East corporations. \"We are starting the new corporation with a huge loan given to us at a very high interest rate,\" said Meera Aggarwal, mayor of the North Corporation, adding the government should have let the corporations decide whether they wanted the loans.DLB had directed the unified MCD to split its budget - passed in January - and the loan of Rs 1,211 crore between the three corporations. \"We have retained all the sections of the MCD budget, dividing the funds section-wise, as per the needs of the corporations,'' said an official who was involved in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973245", "title": "Home is where dreams take wing", "text": "BANGALORE: Helplessness transformed into anger as Shumnima Rai, a student from Sikkim , landed up in a Bangalore police station to complain about her missing mobile phone. \"The lady cop who was taking down the complaint knew neither Hindi nor English. Since I couldn't speak Kannada, I was finding it difficult to communicate the problem and the cop thought I was being rude to her. I too became uncomfortable by her rudeness, until a male cop came and took control of the situation. The lady cop apologized and I too, simmered down,\" recounts Shumnima.Over the past year, living as a student in Bangalore, Shumnima says she is making an attempt to learn Kannada. \"It helps me deal with underlying discrimination. Auto drivers know I don't belong to the city and stereotype me as a stupid girl, often taking me on wrong routes and charging more. Ever since I started learning Kannada, I've not been taken for a ride,\" she says. Shumnima is among the increasing population of residents from the Northeastern states, who are in the city for work and study.Yuvraj Gurung from Darjeeling, who works as an editor with an online portal, observes that the problem of discrimination and resultant violence is a circumstance of identity and perception. \"Over the past 10 years, I've lived in Chennai as a student and now in Bangalore as a professional. Landlords have refused to rent homes to me because of my ethnicity. Over time, I've learnt about the sensibilities of the people here and adapted myself by learning to speak Tamil and Kannada. I've toned down my style of dressing - no flashy hairdo like I sported back home. By adapting myself, life is more peaceful,\" explains Gurung.Elizabeth Dangmei, too, is back from Nagaland with a similar attitude. \"I first came here in 2010 to work in a call centre but fled because of the attitude of my co-workers. I was the only girl in a team of men, who commented about me in Kannada, making me feel miserable. I have now returned to look for a job and face the challenges. I've also started learning Kannada,\" says Elizabeth.Endeavouring to be part of the social system helped Gurung find accommodation in a pretty hostile city. And striding over discriminating situations with a calm demeanour helped fashion stylist Robert Naorem from Manipur create a niche for himself in Bangalore's inner circles. \"I've been here a decade. Initially, landlords turned me down, auto drivers charged me double and people called me 'Chinky'. So I learnt Kannada, it makes auto drivers happy; I turn a deaf year to racial comments, and walk free in a city that has given wing to my dreams,\" smiles Naorem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973420", "title": "Trees transplanted by Nashik Municipal Corporation dry up", "text": "NASHIK: Out of the 25 trees transplanted by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s public works department (PWD) in December 2011, only three are showing chances of survival. The PWD officials had claimed then that only one may not survive and even now aver that the survival rate could be 60-70% by monsoon.Twenty five trees that were obstacles to the widening of the road near Rathi Amrai, off Gangapur Road, were transplanted by the PWD in December 2011. The road was widened by seven metres on either side of the one-meter divider. The NMC had allowed transplantation of 25 trees that were obstacles to the widening of road, abiding by the Maharashtra (urban areas) protection &amp; preservation of trees Act, 1975. According to section 7(e) of the Act, transplanting every felled tree is mandatory for the local body and this duty has nothing to do with the duty of people who have the responsibility of planting another tree in lieu of they propose to fell.Tree activists who witnessed the transplantation said that the trees had been transplanted very haphazardly and that no expert was seen during the transplantation process. Assistant engineer of the PWD Nitin Rajput, who was in charge of the road widening, said that the trees that came in the carriageway were mainly of the gulmohar (flame tree) and rain tree varieties. He had claimed that of the 25 transplanted trees, only one may not survive.Five months after the process, only three Gulmohar trees seems to have survived, two rain trees might survive while five trees are almost dead and the remaining are almost completely dry.Rajput said, \"These trees are dry because of summer season, once it starts raining, 60-70% will survive. We have used the best manure and have watered the trees regularly for two-and-a-half months.\" Tree activists said transplanted trees need to be watered and taken care of for 1-2 years and wax needs to be applied on exposed parts.While activists said the PWD has not taken any precautions before and while transplanting the trees, the gardens department said they were not asked for any guidance for transplantation.The activists said the trees were just lifted and placed in pits, while they should have been picked up with four feet roots. They said that after the PWD acquired permission for transplanting the trees, they were verbally told how it was to be done by the gardens department. \"We asked them to use caradax powder for the root and dung to cover the exposed parts,\" he said.The PWD is confident of the survival rate of the trees and said that they have used the best fertilizer but tree activists said that the exposed parts resulted in evaporation of water, and hence the trees have gone dry. They doubt if the trees would survive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973508", "title": "Unable to take offline AIEEE, aspirants can go for online", "text": "BHOPAL: Candidates, who could not appear for offline AIEEE 2012 will get another opportunity to appear online.The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) has given the opportunity to such students to appear for online test scheduled to be organised on May 12, 19 and 26. Around 1.5 lakh students are expected to appear for the exam in state. The online test will be held only in Bhopal .According to official website aieee.nic.in, students who opted for offline mode of examination and could not appear for the examination on April 29 this year can apply online. The website makes it clear that the CBSE can allot any other date to such candidates in case seats are not available on three scheduled dates.When contacted, students said they are happy over the opportunity. \"I could not appear for the offline exam because of accident. Now, I have enough time to recuperate and appear for examination,\" said an AIEEE aspirant, Shikhar Guptad. Another student, Prerna Vishwakrma said she could not attend offline exam owing to other engagements. \"Fortunately, the CBSE has given me the opportunity to appear in online test,\" Prerna said.According to the CBSE, irrespective of the requests submitted, only those candidates would be considered valid for online test who could not appear for the AIEEE offline examination on April 29 this year.Last date for submission of request is May 5. For further information, students can log in official website of the AIEEE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12974193", "title": "Centre's delay in clearing state govt proposals worries Modi", "text": "PATNA: Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi on Wednesday expressed concern over the Central government delaying clearance of Bihar government's proposals for opening 202 Industrial Training Institutes (ITIs) at sub-divisional level in the state despite an announcement by the Prime Minister in 2007 that an ITI would be opened in every sub-division across the country.He said that the state government had sent proposals for opening of 202 ITIs in different sub-divisions of the state with certificates regarding availability of three acres of land for each centre. Modi said that the state government had also sent proposal to the Centre for opening of 2,200 Skill Development Centres (SDCs) in the state with certificates regarding availability of land for them, but the Centre was yet to give its nod for the same.The Prime Minister in 2007 had announced that 1,500 ITIs at sub-divisional level and 50,000 SDCs would be opened in the country, but the Centre had put in cold storage the state government's proposals for opening 202 ITIs at sub-divisional level and 2,200 SDCs across the state, Modi said while chairing a high-level meeting to review the functioning of ITIs in the state. The meeting was attended by minister, labour resources, Janardan Singh Sigrival, and principal secretary, labour resources department, Vyasjee. The officials apprised Modi of the move to open six more ITIs in the state to raise their number to 59.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972439", "title": "Muttemwar seeks more funds for metro rail", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP Vilas Muttemwar on Wednesday raised in Parliament the issue of funding for the proposed metro railway project for the city. He drew the attention of the House to the matter under section 377.While stressing the urgent need for an efficient and fast public transportation system in the city, Muttemwar said the population is growing at a fast pace with migration from villages to the city.It has already crossed three million-mark and is projected to touch 4 million by year 2020, he said. As a result, traffic on the city roads has also grown by leaps and bounds creating chaos on the main streets. With further population influx and heterogeneous nature of personal vehicles traffic, situation could only worsen in coming years.The idea of mass rapid transport system for every city with over 20 lakh population was mooted in 2004 by the then President APJ Abdul Kalam. It was later adopted by the UPA government which has decided to take up mass transport like metro rail or monorail projects under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission of the Union government. In March addressing the joint session of Parliament President Pratibha Patil also mentioned the need for mass rapid transport for cities.The metro rail project plan is now proposed for the city and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation has been commissioned to prepare a detailed project report for it. Now, Muttemwar has raised a pertinent issue of funding viability for the project. Under the JNNURM, only 20% of the project cost is provided as viability gap fund while the state government contributes 10%. However, he has said that this total 30% of viability fund may not be sufficient for the city metro rail to get going. Hence he has demanded that the Centre's share be hiked to 40% to attract private developers under the PPP model.Under the JNNURM, only 20% of the project cost is provided as viability gap fund while the state government contributes 10%. However, Muttemwar said that this total 30% of viability fund may not be sufficient.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972756", "title": "Antony promises swift, stern action against guilty in defence scams", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the CBI cranking up its probe into the entire BEML-Tatra case, the government on Wednesday promised swift and stringent action against those found guilty of corruption in defence deals.\"We have nothing to hide...our hands are clean. We will answer everything,\" said defence minister A K Antony in Rajya Sabha, adding the CBI's \"comprehensive inquiry\" into the BEML-Tatra case was \"going very fast\".Over the last 26 years, the armed forces have inducted 7,000 Tatra heavy-duty vehicles through a tie-up between defence PSU Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML) with first Czech firm Omnipol and then Tatra Sipox of UK. Army chief Gen V K Singh has accused a retired Lt-General of offering him a Rs 14-crore bribe to clear another lot of the \"sub-standard\" Tatra vehicles.The minister said the entire procurement of the Tatra trucks since 1986 onwards was done on the basis of the Army's demands and the GSQRs (general staff qualitative requirements) formulated by it. Antony said MoD was in \"a difficult situation\" since on one hand it was accused of delays in modernization of the armed forces and on the other had to ensure corruption-free procurements.\"Powerful countries and foreign vendors, as also Indian vendors, all want Indian business...But whenever we find something wrong, even in the last stages, we cancel contracts,\" he said.Citing the recent blacklisting of six companies, including Israeli Military Industries, Singapore Technologies Kinetics, Rheinmetall Air Defence ( Zurich ) and Corporation Defence of Russia , the minister said all dealings with them had been banned for 10 years since \"they had indulged in corrupt practices\".Antony also said MoD would \"consider very seriously\" the recommendation in the latest report of the parliamentary standing committee on defence that the government should impose a five-year ban on retiring senior military officers joining armament companies or the private sector. Now, this \"cooling off\" period for military officers is one year instead of the earlier two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973671", "title": "Madras Bar Association elects new office-bearers, 5-member panel", "text": "CHENNAI: A new set of office-bearers headed by senior advocate R Muthukumaraswamy has assumed charge at the Madras Bar Association (MBA).Muthukumaraswamy, a designated senior counsel for former additional advocate-general of Tamil Nadu , is the new president. S M Loganathan is the secretary. M Baskar and V R Kamalnathan have been elected as treasurer and librarian respectively. A five-member committee comprising S Hemalatha, U Karunakaran, R Karunagaran, P Mathivanan and H Suresh Baabu too were elected. The election was held on April 26, according to a press release", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12971865", "title": "Congress bypoll choice triggers protest", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress's proposed list of candidates for the upcoming bypolls has triggered off unrest among party workers who are against the nomination of former TDP leader Samme Rao as the candidate for Warangal district's Parkal constituency.On Wednesday morning, hundreds of Congress workers and followers of Bhupalpalli MLA and chief whip Gandra Venkataramana Reddy staged a dharna in front of the chief minister's camp office and the Gandhi Bhavan party headquarters to protest against the denial of a ticket to the chief whip's wife Gandra Jyothi.It is she who should be the Congress candidate for the Parkal seat, they maintained.Raising slogans in favour of Jyothi's candidature and against the high command's selection, party workers first staged a dharna outside the CM's office.But after being forced away by cops, they shifted their protest to Gandhi Bhavan.The protesters said that they would not allow Samme Rao to file his nomination, adding that they would not hesitate to work against him and ensure his defeat in the bypolls were the party to foist its choice upon them.The news that the Congress leadership had zeroed in on a TDP leader as its candidate for the Parkal seat has irked the chief whip's supporters.Reddy had been trying to obtain a party ticket for his wife with the desired seat being Parkal, the only constituency going to the bypolls in Telangana.But local ministers Ponnala Lakshmaiah, Basavaraju Saraiah and MP S Rajaiah are said to be against the Jyothi's nomination for the said seat on the grounds that her husband is already an MLA and DCC president.Botsa Satyanarayana, the PCC president, is reportedly in favour of a BC candidate from Parkal as the seat was earlier being represented by a leader from the community, Konda Surekha.It was Surekha's resignation which has necessitated bypolls in this Telangana constituency. Although chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy had backed Jyothi's candidature, it was the TDP leader who was finally picked as the Congress nominee after a high-level meeting in Delhi on Tuesday presided by party president Sonia Gandhi .Upset with the decision, Gandra and his wife met Kiran Kumar on Wednesday morning even as his followers carried on with their protest. The chief whip told TOI later that party workers in Warangal were shocked upon learning of the TDP leader's candidature.\"Till Tuesday afternoon, he (Samme Rao) was in the TDP. How come a TDP leader, who is still to set his foot in Congress, is now one of the party's candidates for the elections,\" Gandra said.He said that him and his wife had requested the chief minister to review the decision to field Samme Rao from Parkal and instead nominate Jyothi for the seat. Gandra had long back started campaigning for his wife in Parkal.Meanwhile, CM-baiter and health minister DL Ravidra Reddy said that it is Kiran Kumar who should be held responsible for Congress's success in the byelections.\"Since the chief minister has got his nominees selected for the seats in Kadapa district, it is his responsibility to see that these candidates win,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973757", "title": "Rapes in Bengal twice India's average, reveals National Commission for Women report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fresh from its April visit to the state, the National Commission for Women (NCW) has sent a stinker to West Bengal government pointing towards a steep rise in crime against women in the state in recent months and adding that this rise in rapes in the state in the recent past is almost twice than that of the national average.The report also, significantly, expressed the commission's \"unhappiness'' at the twin transfers where former joint CP (crime) Damayanti Sen - who investigated the Park Street gang rape case - and Pranab Kumar, SP (Bankura) - who investigated the rape case of a deaf and mute girl - were shunted out after preliminary investigations.The commission laid more emphasis on the Bankura case. \"The case is extremely distressing considering that the victim is a person of special needs and she was under the care of a doctor, who not only is alleged to have committed the crime but also breached the trust of the patient. The commission notes with dismay that the young SP who took prompt action in the matter and ensured timely enquiry was transferred,\" a three-member committee that probed the matter said in its report.The NCW had constituted a three-member inquiry committee to look into the recent incidents of crime against women in the state and it had visited Bengal in the first week of April. It comprised Wansuk Syeim and Nirmala Samant Prabhavalkar, members of the commission and Anita Agnihotri, member secretary, NCW. As a source in NCW clearly noted, the team had observed that incidents of such crimes coupled with a set of unpreparedness among the officers at the level of public contact may actually make the \"crime a nearly risk-free business for criminals\".Member secretary Anita Agnihotri said, \"The report has been placed and the NCW recommendations sent to the state government. This is not aimed to target the state government but to build a system where such issues are promptly addressed and the mistakes are rectified. While the state government can transfer any officer, the committee felt at times such acts hamper the continuity of investigations.\"In another significant development, the NCW team has also recommended review of the convention presently adopted by the Comissionerate of Police, Kolkata, which requires an order of a court before a rape victim is subjected to a medical examination. Stating that such a practice has been discontinued all across the country and even in parts of Bengal, the commission said this was against \"the spirit of law and recent judgments of Supreme Court and High courts which clearly indicate that neither the medical officers nor the accused should get advantage in the process and valuable medical evidence against the accused is lost in any matter. This, incidentally, was touted as a reason for delayed medical tests in the Park Street case.The NCW quoted an analysis of recent cases conducted by a NGO network called Maitree which pointed that West Bengal recorded the second highest number of rape cases in the country and the rate of increase in reported cases was twice the national average. Moreover, this state had the second lowest conviction rate. It said girls from the age of 7 to women of 72 were subjected to rape and that in 44% cases of gang rape 39% victims were minor girls; 17% of victims were mentally/physically disabled; 8% rapes happened in hospitals trains; in 44% of cases, accused is still absconding; in 17% of cases, women's character, or the veracity of cases were publicly questioned; about 39% of rapists were known to women; in about 25% of the cases, FIRs were not filed at all, or filed later due to public pressure or court orders to this effect; and that majority of the case took place in the districts and small towns and villages.\"The women who have been targets of attack should be offered financial compensation under provisions of the law (Section 357-A Cr.PC) by preparing an appropriate scheme, as has been done by other states. Hand-holding of the women should be done by designated field functionaries of the Women and Child Development Department so as to ensure that they do not suffer trauma and disruption of livelihood. If required, special assistance of psychologists and social workers should be provided,\" it said.The report goes on to state that victims comprised of all possible ages. Further, girls from the age of 7 to women of 72 were subjected to rape; this included housewives, working women, mentally and physically challenged women, and tribals; the incidents occurred at all times of the day and night in public places, government hospitals, homes, fields and everywhere. The rapists ranged from students to tutors, teachers, family members, robbers, political party workers and government workers among others,'' the report stated. The NCW has been asked the state to set up 24 hour help desks to help these victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973094", "title": "SC stays Gujarat HC fiat to Centre to move ICJ on 1971 POWs in Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday stayed a Gujarat High Court order directing the Union government to move the International Court of Justice on Pakistan illegally detaining 54 Indian Army men in breach of an agreement between the two countries after the 1971 war to exchange all prisoners of war.A bench of Justices R M Lodha and H L Gokhale stayed that part of the HC order directing the Centre to move the ICJ after additional solicitor general P P Malhotra and advocate Wasim A Qadri informed the court that it had complied with the other part of the direction to pay all service benefits of the Indian POWs to their kin.Hearing a petition filed by 1971 war hero Lt Gen Jagjitsingh Aurora, the HC had directed the Union of India to approach the ICJ within two months for the release of 54 POWs languishing in Pakistani jails while observing that it was in breach of the Simla Agreement signed by India and Pakistan. The HC had also asked the Centre to pay the kin of the 54 POWs full salary and retirement benefits within three months.The Centre in its appeal said India had sent back 90,000 Pakistani troops captured by the Indian Army during the war in East Pakistan (now Bangladesh) sector but \"Pakistan did not honestly fulfill its obligation and some Indian Army personnel remained in the jails of Pakistan\".\"On different source information it was found that 54 defence personnel were still in Pakistani jails. Efforts were made at appropriate level from time to time but the government of Pakistan continuously denied the presence of such POWs in their custody,\" the Centre said, adding that approaching ICJ was not an option open to India.On August 10, 1998, the 54 POWs were presumed dead and the kin of the missing defence personnel were given liberal family pension and other benefits, including family gratuity, death gratuity, ex-gratia and grants from Army Relief Fund and Centre's Benevolent Fund.It said approaching ICJ was not a viable option as the international judicial forum had rejected Pakistan's claim against India for Indian Air Force's action in shooting down Pakistan Navy's Breguet Atlantique patrol plane, carrying 16 people on board, for alleged violation of airspace. The episode took place in the Rann of Kutch on August 10, 1999, just a month after the Kargil war.The Centre said the ICJ had in Atlantique case ruled that there was a provision in Simla Accord which provided that \"the two countries are resolved to settle their differences by peaceful means mutually agreed between them\".The Union government said, \"In view of the ICJ judgment in respect of aerial incident of August 10, 1999 (Pakistan vs India), no reference in respect of missing personnel may be made to ICJ and the direction of the High Court is contrary to the Simla Agreement as well as the declaration on September 15, 1974 filed by India.\" However, the Centre said it was not disputing the benefits which had been directed by the HC to be given to the kin of the 54 missing Army personnel.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "dasna (ghaziabad)", "code": "12973082", "title": "Fast fails to bring relief, a lonely week lies ahead", "text": "DASNA (GHAZIABAD): Nupur Talwar's decision to fast while awaiting the court's decision on her bail plea on Wednesday morning caused a stir till she clarified it was not a mark of resistance but only an act of piety.Nupur started her day again at the regulation hour of 5.30am but surprised jail officials by forgoing breakfast. Jail superintendent Viresh Raj Sharma said, \"We did not force her to breakfast as the intent of her fast was religious\".However, Nupur ate lunch after meeting her husband and her mother in the jail. \"We offered her lunch after the meeting with her family and she had daal, potatoes, rice and chapati. For dinner she had daal, palak, rice and chapati,\" an official told TOI.On Wednesday, Nupur's husband Rajesh Talwar, her mother Lata and cousin Ajay Chaddha reached Dasna jail at 1.45pm and stayed with her for 22 minutes. After they left, she was seen reading the Gita, which she had borrowed from the jail library on Tuesday.Sources said Nupur will not be able to meet family members for some days now as inmates are allowed only two visits per week. \"As per the norms, family or relatives can meet inmates in jail only twice a week. As Dr Rajesh Talwar and Nupur's mother have already met her twice in jail, she will not be allowed any more visitors this week,\" said an official.Officials said Nupur seemed more reserved and quieter on Wednesday, even though she continued reciting the Hanuman Chalisa and reading from the Gita. \"She seemed confident in the morning that her prayers for an early release would be answered, and she seemed shocked by the verdict. She maintained silence throughout the day,\" a jail source said.\"As she was observing a fast, we kept a watch on her activities. During their rounds, senior jail officials asked her if she needed assistance but she did not ask for anything,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973181", "title": "Treat depressed individuals as patients, not criminals", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as Ghanshyam Nagar has been remanded to 14 days' judicial custody for attempting suicide, mental health professionals said society needs to be \"a little more compassionate\" towards those disturbed enough to seek an end to their lives.Their arrest after a failed suicide attempt will not deter them or others from taking such an extreme step, city psychiatrists told TOI on Wednesday. Moreover, instead of ensuring that the individual does not repeat the drastic attempt, the arrest may just strengthen his or her resolve to not fail the next time.What the victim needs is counselling, said doctors. Dr Bharat Shah, who consults at Lilavati Hospital, said that such individuals should be treated like patients and not criminals. \"Attempted suicide should be treated as a medical condition. One has to always keep in mind how depressed a person must have been to take such a big step. Even if the person is in custody, he should be provided with counselling,\" he said.Dr Sanjay Kumawat of the Bombay Psychiatrists' Society, added that a person who has failed a suicide attempt must be taken to a hospital not to just diagnose and treat physical injuries, but also mental health. This should be made mandatory. \"The police have their own way of handling things, which may further traumatize patients. A mental health professional, on the other hand, understands that each case is different, and needs to be treated differently, so that such an act is not repeated,\" he said.Doctors, though, said that an individual may be arrested if his or her act leads to a \"law and order situation\". As Kumawat said, \"When a person attempts suicide by taking pills or consuming something, he may not be kept in custody, as by doing this, he does not endanger somebody else's life. However, when it comes to a case like this, he could have not only died because of the fall, but may have caused accidents too. Which is why, the police may have taken him into custody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12974894", "title": "Blast victim, Poornachand gets a government job", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government on Wednesday decided to offer the job of an LD clerk to S K Poornachand, a final year student of the Bachelor of Performing Arts at the Swathi Thirunal Music College in Thiruvananthapuram.Poornachand, who had lost his left arm and right eye in a bomb blast in Kannur, is now an inmate of Sai Gramam, Thonnakkal.\"Recently, I attended a function where Poornachand sang beautifully. Everyone there appreciated him. Later, we got an application from him seeking a government job. The cabinet today decided to give him the job of an LD clerk at the Swathi Thirunal Music College,\" said chief minister Oommen Chandy. He said the decision was taken based on his present academic qualification.Poornachand, who was born at Kallakkurissi in Tamil Nadu, had a painful childhood. The boy (whose original name is Amavasi) turned to rag-picking following the death of his father. While he was checking a heap of waste at Kallikkandi in Kannur in 1998, a steel bomb which was hidden there, burst. He lost his left eye and right arm in the blast.Pooranchand, who was living on the streets of Kannur, was adopted by the Sri Sathya Sai Orphanage Trust and was sent to school.In 2007, he passed the SSLC exam and in 2009, he cleared the higher secondary exam.Poornachand, who stays at Sai Gramam, shared his joy with other inmates by distributing sweets and offering prayers at the Shirdi Sai Mandir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974781", "title": "NGOs to maintain Puri beach", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to segregate the seven-km beach in Puri into several zones and engage local communities to look after the patches, officials said on Monday. Each designated zone of the beach will be identified by a name and have a host of amenities for tourists.In the first phase, the Puri district administration has engaged Barefoot, a voluntary organization, to beautify nearly the 500-meter stretch between Bankimuhan to Panthaniwas beach. \"This will be for the first time a beach will be run by a community. We will also assist the organization to keep the beach clean and beautiful,\" Puri tourist officer Bijay Jena said.The voluntary organization has started erecting palm leaf shades and beach chairs for the comfort of visitors on the beach. The outfit will also put in place temporary cubicles where tourists, mostly women , can change their clothes after a bath in the sea.\"Lifeguards would be the most important service available on our beach. The lifeguards are being trained and will be given modern equipment to prevent drowning in the demarcated area,\" Barefoot founder Yugabrat Kar said. \"We guarantee the privacy, safety, security and comfort of tourists in our area from morning till evening (around 8pm). Beach vendors will not pester tourists. We will soon finalize a name for the stretch,\" Kar said.He said the tourists, who take the assistance of lifeguards and other amenities such as sunbath on beach chairs, massage and soft drink facilities will have to pay a user fee. \"The money will be paid to the lifeguards and security guards. We also seek the assistance of hotels, existing near the 500-meter beach,\" Kar said.Hoteliers are worried about the poor state of affairs of the beach in Chakratirtha area. The Penthakota fishing colony continued to be a bane for tourists as a number of fishermen are using the beach as toilet. \"You cannot walk, as the sand is laced with waste. Garbage is not being lifted regularly. The entire patch plunges in darkness after sundown,\" hotelier S K Das said.Also on Monday, the Puri district administration started installation of close circuit television cameras (CCTVs) on the beach. The work is likely to be completed within a week, sources said. The government will spend nearly Rs 9 lakh on the installation of high frequency surveillance cameras between Digabareni Square and Swargadwar beach. Officials said the CCTVs will help check petty crimes and tourist harassment cases on the beach. But some travel professionals were not in favour of the system saying \"It would infringe on the privacy of tourists,\" a hotelier said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977611", "title": "Prosenjit's role in 'Shanghai' based on Greek politician", "text": "Bengali film superstar Prosenjit Chatterjee's character in 'Shanghai' is based on the life of Grigoris Lambrakis, a Greek athlete who was assassinated in 1963 after he turned to political activism.\"In the 1948 Olympics, he had got a long jump silver medal and after that he got into politics. But he had an image like that of a film star in his country,\" said director Dibakar Banerjee.Releasing next month, the political thriller is based on 'Z', a 1966 novel by Vassilis Vassilikos on the outrage in Greece following the killing of Lambrakis.France-based Greek filmmaker Costa Gavras too had made a film by the same name on the novel three years later, where French actor Yves Montand had played the part of the Lambrakis.\"Prosenjit is France's Montand. The original character is based on the real-life character of that Greek politician,\" Banerjee said.Prosenjit plays a firebrand political activist by the name of Dr Ahmedi, around whose death the film is based.\"He is a social activist, but his charisma is nothing less than that of a star. Being attractive and sexy, wherever he goes, people gather around him. He manges to convince people and is a good speaker, so people listen to him,\" said the director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "12974650", "title": "Narayanpatna roads cleared after 10 days", "text": "KORAPUT: Road connectivity to Narayanpatna was partially restored on Wednesday with security forces removing blockades placed by Maoists.\"The blockades on Podapadar-Narayanpatna and Narayanpatna-Laxmipur roads were removed on Wednesday and in the next couple of days Narayanpatna-Bandhugaon road will be made available for traffic,\" said SDPO Laxmipur Y J Rao.Narayanpatna was cut-off from rest of the state for almost two weeks with Maoists putting up blockades to enforce a two-day bandh on April 20 and 21. They had felled big trees on the roadside on the Narayanpatna-Laxmipur, Narayanpatna-Podapadar and Narayanpatna-Bandhugaon roads to obstruct traffic. \"Security forces and bomb disposal squads removed the blockades and road sensitization work was carried out to ensure that there is no explosive planted by the Maoists,\" Rao said. But the road connectivity between Narayanpatna and Parvitipuram in Andhra Pradesh remains cut-off. \"We will be clearing the Narayanpatna-Bandhugaon road in the next couple of days,\" the SDPO said.The officer said a bomb disposal squad will stay at Narayanpatna for the next few days and all the major roads of the block will be sensitized to ascertain that no explosives are planted by the Maoists. The opening of the Narayanpatna-Laxmipur road comes as a big relief for people who were facing problems. It was impossible to shift patients from Narayanpatna to other hospitals. The block was also facing shortage of essential commodities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974679", "title": "Creative world", "text": "To be creative is not merely to produce poems, or statues, or children; it is to be in that state in which truth can come into being. Truth comes into being when there is a complete cessation of thought; and thought ceases only when the self is absent, when the mind has ceased to create, that is, when it is no longer caught in its own pursuits.J Krishnamurti * Be creative. Don't be worried about what you are doing - one has to do many things - but do everything creatively, with devotion. Then your work becomes worship. Then whatsoever you do is a prayer. And whatsoever you do is an offering at the altar.\"Osho * There are painters %who transform the sun into a yellow spot, but there are others who with the help of their art and their intelligence, transform a yellow spot into the sun.Pablo Picasso", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978259", "title": "One Direction rocks Auckland", "text": "The very suave &amp; chic British-Irish boy band One Direction rocked the New Zealand audience with three packed gigs, two in Auckland (21st April) &amp; one in Wellington (22nd April). Their popularity in kiwi land could be gauged from the fact that the tickets to their concert were fully sold out within a couple of minutes of being put up on the net. The fab five, Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles, Louis Tomlinson, as they are popularly known sent hundreds of girls into hysterical mode, as they set the stage on fire at the Trust Stadium in Henderson, Auckland.1D shot into prominence at the American music show X-factor 2010. Their debut album \"UpAll Night\" released in November 2011 became the fastest selling debut album on UK albums chart of 2011. On 21st March, 2012, the same album debuted at number one on U.S billboard 200. Thus 1D became the first british group to achieve this feat.Thousands of die hard fans, mostly teenage girls waited for hours outside their Auckland hotel to catch a glimpse of their heroes. Their fans call themselves directioners. The boy band members looked dapper in their smart casuals even came down to mingle with their fans, much to the delight of the teenage girls. Liam &amp; louis even went \"SKY JUMPING\" from the world famous Sky Tower in Auckland.As 1D jumped on the stage, thousand of screaming girls were seen getting really hysterical. Some of the fans were seen breaking into tears as Liam, Zayn, Niall, Louis &amp; Harry performed their most famous number \"What makes you beautiful\". It seemed as if the fans went into a state of disbelief on seeing their heartthrobs so close &amp; live in action. The band members were so blown away by the screaming girls that they actually held a screaming competition amongst the various sections of the crowd. A big screen behind the stage showed clippings of their life. This was sub divided into three parts, A. Summer beach days, B. Autumn school term, C. Winter school holiday. The crowd simply loved this segment . The boys threw snow balls at the screaming fans as they showcased the winter set in which snow flakes were hurled from above. It was a visual delight. Their interaction with the crowd was awesome, especially their speech in kiwi accent was hilarious. The fans loved their rendition of \"Up All Night\" &amp; everyone in the stadium seemed to be up on their feet. \"I Wish\", \"Tell me a Lie\", \"Gotta Be You\" all seemed to create a magical effect on the fans, who seemed overjoyed with delight.All in all it was a fantastic gig that had all the ingredients of an awesome pop concert i.e, singing, dancing, screaming, interaction etc. They surely wooed the audience with their style, dress sense &amp; amazing vocals. Kiwi audience, I mean directioners would be counting down to 2013, as 1D promised to return next year. I surely cannot wait after this smooth performance .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973437", "title": "Tap survey to check water wastage", "text": "NASHIK: To keep a check on the wastage of water in the Cidco area, the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC) water supply department has put forth a proposal to the officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu for carrying out a survey of taps installed.The water supply department has submitted a proposal to the officiating municipal commissioner for conducting a survey throughout the Cidco area to check water taps installed by people. The survey will be carried out till taps are installed in every place in the area. The water supply department said that most people do not install taps at the source of water in the water pipe and direct the water to their bathrooms, kitchens and toilets through rubber pipes to carry out their activities. They said this not only leads to wastage of water but also results in some people not getting water.The water supply department has thus decided to conduct a survey to find out the number of taps that needs to be installed and consequently to install the taps. A proposal has been sent to the officiating municipal commissioner.Executive engineer of the NMC's water supply department, R K Pawar, said, \"Out of the 30,000 water connections in Cidco (new Nashik), many do not have taps. People have not installed taps on the water pipes. They waste water by attaching rubber pipes and taking the rubber pipes to bathrooms and toilets where they carry out their washing. As a result, some people do not get water at all or get it in low pressure. We will conduct a survey as soon as the officiating municipal commissioner accepts our proposal.\"He said that once the taps are installed, wastage of water can be avoided. \"This will an ongoing activity and will be carried out till taps are installed everywhere in Cidco,\" said Pawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973613", "title": "Three Class 10 students die in accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Three 15-year-olds died after they fell off their bike and was run over by a van near Thiruporur on Tuesday. They were headed to their friend's house when the accident took place. The Class 10 students were not wearing any headgears, police said.The victims were identified as C Prabhakaran, M Vimal Raj and R Nishanth, are residents of Sembakkam. The three students had completed their Class 10 examinations recently.On the Chengalpattu - Thiruporur Road, trying to negotiate a pothole, the boy riding the bike appiled brakes and brought the vehicle to halt. A van which was following them closely, hit the bike and they boys were thrown off it.Police said, the three students were badly injured by the fall. They were taken to a private hospital but doctors said succummed on the way. The van driver abandoned the vehicle and fled the scene, fearing public wrath.Thiruporur police have registered a case and launched a hunt for the van driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973105", "title": "Parliamentary panel suggests separate exam for IPS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that many young people join Indian Police Service (IPS) only when they don't get their first choice of job in the civil services - specifically Indian Administrative Service (IAS) or Indian Foreign Service (IFS) -- a parliamentary panel has suggested a separate examination for IPS where \"attitude and aptitude\" of aspirants are thoroughly tested so that the quality of 'service' is not compromised.Asking the government to \"explore the possibility of conducting a separate examination\", the standing committee on home affairs said the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel National Police Academy must be consulted to suggest the modalities.The UPSC conducts a single examination to recruit officers into IAS, IFS, IPS and other Group 'A' and Group 'B' central services. Aspirants get into different services as per their 'ranking' in the Civil Services Examination (CSE) irrespective of their choice of jobs.The panel, in its report tabled in Parliament last week, has put a question mark on the current examination system, observing that 'reluctant' entrants into the IPS may not do justice to their policing jobs.\"The people aspiring for IPS do not know whether they will get into this or not. In the same way, the people not interested in IPS do not know whether they will get IPS or other services... It has been noticed that people who do not like policing get into IPS,\" the panel said.Though UPSC is holding a separate 'limited competitive examination' this year to recruit additional IPS officers from among serving personnel of paramilitary, armed and state police forces of certain ranks to fill vacancies, it does not affect the annual civil services exam which continues to recruit people for many services including police through a common examination system.The matter had come up for discussion during the standing committee meeting last month when home secretary R K Singh heard the members' concerns and promised to look into their suggestions.In his observation, Singh said, \"We can try and recruit only people who have an orientation and commitment for that (policing jobs). An officer may have an orientation for policing, but at the same time, he may want to appear for examination for getting some service which, in his eyes, is better.\"The home ministry in its written reply to the committee - comprising 10 MPs from Rajya Sabha and 31 from Lok Sabha - later submitted that \"the suggestion of separate selection process for IPS will be examined\".Incidentally, Singh himself had first got into the IPS after clearing CSE in the 1970s. He took the exam again the next year and got selected for IAS. However, several such IPS officers are not as lucky as the home secretary and have to be in police service against their wish.The issue was discussed in the parliamentary committee in the context of huge shortage of IPS officers in many states at a time when the country needs their adequate strength to face various internal security challenges including terrorism and Naxalism.Times ViewWhile it might be convenient for civil service aspirants to appear for a single examination that is used to pick recruits for some 20-odd services, it makes little sense from the point of view of the recruiter, that is the government. The exams, as they currently are, cover services as diverse as the IAS, IPS, IFS, the Indian Corporate Law Service, the Indian Ordinance Factories Service and the Indian Railway Traffic Service, to name only a few. Clearly, the skill sets required for someone in the diplomatic service and for those joining various accounts services are very different. Ideally, therefore, the services should be grouped according to skill sets and exams conducted to test each of these skill sets separately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973153", "title": "Diesel supply dries up at several bunks", "text": "BANGALORE: Supply of diesel dried up at several bunks in Bangalore late on Wednesday. The crisis is likely to aggravate as it will take at least two days for normal supplies to resume. The bunks which witnessed disruption were mostly dealers of oil PSUs.Several bunks in central business district, including some on Kasturba Road, Majestic area and St Marks Road, said diesel was unavailable. As news of non-availability spread, huge queues formed up at bunks where diesel was available.Fuel transporters blamed the situation on a recent strike by bunk owners seeking a higher commission.BV Narayanappa, secretary of the Federation of Karnataka State Lorry Owners' Association, said the shortage was primarily because of the strike by the bunks on Monday. Diesel supply was affected and the ripple effect was being experienced across the city now.Radhakrishna Holla, secretary, Bangalore Tourist Taxi Owners' Association, said there was no supply of petrol and diesel in Mysore too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12974764", "title": "Mangalore stands third in implementing Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act", "text": "MANGALORE: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda's home district of Dakshina Kannada stands third in the implementation of the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act aka Sakala. With a disposal rate of 82.10 per cent in April, in the first month of the launch of the scheme, the district is behind Dharwad with a disposal rate of 85.75% and Chitradurga which disposed of 83.63% of the applications.DK disposed 23,685 out of the 28,847 applications received last month.The act was implemented on a pilot basis on March 1 in select four taluks in the state including Puttur. A total of 1,64,338 applications were received across the four taluks and of which 1,25,718 were disposed, a disposal rate of 76.49%.When the act was rolled out across Karnataka on April 2, citizens took to it with a sense of gusto and it reflected in 7,63,786 applications received. As many as 5,66,823 applications were disposed of so far in the state registering a disposal rate of 74.21%.Both Dharwad and Chitradurga received lesser applications than Dakshina Kannada in April. While Davangere disposed of 22,055 of the 25,720 applications received, Chitradurga district administration disposed of 18,177 cases of the 21,735 applications submitted. DK overall has received 40,289 applications from March 1 till 2 pm on May 2 and has succeeded in disposing of 32,144 of them in time or 'Sakala(dalli)' as mandated by the act.If one takes the state as a whole, the commercial taxes department received highest number of 1,09,513 applications in March, while the revenue department topped the list in April and May with 3,58,819 and 16,197 applications respectively. In DK, the urban development department tops 'Sakala' list with 94% success followed by the department of transport with a disposal rate of 91%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977951", "title": "Bon Voyage", "text": "While the working majority battles it out in the sweltering heat, students are looking for ideal vacation spots to avoid soaking up some sun. Shruti Bhiwandiwala gives you the details on the youth's current fascination - travelIf you're trying to get away from the sun's constant glare, Mumbai wouldn't be the preferred choice of location. As the temperature hits new highs, students, with nothing but free time on their hands, are looking for ways and means to beat the heat. While the city just doesn't provide enough entertainment for some, holiday destinations are the new solution. Be it a little trip with the family or a little independent venture, youngsters have set out to discover the world beyond the borders of the city that never sleeps.TRIPPIN' ON TRAVELWhile planning a getaway, destination and comfort levels play up and help in zeroing in on the perfect vacation spot. For some, a holiday with the clan in a slightly obscure location hits the mark. Hena Desai (19), says, \"After two-three gruelling months of projects and exams, you're just looking for a way to blow off steam, and a holiday does just that. It's preferable to go to a place that's quite unlike the city; probably a beach location or any place that encourages adventure.\" One also looks forward to experiencing the life of the locals while on a holiday, so feeling a sense of homeliness is off the cards. A new city or state calls for new experiences, adventures and tastes.Parents are also of the opinion that an independent trip to a new state or country plays a huge role in helping their children gain a sense of responsibility and discover new places on their own accord. Jaymala Joshi, mother of two, says, \"Travelling on their own helps kids become responsible for themselves, their belongings and also lets them enjoy travelling in their own way. An independent vacation also gives them the opportunity to learn to travel in a new place, while interacting with people, understanding them and subsequently learning about the locality. It's best to let kids travel at least once on their own just to help them live for a stipulated number of days without immediate support.\"ON THE JOBSummers usually call for a month or two of complete rest and frolic, but some of the career-driven students look out for opportunities that include a trip or two to new cities or countries.Says Divya Limbasia (20), who worked as an assistant reality producer for a TV show last summer, \"Travelling, while on the job, is always a good way to get to know your superiors and associates. You get valuable information about the task at hand by mere interaction; all this while you're moving places. Visiting new locations also helps you meet a bunch of interesting folks, and lets you widen your geographic boundaries.\"Although a job also calls for long hours and tiresome labour, there are opportunities for rest, when one can explore the local culture and try out the native cuisine.SCHOLASTIC SEARCHStudents on the hunt for the right graduation or post graduation have also been known to journey to prospective locations to visit the campus and analyse the area prior to the commencement of the course. Koshy Brahmatmaj (19), says, \"It's always helpful to get to know the area where your college is located, since you're going to be spending the next three years there. A look into the campus and residential space can help you decide what you need to take from home; things that'll help you settle down faster. Adaptability is a lot easier once you're even remotely familiar with a new location.\"A travel opportunity is always something to look forward to - not just for the leisurely bits, but also the possibility of learning so much more about the world. However, no matter where you're headed for, make sure you're well prepared and equipped while away from home. You really don't want a vacation that's anything short of perfection.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973331", "title": "Premature births claimed 3.5 lakh kids' lives in 2010", "text": "NEW DELHI: India recorded the highest number of deaths of preemies, or babies born before time in 2010.India ranked worst in a global report card \"Born Too Soon,\" published jointly by the World Health Organization and Save the Children, as records suggest that 35 lakh children were born pre-term in the country in 2010. Of these, more than 3.03 lakh children died due to complications associated with being born before time.Nigeria is ranked second on this list, accounting for 83,400 deaths of pre-term babies.In comparison, Pakistan recorded 72,000 infant deaths due to pre-term complications, China (57,200), Bangladesh (36,900), Afghanistan (21,200), Nepal (10,400) and Sri Lanka (600). About 13% of all births in India were pre-term. And nearly 35% of global pre-term babies were born in India.The countries with the greatest numbers of preterm births are India (35.19 lakh), China (11.7 lakh), Nigeria 7.7 (lakh), Pakistan 7.48 (lakh), Indonesia (6.75 lakh), the US (5.17 lakh), Bangladesh (4.24 lakh), the Philippines (3.48 lakh), Congo (3.41 lakh) and Brazil (2.79 lakh).The report says prematurity is the leading cause of newborn deaths, and now the second leading cause of death after pneumonia children under five years. It pointed out that globally, 1.5 crore babies are born too soon every year. In absolute number, more than one in 10 babies were born pre-term.Over 10 lakh children died due to complications of pre-term birth. Many of those who survived faced a lifetime of disability, including learning disabilities and visual and hearing problems. Save the Children India CEO Thomas Chandy said that many factors such as early marriage and pregnancy, inadequate nutritional intake by pregnant women and lack of adequate health interventions were among other reasons that contributed to such a high rate of pre-term pregnancy, exposing both mother and baby to risk.The organization's advisor for maternal, child and newborn health Dr Rajiv Tandon said, \"The problem of premature birth needs both attention and intervention if India is to improve its maternal and child health record.\" \"All newborns are vulnerable, but pre-term babies are acutely so,\" said UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon.\"The statistics for India are not in line with its economic status in the world. India needs to improve its public health system urgently,\" said Joy Lawn, co-editor of the report.Christopher Howson, vice-president for global programmes at the March of Dimes Foundation (MODF) in Washington, said the issue of pre-term births is under-recognixed, under-valued, undercounted and under-funded.\"We still don't know how to delay pre-term or what exactly causes it. Babies who survive a pre-term birth face the risk of cerebral palsy, blindness, hearing loss and learning disabilities. Even infants born late preterm have a greater risk of re-hospitalization, breathing problems, feeding difficulties, temperature instability, jaundice and delayed brain development,\" Howson said.For the report, pre-term was defined as 37 weeks of completed gestation or less, which is the standard WHO definition. Experts say a key way to reduce preterm numbers is to find ways to help all pregnancies go to full term, or 39 weeks.A number of risk factors for pre-term birth have been identified, including a prior history of pre-term birth, underweight, obesity, diabetes, hypertension, smoking, infection, maternal age (either under 17 or over 40), genetics, multi-fetal pregnancy (twins, triplets, and higher), and pregnancies spaced too closely together. Experts say an estimated three-quarter of those pre-term babies who die could survive without expensive care if a few proven and inexpensive treatments and preventions were available worldwide, according to more than 100 experts who contributed to the report, representing almost 40 UN agencies, universities and organizations.The report calls for a strong research programme to identify risk factors and understand how their interaction may lead to pre-term birth so that more definitive ways can be found to screen and treat women at risk to prevent the problem from occurring.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12972811", "title": "Bhanwari murder case: Maderna, Bishnoi didn't appear in court", "text": "JODHPUR: Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi, accused in abduction and murder of nurse Bhanwari Devi, did not appear in the court on Wednesday citing ill health. The trial of the case could not begin in their absence despite the CBI counsels were ready to commence the arguments on charges. The court has sought report from the jail administration about their health and has listed the matter for trial on May 5.All the 14 accused in the case were produced in the court of ACJM (SC/ST cases) except Maderna and Bishnoi. Maderna had been taken to Jodhpur jail from Jaipur on Tuesday itself whereas Bishnoi remained in Ajmer jail because of alleged ill health. But despite Maderna being present in Jodhpur jail on Wednesday,he also did not appear in the court citing back pain.Special public prosecutor (CBI) Ashok Joshi told that we had started arguments on the charges but the counsels of both objected to it citing their absence and sought more time but did not provide any written document seeking their exemption from appearance in the court. \"Upon this, the court sought a report on their health from the jail administration and adjourned the matter for trial till 5 May\" told Joshi.During the previous date of hearing, Bishnoi had appeared in the court but Maderna had sought exemption on health grounds. He preferred remaining at Jaipur jail whereas Bishnoi had been taken from Ajmer jail to Jodhpur for trial hearing on April 20.On the other hand, while hearing the bail application of Paras Ram Bishnoi, another accused in the case, the same court has also sought the factual report from the CBI of the case pending against him in the NDPS court of Mumbai. It is evident, Bishnoi had moved a bail application in the court but Directorate of Revenue Intelligence is also in the court to seek his production warrant in a 10 years old case under which, he is accused of manufacturing and supplying of Mandrax tablets (a highly addictive synthetic drug) in a closed factory near Bilara. The DRI had searched this factory in 2002 after the agency sleuths intercepted a consignment of this drug in Mumbai and had booked him under NDPS Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12974269", "title": "Back from China with $35m machinery", "text": "LUDHIANA: Despite the arrest of three cycle industrialists from the city in Shanghai under anti-prostitution act, the other delegates of the 64 member team, who returned to the city on Wednesday, termed the trip as a successful one. The Indian delegation collectively ordered machinery worth over $35 million at the show.\"I booked machinery worth over $150,000 to enhance the productivity of my unit. The experience was great as we could understand the difference in technology used by us and them just looking at the machinery on display,'' said Tushar Chawla of Tushar Engineers. He said the arrest of industrialists did impact their trip, but most of them believed the incident was conspired.Ashvini Goyal, owner of Cute Cycle, said he is happy that his main objective behind the trip to get a special machine for manufacturing bicycle hubs was achieved. \"I booked this particular automated machine worth over $30,000, which would cut down on my labour costs,'' he added.Goyal said the machinery would be instrumental in increasing the production and improving the quality. \"The arrest episode was an unfortunate incident and was overplayed by some people in the city,'' he added. Charanjeet Vishvakarma, owner of the Vishvakarma Industries Private Ltd and a former president of United Cycle and Parts Manufacturers Association, said the arrest of industrialists did have an impact on the trip as all of them were concerned about those arrested. \"We couldn't visit the factories as per the plan. But, machinery worth over $35 million was bought by our delegates,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977827", "title": "JSL is back with religious rap", "text": "After forcing you to tap your feet to the rythm of his Kolaveri rap, JSL is now back with a bang.JSL is back in the game with his latest religious rap which would surely make you swing to his beats. Currently, he is working on his solo album and his 'stereo nation' album is amost done.With all this coming, we hope a very successfull year ahead for him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12973537", "title": "School principal, director held for raping girl", "text": "BHOPAL: The director of a school and his wife who is a principal in the same school were arrested by the police in Betul town, 160 km from here, on Wednesday after a minor student was diagnosed \"pregnant'' by doctors. The victim girl, a student of class 7, complained of abdominal pain and was taken to a local hospital where doctors found that she was pregnant.When quizzed by her parents, the girl broke down and said that the director of the school Yashwant Kharpate had allegedly raped her with the assistance of his wife. The rape was committed in the end of December last year.Police said that Yashwant Kharpate (45) and his wife Vandana (40) were arrested and a case registered against them under sections 376 (rape), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 34 (common intention) of the IPC.According to the police, the victim girl a student of Apex English School, had repeatedly warned her mother that the school director Yashwant Kharpate often stopped her and said how beautiful she was. Her mother took the comments as the fatherly appreciation of a middle-aged man for a young girl.According to the victim's statement to the police, she was called into the principal's office one day in the last week of December and Vandana Kharpate said that the director Yashwant wished to see the girl in their residence on the top floor of the private school building. When the student reached there accompanied by Vandana, the principal shoved her in and then walked-out bolting the door from outside.After the alleged rape, the director threatened her with dire consequences if she mentioned about the incident outside.Following this, the girl stopped going to school regularly. She made excuses of ill-health whenever her parents asked her to go to school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12975018", "title": "Rising garbage piles raise a stink", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Most of the sectors of the City Beautiful were littered with garbage heaps for the third consecutive day on Wednesday, as contractual employees who collect garbage from door to door continued their agitation outside the Chandigarh municipal corporation office. The agitators are demanding permanent employment with the civic body.They started their agitation on Monday - on the day when monthly general house meeting of the MC was being conducted - and had entered inside the MC building, but later they sat outside MC building.Due to the ongoing agitation, garbage has started to pile up in the residential areas of the city, leaving the residents in lurch.Ramesh Kumar , a resident of Sector 29 said, \"We are facing lots of problems, as garbage collectors are not coming to lift the garbage. Now, heaps of garbage could be seen in various areas of the sector.\"Leaders of local wing of BJP , including former MP Satya Pal Jain came to the agitators. Jain urged the administrator of Chandigarh to call the representatives of safai karamcharis to hold talks with them and sort out the matter amicably by accepting their genuine demands.Jain further said unfortunately the central ministers have become highly arrogant because of power, money and property that they have acquired during the last 7-8 years. Municipal councillor Davesh Moudgil said although five ministers in the Centre, including the prime minister, are connected with Chandigarh, yet today no body listens to the problems of Chandigarhians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "12975112", "title": "Partymen, people pay tributes to late CPM leader D Mani", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: A large number of people and cadres of the CPM paid final tributes to veteran party leader and four-time MLA, D Mani (88) on Wednesday. Mani, who was suffering from a prolonged illness passed away at a hospital in Thiruvanathapuram on Tuesday.D Mani was a household name in Vilavancode assembly segment in Kanyakumari where he was elected four times as MLA. Mani was also a freedom fighter and was also actively involved in the struggle to annexe Kanyakumari district with Tamil Nadu. He was unmarried.Mani entered electoral politics in 1979 when he contested the byelection in Vilavancode. He won from the segment in 1980, 1996 and 2001. He had also served as Kuzhithurai civic body chief for five years from 1986. Mani had also played a key role in the growth of trade union movement in Kanyakumari district.His body was taken to the district committee office at Thiruvananthapuram where several political leaders, including former Kerala chief minister V S Achuthananthan paid tributes. Later, his body was brought to his house at Marthandam where a large number of people paid tributes to him on Tuesday and Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973391", "title": "Centre may amend Constitution to uphold 'promotion quota'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre may amend the Constitution to undo the Supreme Court judgment quashing quota in promotions, a sensitive issue that has raised the hackles of dalit leaders with BSP chief Mayawati sounding the bugle in Rajya Sabha.The constitutional amendment route was agreed upon in a top level ministerial meeting on Wednesday but needs to be approved by the PM.Before a change of statute which may take time, the Centre is likely to issue a public assurance that the government will continue the facilities enjoyed by dalits and tribals in promotions. The apex court recently quashed 'promotion quota' in UP, triggering concern among dalits.A meeting of ministers V Narayanasamy (personnel), Salman Khurshid (law), Mukul Wasnik (social justice), K C Deo (tribal affairs) and chairmen of national commissions P L Punia and Rameshwar Oraon discussed the options of seeking review in apex court and amendment. It was felt that a review could drag on for long without any guarantee of success.A move to amend the Constitution would mark a big volte face for UPA which, barely six months ago, turned down the option by saying there was nothing in the Nagaraj judgment to demand such a course of action.The Nagaraj judgment had upheld quota in promotions but added that states would have to collect data to show backwardness and inadequancy of representation of the beneficiary caste group. The SCs/STs have argued that backwardness criteria was relevant only for OBCs.The National Commission on SCs had sought a Constitution change in February 2011, warning that Nagaraj order could result in annulling of quota in promotions. But the law ministry said in December 2011 that the said judgment did not call for change in Constitution because it had upheld 77th and 85th amendments which dealt with promotion quota and had only added two riders for data on backwardness and inadequate share in services.The law ministry also turned a blind eye to repeated NCSC pleas last year that the Centre implead itself in the apex court which was hearing petitions related to Nagaraj case. That way, it could have put across the point that backwardness was not relevant for SCs and STs.The failure to anticipate the problem blew up on UPA's face last month when the apex court quashed UP quota. Concerned sources said Congress may end up being painted the culprit among the vocal SCs/STs middle class if it failed to restore quota in promotions.According to sources, there were many warnings from within the UPA but these were ignored. Besides the early demand for change in statute, the law ministry also ignored letters written by NCSC in May and October 2011 that the Centre become a party to review petitions being heard in Supreme Court to secure a clarification on Nagaraj judgment that backwardness was not be proved in case of SCs/STs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12971657", "title": "How Pune suddenly lost their way", "text": "NEW DELHI: Few pundits gave Pune a chance of reaching the last four stage when IPL-5 got rolling last month. They had reasons: the team was without its premier player and captain Yuvraj Singh and the new captain Sourav Ganguly was well past his prime. Compared to other teams, Pune looked a rag-tag bunch without a single marquee player in its ranks.But in the early stages of the T20 league, Pune looked like the season's surprise package. They won three of their first four games and at one point even headed the points tally. Their early scalps included the formidable Mumbai away from home. Ganguly's men defended 129 and emerged with a rather handsome 28-run victory. At home, they beat both Punjab and Chennai - their only loss coming against Punjab (away) at this stage.Since then, little has gone right for Dada's men. They have lost five of their last six games, including both matches to basement boys Hyderabad. And now they are beginning to look like what the pundits had predicted: an also-ran, more likely to lose than win a game.What has gone wrong with Subroto Roy's team? It would be unfair and inaccurate to say one bad over changed it all when leggie Rahul Sharma was pounded for 31 runs, including five sixes, by Chris Gayle of Bangalore. At one stage, Bangalore needed 110 runs to win in 8 overs. But they got there - seasoned paceman Ashish Nehra couldn't defend 21 runs in the last over giving away a six off the last ball.That loss arrested the team's winning momentum and confidence. Since then, Sharma hasn't been the same bowler. But more importantly, it was the loss of paceman Ashok Dinda, who suffered a side strain in the Bangalore game, that has been more damaging to the team's fortunes.With Dinda's injury, the attack has lost its delicate balance. No other Indian bowler in the team can match the pressure built by him. His economy rate is the best in the team; it is third best among all IPL bowlers who have played five games or more.The strength of Ganguly's team lay in choking or at least restricting its opponent. At one point, Dinda, Nehra, Sharma and Murali Kartik looked a formidable bowling unit. Marlon Samuels was a fine fifth bowler till chucking allegations dented his confidence. Now the bowling unit looks totally unsettled - you don't know who will play which game and bowl how many overs. In the past three games, Pune have claimed a meagre 10 wickets.Ganguly's men have also been profligate of late. Lowly Hyderabad clouted them for 177 and 186 runs in consecutive matches - Ganguly and Nehra combining to give away 50 runs in two overs in the last game.The inability to accelerate when required is another major worry for Pune. Ganguly (107 strike rate) has been gobbling up valuable middle-overs without really taking charge. With Ganguly around, twos become a rarity and run-outs always a possibility. He needs to bat lower. And he needs to have more faith in all-rounder Angelo Mathews.Robin Uthappa is a bigger disappointment. Barring his 36 against Mumbai, the $ 2.1 million buy has failed to play a single crucial innings this season.His 60 off 58 balls against Delhi Daredevils on the batting-friendly home pitch was shockingly slow. His overall strike rate of 119 is only the second slowest in the team after Ganguly. And he has been one of the weakest keepers in the tournament, missing stumping chances and dropping catches.Tough times lie ahead for Pune Warriors. The hard truth is that even shuffling the pack again and again won't be of much help. What Ganguly's boys really need to do is raise their game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973289", "title": "Turf contracts under CBI lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered a fresh case against several senior engineers of DDA and CPWD and a private company in connection with the Commonwealth Games scam.There were many alleged irregularities in the award of contract for laying synthetic turfs at five stadia during the Games in 2010. The agency conducted raids at 20 places in Delhi, Kolkata, Siliguri and Sahibabad (NCR) and recovered several incriminating documents from the residences and offices of these officials.The DDA and CPWD officials together accounted for loss of over Rs 30 crore when they allegedly tweaked the tender process to favour Shiv Naresh Sports Pvt Limited. It was this company that laid the turfs at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Thyagraja Stadium, CWG Village, Delhi University and Chattrasal Stadium.CBI sources said there were many other bidders who were ready to do the work for less money, but Shiv Naresh bagged the contract for Rs 60.37 crore. \"There was a criminal conspiracy to cheat the government in the award of contract. The exorbitant rate was wrongfully justified by the accused officials of CPWD and DDA and they showed undue favour to the company by circumventing the eligibility criteria in the award of contract,\" said Dharini Mishra, CBI spokesperson.Among the officials named in the FIR include Virender K Gupta, then chief engineer of CPWD (now ADG PWD) having his office at IP Estate in Delhi; N L Singh, former chief engineer in CPWD (now chief engineer in eastern zone - Kolkata); A K Pandit, then superintending engineer of CPWD (now chief engineer in DDA), having his office in Shahpur Jat; and Brij Bhushan Bhatia, the then chief engineer in PWD (now ADG eastern region in CPWD).The above four officers were also named in another case related to the CWG scam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12975032", "title": "SP (traffic) post to be filled soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Maneesh Chaudhary will join as SP (Traffic), Chandigarh, as the Haryana government on Wednesday placed the services of the Haryana cadre IPS officer at the disposal of the Union government. Chaudhary was posted as deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Panchkula.Department of Personnel and Training has already cleared Chaudhary's name for the post of SP (Traffic) Chandigarh, which has been lying vacant since August last year after the repatriation of H S Doon to his parent cadre Haryana.Chaudhary is expected to take charge in Chandigarh within a week. As per the official orders issued on Wednesday, Chaudhary will be at the disposal of Government of India for inter-cadre deputation to the IPS cadre of Arunachal Pradesh-Goa-Mizoram-Union Territories (AGMUT) for a period of three years from the date of his assumption of charge in the AGMUT cadre.Chaudhary was directed to relinquish charge as DCP Panchkula immediately and report to joint secretary (UT), Ministry of Home Affairs, Delhi, immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974551", "title": "Host of events keeps schools busy", "text": "Poetry recitation contestAn inter-house English poem recitation contest was organized by the sub-junior humanities forum for the primary section students of Kundan Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, on Wednesday. It aimed at providing children a platform where they can use the language confidently, and developing their interest in reading and poetry.All for the working classSacred Heart Senior Secondary School, BRS Nagar, organized a function on Labours' Day. The function kicked off with a speech, welcoming the workers and acknowledging their hard work. A prayer dance was followed by floral greetings to the workers. An inter-house qawwali competition brought forth the talent of students. Then, a poem appreciating labourers was recited by Yuvraj of Class VII. Games, too, were organized. All these activities brought a smile on the faces of workers present there.Career counselling sessionA career counselling session was organized at Guru Nanak International Public School, Model Town, on Wednesday. A lecture on \"Army a way of life'', was held for classes XI and XII. Captain Pavneet Narula told students about the prospects of joining Indian Army through a power point presentation. Weapons were also displayed.School awardedMother's Pride School has been awarded the title of \"Preschool with extra ordinary contribution towards innovative early learning and child development'' at an event, \"Indian Education Awards'', held in Delhi. The school director, Shoban Soi, said, \"We are happy to receive it.''Health workshopCherrylane Play School, BRS Nagar, organized a health workshop as a part of Mother's Day celebration on Wednesday. The programme began with a talk by doctor Atamjit who threw light on oral hygiene of kids between the age of one-and-a-half years and four years. It was followed by a talk on their diet and nutritional requirement. The mothers had many queries which were answered by the experts. Then, a yoga workshop and a healthy salad-making activity was held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12975025", "title": "Sakala: Racing against time", "text": "HUBLI: Sakala, the state government project to offer guarantee of services to citizens in a time-bound manner, was launched on a pilot basis in Dharwad district in March. Within two months of its launch, the project has succeeded in evoking good response from people.When TOI reporter visited Mini Vidhana Soudha premises on Wednesday to do a reality check of the functioning of Sakala, about five to six members were in the queue to submit their application forms seeking information regarding their fields, birth certificate, death certificate and citizen certificate.There are five Sakala centres in the city and each centre has around 25 to 30 persons visiting per day to file applications, said a staff in Mini Vidhan Soudha office.Dharwad district deputy commissioner Darpan Jain told The Times of India that so far 44,454 applications have been received and 36,213 have already been disposed of.\"Four departments -- commercial tax, transport, revenue and urban development - have received maximum applications,\" he said.Compared to March, we are getting good response from people in Dharwad district in April. Officers have been working satisfactorily and none have been fined for not furnishing information on time, he added.Applicant Rangangouda C of Unkal said, \"I wanted to get information on land records. The timeline for getting information under Sakala is 30 days. The duration should be further reduced and information delivery should be expedited so that we get information as early as possible.\"H S Patil of Ramalingeshwar Nagar said that Sakaala is very useful to get the information on time.\"We receive the message after filing the application and it will be more helpful if they provide information as soon as possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12971901", "title": "Barreto bids adieu to Mohun Bagan", "text": "KOLKATA: Come Sunday, Jose Ramirez Barreto's Mohun Bagan days will come to an end.The Brazilian playmaker will lead the green-and-maroon troops out on to the battlefield for the final time when they host Pune FC in a final-round I-League match at the Salt Lake Stadium this Sunday. The soldier of many a war will be felicitated by the club before the 3.30 pm kick-off.Barreto, however, insisted on Wednesday that he would continue playing in India.\"I've decided to leave Mohun Bagan, but I'm not retiring from football. It's a very emotional occasion for which I am not prepared. But just as every good thing must come to an end, I have also realised that my time at Bagan has reached that point,\" an emotional Barreto, pausing between words, announced at a press conference on Wednesday.Although Mohun Bagan are slated to play a local league match in Siliguri on May 14 and another exhibition tie in Kathmandu after that, a club official has confirmed that Barreto will feature in none of those games.The Brazilian, who had joined the green and maroons as a 23-year-old way back in 1999, has been linked to a move to second-division I-League side Bhowanipore Club, which is also run by current Bagan officials.\"I believe this is not the end of the marriage (between me and Mohun Bagan). God willing, I can return to the club, may be at a different time and with a different job,\" he pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972866", "title": "CM Prithviraj Chavan convenes all-party meeting to discuss mega projects", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has convened a crucial all-party meeting to discuss policies and problems related to the city on Thursday. Roadblocks in implementation of big-ticket infrastructure projects and increasing affordable housing stock are expected to form the core of the meeting. The opposition had demanded a discussion on the last day of the assembly session. Chavan then requested its postponement to May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973628", "title": "Situation not ripe for anti-naxal operations, says Let-Gen Anil Chait", "text": "LUCKNOW: A situation has not arisen for troops to be deployed for anti-naxal operations but they are ready for any operations if required, said Lt-Gen Anil Chait, GOC-in-C, Central Command while talking to reporters here.\"As far as I am concerned or the understanding of the Army vision is concerned, the (Army) chief's point of view is very very clear that the situation hasn't risen for the deployment of the Army,\" he said. At the moment dealing with naxalism is the task of the Ministry of Home Affairs charter, added Gen Chait.\"If the situation so arises in due course of time we can definitely..if the nation wants us to go we will go..but the nation has to take the call whether it wants the military to go or not,\" he said when asked if there was possibility of the Army playing an active role in dealing with the Naxal problem.He said that as far as the military is concerned, the areas where it is present it is only doing training, through which the force is trying to build a social net programme so that people who have been lienated come back into mainstream. On Naxalism and Chinese activity on the border, Gen Chait said that it was a very relevant challenge with a huge bearing and impact in due course of time. \"The Prime Minister himself has said that naxalism is the biggest challenge and I am only repeating his statement.As far as China is concerned it's competitive, therefore, we have to prepare for both the roles,\" he said. The GOC-in-C said that he wanted to assure the people that the Indian Army was fully committed to the security of the nation, fully cognisant of its responsibilities and is shaping itself to meet any future challenges that are posed towards the defence and security of the nation.On the Tatra truck controversy, he refused to comment stating that he did not have full information. \"As far as usage of the equipment is concerned it has been satisfactory,\" he said. Gen Chait also said the Army has approached the state administration to set up a Rashtriya Military School in UP and it will move ahead as soon as land is given.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973019", "title": "BJYM leader 'assaults, threatens' cop", "text": "MUMBAI: A case has been registered against Mira-Bhayander's Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha (BJYM) president Nilesh Soni for allegedly assaulting and threatening an on-duty police constable on Tuesday night. No arrest has been made as yet.According to Mira Road police, constable Ganesh Vanve was on bandobast duty at Jangid complex on Tuesday night. He stopped three persons riding on a motorbike and sought a driving licence. One of the three called up Soni, who reached the spot. In his complaint, Vanve said Soni pulled his collar and abused him. The BJYM leader prevented Vanve from making a case against the three on the bike, alleged the constable.Vanve returned to the police station and registered a case against Soni and two of his friends under Sections 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of duty), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapon), 504 (insult) and 34 (common intention) of the IPC.In November last year, Soni was arrested by the Mira Road police for assaulting another BJYM member. He was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973685", "title": "Couldn't meet Chief minister? Now, wait for his call", "text": "LUCKNOW: On Wednesday, public enthusiasm to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav continued unabated. Turning up in large numbers for the second Janata Darshan, over 5,000 applications were received during the mass event.There was hope, in fact, even for those who could not meet the CM. Following instructions from his office, all those who turned up to meet Akhilesh were asked to leave their phone numbers on the back of their applications so CM's officers could reach them.Like its earlier avatar, Janata Darshan on Wednesday gave an opportunity to people to voice their grievances directly to the chief minister. From requests for allotment of houses, land titles, payments of pensions, financial aide, complaints pertaining to anomalies in the public distribution system and faulty electricity bills, the administration remained busy in managing the crowds. Unlike Akhilesh's first public meeting which extended to more than four hours, however, this time, the Janata Darshan was wrapped up by noon.On Wednesday, Akhilesh also sought a status report on requests and complaints received during his first Janata Darsha on April 18. Instructing all divisional commissioners to tackle the complaints in their respective regions, the concerned information, he said, will also be supplied to the chief minister's office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12973804", "title": "'Expect a different Saina in London'", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian team's badminton coach Edwin Iriawan wasn't a worried man when things didn't go Saina Nehwal's way in the past year. The Indonesian wants all to give respect to country's best bet at the Olympics and is optimistic about her chances in London.\"Saina is preparing hard. We have a special programme for her and we can expect a different Saina in London,\" Iriawan told TOI. \"Saina is ranked No. 5 in the world and above her are four Chinese shuttlers. Saina's game is not going down but she is getting a tough competition. As most of her opponents have read her game Saina would look to do things differently in London,\" he added.\"There's no point analyzing what happened in the past. I always believe in looking forward. There's no secret to good form. It's only about staying focused and Saina is focused,\" added the 45-year-old who is in the city to guide players and coaches of the region.On other shuttlers' chances and Indian team's preparations ahead of the London Games, he said, \"We will try hard and with a good team work we can expect more medals too.\"In his year-long tenure with the Indian contingent Iriawan found a new star in PV Sindhu and rates her as the next big thing in Indian women's badminton. \"In China there are many women players but here we have only Saina. In the years to come I see bright prospect for 16-year-old Sindhu. She will be the next Saina. There are many good players coming up in the men's section too.\"He also had a word of advice for the upcoming players who Edwin thinks are a bit lazy in their approach. \"Most of the upcoming shuttlers in India are lazy, sometimes they are not honest with their coaches. My suggestion to the children is, if you are lazy if you don't like badminton its better to stop,\" said Edwin, and also wanted the coaches to take this responsibility. \"It's the responsibility of the coaches to bring discipline amongst the children at the small age.\"When queried about Indian badminton five years down the line, he says, \"I see a very bright future for Indian badminton. Only thing I want is a good team work from all players, coaches and from the administrators too. More money should be brought in the game with many added championships. Players in all the age groups should be kept busy through out the year and they should be paid for their performance. For that associations from local, state to national level should work as a team and conduct championships in every three months that too with good prize money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977777", "title": "'Teen Yaari Katha' to release after 6 years", "text": "Six years after it was made, \" Teen Yaari Katha\", a Bengali film produced by superstar Prosenjit, is finally releasing in theatres next Friday.Though the film was screened in two prestigious film festivals, it was barred from release commercially by the Censor Board because of the liberal use of expletives.However, Prosenjit, the current matinee idol of Bengali films, is not at all dejected at the late release of his movie which has been compared to \"Delhi Belly\".\"It is better that the film is being released now, when people are accepting movies that deal with yesterday's taboo subjects. We must carry forward the momentum,\" he said.Admitting that the tale of three bachelors and the use of male psychology in the two movies find a common chord, he said, \"This film is straight from the heart and unpretentious. It was a pathbreaking film made by the director-duo of Sudeshna Roy and Abhijit Guha (Rana).\"Prosenjit explained that a lot of changes have taken place in the last six years reflected in the release of films like \" Baishe Shrabon\" which is full of four-letter words.\"In a way the film was ahead of the times,\" he said in jest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "12974353", "title": "Five killed as hailstorm lashes Kishanganj district", "text": "KISHANGANJ: At least five persons, including a girl and a nonagenarian woman, were killed when storm accompanied by rain and hail lashed Kishanganj district on Tuesday evening. Unofficial reports, however, put the death toll at six. Many persons were also injured in the storm which lasted for barely ten minutes.High velocity wind at speed of 50 to 60 km accompanied with lashing rain swept through the many parts of the district uprooting trees and blowing away the roofs of houses, Met office sources in Patna said. The thunderstorm snapped power connections for several hours besides disrupting telecommunication services at many places, official sources said.Kishanganj DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti on Wednesday said three persons, including a girl, were killed under Bahadurganj block, the thunderstorm claimed one life each in Terhagachh and Dighalbank blocks.A chowkidar, Navo Narayan, and his 10-year-old son Neeraj was killed when their house collapsed at Santhal bustee in ward no. 12 in Bahadurganj Nagar Panchayat. A 10-year-old girl, Chameli Khatoon in Bahadurganj block had taken shelter under a bed to protect herself. As luck would have it, the tin-roofed house came crashing down killing her. Ninety-year-old Haniful Nisha lost her life at Tarabari village under Dighalbank block and Azmal Hussain died at Terhagachh, official sources said.According to unconfirmed reports, one Munto Devi also died at Sameshar under Bahadurganj police station.Disaster management officials rushed to the affected villages. Mandatory relief has already been rushed to the worst-affected villages under Bahadurganj, Terhagachh and Dighalbank blocks, the DM said adding polythene sheets were distributed among those who lost their houses and shelters. The magnitude of the damage was being worked out by officials who visited the villages which bore the brunt of the storm. Heavy rain accompanied by hail, some of which were of the size of full grown potatoes, continued for nearly 45 minutes. \"I have seldom come across such huge hail stones in my life,\" said 71-year-old Chainsukh Jain in Purabpalli mohalla in the town.Bahadurganj block bore the brunt of the damage in the thunderstorm, an official said.The railway platform at Kishanganj was covered with hail stones and commuters literally walked on them,\" said Kamlesh Jha, a bookseller at the platform. At many places, roads, too, were under a white sheet, said Asha Saha of Dharmshala Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973176", "title": "Central team to assess drought in Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: A team of officials from the Union agriculture ministry will visit Karnataka in 2-3 days to check the drought situation and submit a report on the extent of loss.Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar directed the delegation to make an assessment after an all-party team headed by chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda met him in New Delhi on Wednesday.The delegation sought immediate interim relief of Rs 1,500 crore to deal with drought in 24 districts. Earlier in the day, the team met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee .Drought has hit 123 of 176 taluks covering 24 districts in Karnataka, causing crop loss of Rs 5,864 crore. \"Our demand is that the Centre bear half of the expenses. An interim relief of Rs 1,500 crore should be released immediately,\" Gowda said after meeting the two ministers.The delegation included Union ministers M Veerappa Moily, Mallikarjun M Kharge, KH Muniyappa , opposition leader Siddaramaiah, former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy and state ministers.Other demandsNaming BIA as Kempegowda Bangalore International AirportBringing amendment to Article 371 'D' to confer special status to 6 districts of Hyderabad-Karnatak regionEnhancement of customs duty on silk yarn from 5% to 30% to protect sericulturistsSupport for tur, pomegranate, potato, arecanut, paddy, turmeric and ginger growersAllotment of coal blocks for power projects and providing transmission corridor for availing power from eastern, western and northern regions", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12973536", "title": "Nashik police seize 71 vehicles for lack of papers", "text": "NASHIK: The city police took up a massive combing operation in three locations of the city on Wednesday, confiscating as many as 71 vehicles, including a multi-utility vehicle and also an auto rickshaw that was found without requisite documentation.The combing operation was carried out at Siddharth Nagar and Kabir Nagar in the Gangapur Road area of the city, and Bharat Nagar in the Indirangar area, near the Mumbai-Agra highway.According to reports, 27 vehicles were confiscated from the Siddharth Nagar and Kabir Nagar areas, and another 44 vehicles including the MUV and the auto rickshaw were found without documents and seized by the city police in the Indiranagar area. The drive was also carried out in Wadala Gaon and at the slum area in the Gangapur Road area.The drives are part of an initiative by law enforcement machinery to get to the root of the rising vehicle theft problem considering that several vehicle sales occur without valid documentation and at hugely discounted prices.DCP D S Swami said that their teams had seized 40 vehicles from Wadala Gaon on April 23. Out of these, eight persons from whom the vehicles were seized have still not showed up with the required vehicle papers. Swami said that this had left the authorities with no option but to take action against the owners as well as probe into whether the vehicles had been stolen.Apart from the current drive, Unit 2 of the police also conducted an operation in the Pandav Nagar area of Indiranagar to check the number of tenants occupying flats in the locality.Swami said that while there had not been a significant rise in the number of people coming forward to inform the police about their tenants, despite the fact that the public has already been made aware that they have to inform the police if they own rental properties.DCP Swami has also given his mobile number to many citizens so that they can inform him personally about any activity they perceive as suspicious, within his jurisdiction.According to the police, while community policing is an initiative that is being aggressively implemented, its results could only be gauged after a few months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12975071", "title": "Constable demands sexual favour from roadside vendor, stabbed", "text": "VADODARA: Persistently demanding sexual favours from a roadside vendor turned lethal for a police constable who was stabbed by the vendor who could no longer tolerate his advances.Bunty Mulchand Motwanim, who sells bangles at a roadside stall in Mangal Bazar, registered an offence at Kishanwadi police station, stating that police constable Rajendra alias Khumansinh entered his house at about 11.30 pm on Tuesday and asked for sexual favours. An enraged Bunty attacked Rajendra with a knife leaving the latter severely injured.Bunty told police that about 25 days ago Rajendra came to meet him at his stall and said that he can \"help\" him in many ways. \"Rajendra also took Bunty's mobile number and asked him to remain in touch,\" the police said.\"Some days ago, Rajendra again called up Bunty and went to him at his home. The cop asked Bunty why he wasn't meeting him. He then told Bunty that he wants to have physical relation with him. A shocked Bunty refused and told Rajendra that they can only be friends,\" the police added.On Tuesday night, Rajendra reached Bunty's house again and asked for sexual favours. The cop threatened Bunty and tried to enter the house forcibly. When Bunty refused, Rajendra, who is married and is father of two kids, continued with his advances.An enraged Bunty, who lives with his wife and two sons, reached out for a knife in the kitchen and attacked Rajendra in his stomach, chest and neck. The cops have made Bunty both accused and complainant in the case.\"A complaint of criminal assault will be registered against Rajendra too. His statement has been recorded. There is no legal section to deal with sexual harassment of such nature on men so we will register offence of criminal assault against Rajendra,\" city police commissioner Satish Sharma said.Rajendra is in stable condition and he has suffered injuries on his neck, stomach and chest. Police are investigationg further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "12974316", "title": "Thousands of trees face National Highway Authority of India's axe", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has approached the State Forest Department to remove 7,500 trees standing on both the sides of NH 47 from Aroor to Oachira in the district as part of the NH 47 widening project.However, the joint verification committee appointed by the State Forest Department has demanded the NHAI to plant 75,000 tree saplings on both the sides of the NH in order to remove these trees.It was Pratibha Hari, which led the committee appointed for studying the proposal of the NHAI.District panchayat president Pratibha Hari told TOI on Wednesday that they had informed the NHAI officials that they would give consent for removing the trees to the NHAI only after the NHAI completing all the process for the widening of the NH 47. \"Earlier the NHAI officials told us that as a first step of the widening project, they wanted to fell the trees. However, we firmly opposed it and asked them to cut down the trees only after completing the process like land acquisition works,'' district assistant forest conservator S Sreekumar said.\"We are ready to give 75,000 saplings to the NHAI. But they should plant it and also take care of it. The NHAI should enter an agreement with the department in this connection for getting the approval to remove the 7,500 trees,'' Sreekumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12973533", "title": "Showcause notice to non-performing surgeons", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state health and family welfare department issued a show-cause notice 118 surgeons who have not performed a single surgery during the past one year. The matter came to light last month during a special drive launched by the department on the instructions of health minister Ahmad Hasan.\"These doctors have been given a week's time to respond to the notice,\" said Dr Ramji Lal, director general health and family welfare. Interestingly, as many as 95 out of these 118 surgeons they had not didn't pick up their scalpels even once.After receiving complaints that the government doctors were not doing their duties properly, the minister after taking over in March asked the department to prepare the list of such non-performing doctors. In a public statement, he had said that there was no place for non-performing doctors in government services. Maintaining his stand, the minister said, \"If they do not want to work they can leave and make way for those who want to.\"As per the list, Lucknow has maximum number of such surgeons (10) while the Samajwadi Party bastions Etawah and Kannauj also figure on the list.Those in Lucknow hailed from a new hospital where indoor facilities are yet to start. But doctors in Badaun, Shahjahanpur, Gorakhpur, Ghaziabad and Meerut cannot take this excuse. All these districts had five surgeons each who had not undertaken a major or minor surgery in the past one year.Four surgeons in Allahabad and three each in Fatehpur, Azamgarh, Pilibhit, Mahoba, Kanpur Dehat, Unnao, Bulandshahr and Mirzapur also fall in this category. In the show-cause notice, the doctors have been asked to give a reason for their ineptitude.Departmental sources said that some doctors particularly women have offered a valid reason such as maternity or medical leave but others have not.The government doctors' association has expressed unhappiness over the exercise. \"In many places, the health facility is not equipped to hold surgeries. In such a case how can the doctor on duty are held responsible. The department must take stock of the situation before coming to a conclusion,\" said Dr DR Singh, the president of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12973902", "title": "Want roads? Tax bonanza to go into beautification", "text": "KOLKATA: Water supply, drainage development or maintenance of roads seem to have taken a back seat for the Trinamool Congress-run Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC). Instead, beautification is its buzz word. After tasting success in the property tax waiver scheme (waiver on interest and penalty) and mopping up a whopping Rs 305 crore with 13 days to go for the extended May 15 deadline, the civic top brass has decided to spend the funds primarily on beautification.A major component of funds will be spent on riverfront beautification. This apart, a good amount will be spent on pavement beautification, illumination and painting the city blue-and-white. However, a portion of the funds collected from the waiver scheme will also be utilized for augmenting the city's water supply system, mayor Sovan Chatterjee said on Wednesday.Chatterjee made it clear that a substantial part of the funds collected under the waiver scheme would be meant for the city's beautification. \"We have collected handsome revenue from the waiver scheme. Now we want to spend a major part of the revenue collected on our beautification drive. We also intend to invest a part of the revenue on augmenting the city's water supply system,\" Chatterjee said on Wednesday.Sources in the KMC revenue department conceded that though the civic body had undertaken a major beautification drive a year ago, it could not be sustained due to paucity of funds. \"We could hardly provide funds for the city's beautification after spending more than Rs 100 crore on the drive in the past one year,\" said a senior KMC official.A KMC lighting department official said the department badly needs funds for installation of 20,000 trident lights in large parts of the city. \"Our idea is to provide trident lights in all major thoroughfares in Kolkata. After completing installation of these lights in areas earmarked for them so far, we will install such lights in the city's slum areas too,\" a KMC official said.This apart, the KMC needs to invest in the riverfront beautification project undertaken by the state government. \"We have already reserved Rs 25 crore for the first phase of the riverfront beautification. Next we need to reserve more funds for the next stages of the project which will extend till Mullickghat near the Howrah bridge approach,\" a KMC official said.Painting the city's flyovers, bridges, roads and buildings will also get a boost from the waiver funds. \"We had to put a brake on the painting exercise due to paucity of funds. Now that the funds are available, we will start the exercise in a major way,\" said a KMC official.However, some civic officials expressed surprise on how the beautification programme got priority over water supply. \"There are still large areas in Kolkata which become dry during summer. We need to take care of water supply scarcity in some areas in south Kolkata. For that we need to modernize the Garden Reach water treatment plant and augment its capacity,\" a KMC water supply department official said. The civic body needs to invest at least Rs 100 crore for augmenting the capacity of Palta and Garden Reach waterworks in phases, said a KMC official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972719", "title": "Girl crushed under school gate", "text": "NEW DELHI: A nine-year-old student of Kendriya Vidyalaya, Arjangarh was killed on Tuesday when the school gate she was swinging on with some other students fell on her. The accident happened around 2pm when the girl, Arpna, was waiting for her van after school.BS Rawat, a witness, said, \"Arpna was waiting for her van when she saw some students swinging on the gate on MG Road inside the Arjangarh Air Force station premises. She too climbed on but the structure gave way and a girder supporting the gate fell on Arpna, killing her instantly. She was declared dead on arrival at AIIMS''.Arpna, a class 1 student, lived in the Maidangarhi area of south Delhi. Her father, Shishupal Singh, is posted with the Garhwal Rifles in West Bengal. Police said the postmortem will be done after he arrives and identifies the body. \"We are waiting for Shishupal to come to the capital. However, we have not named any particular person in the FIR as we are yet to ascertain who was responsible for the incident. It is quite possible that the gate could not take the load of the children using it as a swing. We are in touch with the Air Force officials,'' said an officer from the south district. Officials of the Air Force station management were not available for comments.Police said they were trying to trace the van driver. \"We will question him about the delay in picking up the children from school. If his negligence is established, we might take action against him and report the matter to the school,'' said an officer, adding that police will talk to students and teachers. The Fatehpur Beri police have already registered a case of death due to negligence.In another accident in northwest Delhi on Tuesday, an 18-year-old labourer was injured when the wall of a prominent school collapsed. Fire brigade officials said a teenaged labourer, identified only as Raju, was injured in the incident reported from GD Goenka School in Model Town around 11am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974744", "title": "KIIT school launches journal to bring children's writings together", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Kloud9, a new quarterly magazine of KIIT International School, was released here on Wednesday. The unique journal will publish writings by school students from all over the country. Ruskin Bond, the iconic children's author, who will be the chief editor of the magazine, said, \"The purpose of this magazine is to nurture creativity among students through reading and writing. As there are limited number of publishers willing to take a chance on the burgeoning literary works of school children, KIIT international school thought it was essential to give children and young adults the space to be creative.\"Surendra Mohanty, publisher of the magazine, said, \"During a short story writing competition, we came across a large number of creative talents from across India. To provide a platform to those budding talents we thought of bringing this magazine, which is one of its kind in the country.\"Speaking at the launch, Dr. Narendra Jadhav, member, Planning Commission of India and National Advisory Council, said, \"India is witnessing rapid growth, but we have to accelerate educational skill development and provision of health care. Two years from now, there will be significant improvement in the field of higher education.\" Noted writer Maheswata Devi, who was also present on the occasion expressed her satisfaction at the effort.A Samanta, founder of KIIT &amp; KISS said that, through this magazine, students can get a kind of reading and writing that is different from classroom learning.There has been an overwhelming response from school children for the first issue as literary works poured in from all corners of the country, said editor Monalisa Bal.'Kloud9' has 68 colourful pages with mostly containing the contributions of students from across the country. The maiden issue contains an eclectic selection of short stories, poems, articles, folktales, plays, jokes, puzzles and mind games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12974029", "title": "Man gets four years' rigorous imprisonment for cheating woman", "text": "PUNE: Additional chief judicial magistrate V K Yawalkar on Monday sentenced Shishir Sharad Puranik (32) of Parvati to four years' rigorous imprisonment and a fine of Rs 5,000 for duping a woman lawyer to the tune of over Rs 1.48 lakh, by promising to marry her in 2010.In June 2010, the woman's family had published an advertisement in a newspaper, seeking a bridegroom for her.Assistant public prosecutor S M Kadam said that Puranik, claiming to be a paediatrician at a private hospital in Chinchwad, responded to the advertisement and expressed interest in the proposal. Puranik also told the lawyer's family that he had booked a flat at Sadashiv Peth.Kadam said both families met and the engagement was fixed. Puranik extracted money from the woman on various occasions, then disappeared and did not respond to telephone calls.Realising that Puranik had cheated her by making false promises of marriage, the lawyer registered a cheating case against him with the Shivajinagar police on December 7, 2012. Puranik was arrested on January 12, 2011.Puranik was convicted of cheating the lawyer under section 420 of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12974674", "title": "Rare illness turns 2 brothers into kids", "text": "LONDON: A devastating age reversing disease has regressed two middle-aged brothers back to their childhood in the UK, a bizarre condition that mirrors Brad Pitt's role in the American fiction 'The Curious Case of Benjamin Button' .The pair, 39-year-old Matthew and his former RAF member brother Michael Clark, 42, has reportedly contracted terminal leukodystrophy last year.While Michael is believed to have a mental age of 10 now and giggles constantly factory worker Matthew behaves like a small child. They now spend their days watching television, eating crisps and playing snakes and ladders. Their mysterious illness echoes Brad Pitt's character in the 2008 Hollywood drama in which he starts out as an old man but ages in reverse and gets younger, The Sun reported. Their devastated parents Anthony and Christine Clark have now abandoned plans to retire to Spain to look after them.Anthony, from Lincoln, Lincs, said, \"It is a devastating disease. Both of them are very childlike now. Matthew went out the other day and bought himself a train set and a Mr Potato Head. He also has these awful episodes where he screams and shouts and says 'I don't know what I'm doing'.\"While Matthew was fired from his job as a factory worker for behaving like a child, Michael's symptoms became more apparent when he was evicted from service for not looking after himself. Concerned salvation army workers sent him to a doctor and was diagnosed with terminal leukodystrophy.\"When they asked him if he had any siblings he said he had a brother and they ran tests on Matthew and discovered he had the same thing,\" Anthony, 63, said.Leukodystrophy is a neurological disease which affects the brain, nervous system and spinal cord. Little is known about the condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12972447", "title": "Robbers commandeer NGO staffer\u2019s car, held", "text": "NAGPUR: A scary incident on Wednesday added yet another episode in the growing lawlessness in the city. An employee of a private non-governmental organization was robbed after being hijacked from a traffic signal at Adam Shah Chowk at knifepoint.Shalu Thomas, in his twenties, works at a Ganga Jamuna-based NGO. He was heading towards a school at Sadar to pick up students sheltered at their home. Two strangers, later identified as Anil Dakah and Dilip, knocked on the glass window of the car to attract Thomas's attention. Thomas, who has come from Kerala to join the NGO, rolled down the glass window to speak to the strangers.The miscreants immediately pushed their hands into the car and opened the lock. They slipped inside the car beside Thomas and brandished a knife, threatening to stab him. Thomas was asked to drive the car to various locations in the city by the miscreants, who were demanding money from him.Not fluent in the local languages, Thomas followed their directions initially. The goons then started forcing Thomas to draw cash from an ATM, but the youngster managed to convince them that his card would not work in Nagpur.Sources said Anil and Dilip were continuously drinking liquor in the car while asking Thomas to take them around the city. Police said the duo led Thomas as far as Wadi and MIDC after visiting places like Mahal and Sadar. It is learnt that Dilip then got down at Sadar.Taking advantage of Anil's inebriated state, Thomas managed to establish communication with his senior colleagues at the NGO, who motivated him to put up some resistance. Thomas, bolstered by the pep-talk, fought back when his vehicle was near RBI colony square.Taken aback, Anil jumping out of the car and started running away. People nearby helped Thomas nab Anil before handing him over to Sitabuldi police constable Deepak More. The case was later transferred to Lakadganj police station. Police said that the robbers could not loot Thomas much. A manhunt has been launched for Dilip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974601", "title": "It\u2019s an evolving art form", "text": "Legendary singer and Bharat Ratna awardee Lata Mangeshkar's take on contemporary music is predictable. According to her, modern music, bereft of grief, pain or lullaby is no music at all. However, this is a purist's perception of the present-day music scenario. It's important to note that music as an art form is constantly evolving. The history of not just Indian classical and folk music but also world music confirms this evolutionary pattern. It's also true that at various points of time new musical trends have been criticised for straying away from the traditional . For example, the advent of rock and roll music in the 1940s and 50s too didn't find favour with the purists at the time.Similarly, Indian music has witnessed a significant degree of experimentation over the years. It was Ali Akbar Khan's 1955 concert in New York that triggered western interest in Indian classical music. Soon this curiosity found expression in the counter-culture movement of the 1960s that saw artistes such as Pandit Ravi Shankar collaborate with George Harrison of the Beatles , spawning genres such as raga rock and Indo-jazz fusions. Meanwhile, Bollywood played a critical role in shaping Indian music. Its commercial success not only democratised the music industry but also inspired pop artistes of the 1990s such as Baba Sehgal and Alisha Chinai to experiment with new beats and rhythms.Thus it makes little sense to compare contemporary singers such as Sunidhi Chauhan or Daler Mehndi with Mehdi Hassan or Ghulam Ali Khan. They represent different eras and styles, catering to vastly different audiences. Over the years, musicians have had to adapt to changing tastes and circumstances. But the commercial success of contemporary artistes proves that they are doing something right.COUNTERVIEWShe recognises what has been lostAnil ThakkarWith a career spanning seven decades and songs recorded in various languages and for over a thousand films, Lata Mangeshkar has seen the evolution of the Indian film industry almost from its infancy. She has worked with and borne witness to people who are considered legends now - K L Saigal, Mohammad Rafi, Mukesh, Kishore Kumar , Geeta Dutt - to the extent that even their names have a resonance of the romanticism that no era of Indian cinema has captured like its golden age of the mid-20 century. Thus, when she says that today's music is lacking - that its lack of true pain or beauty robs it of depth - she is speaking as someone who is uniquely placed to pass judgment.And she has made a perceptive assessment of the state of music today. Yes , there are lyricists and music composers and singers still working today who practise their craft by tapping into the wellspring of human emotion that gives all art its power. But they are the exception that proves the rule. The ruling paradigm, by far, is music that engages on a superficial, purely sensory level - melodies churned out by the dozen based on the crude algorithm of radio-friendly beat and chorus. A Rafi melody or a Kishore song is still instantly recognisable; it still works on the listener in the same way it might have on someone of an earlier generation. A modern hit, on the other hand, has a lifespan of about a summer - as long as it takes for the next chart-topping item number to come along. An A R Rahman ditty or two aside, have any classics been produced over the past two decades that will still be remembered half-a-century from now? The answer to that - and it's an obvious one - is the ultimate, if tragic, proof of what Lata Mangeshkar has tried to say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12974556", "title": "Full moon enhances your qualities", "text": "One poornima or full moon night some 2,500 years ago, something tremendous happened. After almost eight years of intense sadhana , Gautama Siddhartha had become so weak that his body was almost at the point of death. He came to the swift-flowing Niranjana, a large stream with knee-height water. He tried to cross the river, but halfway, his body became so weak that he could not take another step. But he was not the kind to give up. He held on to a dead branch and just stood there.It is said that he stood like this for hours. Suddenly, he realised that what he had been seeking was actually within. \"So why struggle? All that is needed is absolute willingness, and it is right here. Why am i searching everywhere?\" Once he realised this, he found that little extra ounce of energy to take the next few steps, walk across the river and sit down under the nowfamous Bodhi tree. He sat with the determination that \"unless the ultimate happens to me, i will not move. Either i will get up enlightened or i will die in this posture\" . And in one moment, he was there. If it becomes the only priority, one moment is all it takes.In his own silent way, Gautama changed the world forever. His flowering on that full moon night, 2,500 years ago, has made a significant change for spiritual seekers, whoever or wherever they are.Any poornima is significant. For one, the full moon has a certain aesthetic quality which improves your receptivity. If you look at anything beautiful, your receptivity to that object increases. The moment you look at anything that you consider ugly, your receptivity to it goes down. Another aspect is, on poornima, the planet is in a certain position in relation to the moon. The vibration and feel of the moon is very different when it is full. And its magnetic pull is also different at that time. It is working upon the surface of the planet which is exposed to the moon. When there is such a natural pull, since your spine is vertical, there is a tendency for your energies to move upward. That means, blood and prana, the fundamental life energies, flow in a different way. Just as tides rise higher on that night because of the moon's gravitational pull, your blood is also being pulled up and the circulation of blood increases in your brain.This upsurge of energy enhances your qualities, whatever they may be. If you are mentally imbalanced , it will make you even more imbalanced. If you are meditative, it makes you more meditative. If you are loving, it makes you even more loving. If you are fearful, it makes you even more fearful. The same happens with other qualities in you too, but most may not be sensitive enough to notice it.For seekers, especially those on the meditative path, it is more conducive to meditate on those nights because without an upsurge of energy, without a heightened sense of energy, there is no question of awareness. When there is a heightened sense of energy in your system, what you call awareness will come naturally to you. So we just want to make use of this natural phenomenon which is occurring on that night. So poornima is giving you a free ride of energy and awareness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12971947", "title": "Vegetable prices soar sky high in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: Vegetable prices in the wholesale markets across the city have soared since last fortnight burning a hole in the pocket of the average consumer. Low produce due to scorching summer and the marriage season in full swing are the key reasons for the price hike. Rythu Bazaar officials said that some vegetable prices have increased due to poor supply.The price of french beans reached a season high of Rs 100 per kg. The prevailing price of tomatoes is Rs 30 per kg in Mir Alam Mandi, three times its rate of Rs 10 per kg last week. Potatoes climbed from Rs 10 two weeks ago to Rs 16 on Wednesday. The price of cabbage rose from Rs 13 last week to Rs 20.Vendors of Mir Alam Mandi, Madannapet and Nampally markets say that both the summers and unseasonal rains have destroyed crops. They attribute the increase in prices to the marriage season. Mohammed Omar a vegetable vendor from Miralam Mandi said, \"This is the time for both Hindu and Muslim weddings. That's why prices are high.\"Moiz Khan, an IT professional, noted that the prices of certain vegetables had markedly risen since last week. \"The price of french beans refuses to fall. I bought it for Rs 70 per kg, tomatoes for Rs 30 and potatoes for Rs 18 per kg as against Rs 10 last week,\" he said. M A Rafe, another consumer from Noor Khan Bazaar feared prices could increase further because of a fuel hike in the offing. \"It is only natural that prices of vegetables will rise due to increase in transportation costs on account of a hike in diesel prices. The average consumer is already paying between 5 per cent and 20 percent extra for essential commodities. Another hike could make things worse.\"P S Pradunma, CEO, Rythu Bazaar said that the prices have indeed risen due to low produce, high transportation costs and low rainfall. \"The trend is such that prices reach their peak in April. The prices of vegetables on an average have indeed increased since last year as arrivals have dropped. For instance, arrivals of french beans have fallen. Last year arrival of French beans was 104 quintals, but is 50 quintals this year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977224", "title": "Barcelona's superstars remain best earners", "text": "Barcelona's superstars remain the best-paid players in the world of sports, according to new figures collated by industry analysts Sporting Intelligence.Barcelona's first team squad earn an average of \u00a3101,160 a week. Their conquerors in the Champions League, Chelsea, can boast of fourth position. Abramovich pays an average of \u00a379,197 to the first team squad.They are not the best-paid English Premier League team, however. Manchester City, who are currently topping the EPL, have leaped from 10th to 3rd place with players earning \u00a386,280 per week.City's numbers represent a 26 per cent year on-year increase in average first team pay and demonstrate the depth of the pockets of oil-rich owner Sheikh Mansour.Manchester United (\u00a363,514) are in 11th place. Real Madrid are second with their players earning \u00a390,859 each, over \u00a310,000 a week less than Barcelona.India have three representatives in the top 50. Kolkata have dropped seven places to 36 with weekly wages of \u00a348,560. Mumbai have risen five slots to 39. Pune creep into 50th place.The annual figures are on pro rata basis since it is only held in a two-month period.SPORTING WORLD'S RICH LIST  Rank  Last Year Position  Team  League  Average Annual Pay (in pounds)  Average Weekly Pay (in pounds)   1  1  Barcelona  La Liga  5260313  101160  2  2  Real Mardid  La Liga  4724662  90859  3  10  Man City  EPL  4486580  86280  4  6  Chelsea  EPL  4118227  79197  5  4  LA Lakers  NBA  3804441  73162  6  3  NY Yankees  MLB  3748831  72093  7  14  Milan  Serie A  3699411  71143  8  12  Bayern Munich  Bundesliga  3579961  68845  9  13  P Phillies  MLB  3525612  67800  10  7  Inter Milan  Serie A  3454681  66436   OTHER NOTABLES   11  16  Man United  EPL  3345911  64344  16  22  Arsenal  EPL  3199678  61532  18  20  Liverpool  EPL  3169631  60954  25  38  Juventus  Serie A  2845701  54725  34  56  Schalke  Bundesliga  2537706  48802   INDIA'S BEST   36  29  Team Kolkata  IPL  2525129  48560  39  44  Team Mumbai  IPL  2509657  48263  50  -  Team Pune  IPL  2326765  44745  IPL annual figures extrapolated, pro rata, from weekly figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978114", "title": "The gates of science superpowerdom", "text": "India's dream of becoming a science superpower is a much debated topic these days. However, the battle to gain the key to the gates of science superpowerdom is simply not a matter of capital budgeting as many would like to think. It requires an all-out effort on many fronts. While the country has as many as 50% of the population below 25 years old, a massive group that can bring creative prime in scientific fields, almost the same percent of Indians live in poverty. India's much celebrated Moon mission Chandrayan-1 led to the detection of water on the Moon, yet many in India walk miles each day in search of water. Such contradictions are not to be mistaken as the sign of weakness, nor the lack of contradictions any indication of advantage.Funding in science research, long thought to be the only solution, is no longer a constraint in India. Following the footsteps of National Science Foundation in USA; India has set up a National Science and Engineering Research Board. This board, over the few years, will spend about billion dollars for grants .However; many issues that need to be addressed are not simply a matter of funds.Unless serious efforts are not made to deal with the prevailing issues, India would be far behind China in basic science research, as recently warned by Prime Minister ManMohan Singh. The strength of democracy alone will not save India from declining in the world of science. I summarize the following four points as part of an effort to overcome the current impasse India faces in science research.1. Bureaucracy and corruptionThese evil twins make up the fabric of India's daily life. Though many crusades are being launched to abolish political corruption, the powerful bureaucracy that feeds this system remains and will remain as a powerful force to reckon with. With the patronage from the political masters, the bureaucratic layers of governance could hinder many advances. The lack of transparency, even at the age of e-governance, will enable the bureaucrats to cause indefinite damage to researchers and their long term plans.2. Missing rational science cultureThe absence of widespread rational science culture is prevalent in Indian society. In India, you may not find opposition from religious fundamentalists against teaching theory of evolution like in some US school systems .But a cohesive voice of scientific reasoning is often missing. A majority of Indian scientists, though secular, follow religious traditions and rarely spoke about such issues publicly. The belief and faith may be contributing factors of their personal determination and success, but it often crosses the limit of scientific boundaries. Performing a Puja before a rocket launch is ridiculous as a prayer before drawing a lottery. It can be argued that the polytheistic nature of the major religion Hinduism do not impose much t restrictions on its followers. However, it's common scenario in India where the scientists seek the blessings from the so-called godmen .3. Lack of basic research in schools and collegesThe best schools in India, though not many, is definitely a match for its US or European counter parts. However, most other schools lack basic research in high school or even in undergraduate curriculum. The traditional behavior and discipline can generate many followers but not leaders in scientific innovation. Irreverence must not be construed as indiscipline as it may contain the seeds of ingenuity .The collaboration of Industry and educational research must go beyond the well-known IT and outsourcing.4. Diversification of research neededThe enthusiasm for space and nuclear sciences is well known in India. When it comes to research in Biological sciences, India has a dismal record. The total output of India, in Biological research , is not even close to what the city of Boston alone offers .Similarly, the prospects of interdisciplinary studies is a not even discussed by the educational planners. Generating clean water and containing the epidemics are not the major part of any academic research in India, though they are absolutely necessary for a population still struggling to deal with such issues. The commitment to develop scientific temper in many fields is absolutely necessary.When the established science superpowers like US revise their priority in the light of new realities, it's a tremendous opportunity for countries like India to take advantage of the many potential benefits. As the gap of scientific achievements between west and emerging economic powers are narrowing, there may not be a single science super power in far future. The English-speaking computer wizards alone cannot lead India to a larger and far more complex world of scientific research. The cost of this lost opportunity would be beyond repair not just for Indian science but for the whole country.As Nobel Laureate Richard Feynman wrote, \"To every man is given the key to the gates of heaven. The same key opens the gates of hell. And so it is with science.\" And it's true with nations as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12971788", "title": "Rajput named coach for India A tour to West Indies", "text": "MUMBAI: Lalchand Rajput, head of Mumbai Cricket Association's indoor academy and former India manager and assistant coach, has been named as coach of the India A team scheduled to tour the West Indies next month.The team will play three four-day matches, three One-day games and two Twenty20s on the tour, which begins in Barbados June 2.Terming his appointment as another good chance to hone the skills of upcoming players, Rajput said, \"I have always felt proud coaching players who can go on to become future stars in Indian cricket.\"The former India opener, whose wards also include Virat Kohli and Ajinkya Rahane, added that the India A team was full of talent and promise and would surely do well in the Caribbean.The India A team will be led by Cheteshwar Pujara and also includes Rohit Sharma. The team will leave for the West Indies on May 29, two days after IPL-V gets over.India A squad: Cheteshwar Pujara (capt), Wriddhiman Saha (vc/wk), Abhinav Mukund, Shikhar Dhawan, Ajinkya Rahane, Rohit Sharma, Manoj Tiwary, Rahul Sharma, Ashok Dinda, Jalaj Saxena, Rudra Pratap Singh, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Robin Bisht, Akshay Darekar and Sami Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12974087", "title": "Parents welcome high court order on fee hike", "text": "GURGAON: Punjab and Haryana high court's decision to restrain schools in Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana from hiking fees without obtaining prior permission from the education boards and councils they are affiliated to has been welcomed by parents in Gurgaon.Parents said that the high court's decision comes as a relief at a time when they were being forced to pay exorbitant school fees which have been increasing almost every year. \"All of us want our children to go to the best of schools but the problem is education is becoming costlier by the day. Fees in schools, especially private ones, are being hiked every year and this has become a huge problem for parents. We appreciate the high court's efforts,\" said Sunayna Singh, a resident of Sushant Lok and a mother of a 15-year-old.A father of a 10-year-old, Suhel Kumar, expressed similar views. \"My child's school fee has almost doubled in the past two years. It is really becoming difficult for parents to send their children to good schools and bear the cost of their education. So, the high court's decision comes as a huge relief.\"The schools, meanwhile, did not seem to share the enthusiasm of the parents. Col Pratap Singh, president of the Haryana Progressive Schools' Conference ( HPSC), said, \"The government fails to look after the welfare of their schools and keeps interfering with the functioning of the private schools. That is not fair. It is not for the government to decide the fees of private schools. It is the discretion of the schools and the parents.\"But when TOI contacted the administrative head of Shikshantar School, Seema Singh, and the principal of Scottish International High School, Sudha Goel, both of them said that they would ultimately abide by the government and court's orders.Meanwhile, the district education department is yet to take action on the high court's directive. Manoj Kaushik, deputy education officer, said that they would take action after receiving the directions from the education directorate.Many social activists have also welcomed the order. Satyaveer Singh, an advocate and president of an NGO, met the district education officer and the district elementary education officer, and requested them to take action against the schools which have already hiked their fees before the court had issued the order. \"The schools are required to file a particular form to justify the hike, but this has not been done in years. This means that the hike in the fees of private schools is totally unauthorized. The department has the right to suspend, take over or withdraw the affiliation of the school, in the event of contempt of court,\" said Satyaveer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12974597", "title": "Teachers attend a programme to handle students more efficiently", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With students getting to learn so many things from outside the classroom, it has been a challenge for teachers to know what to teach and what not. A two-day enrichment program at Mothers Public School (MPS) saw a panel of experts teaching teachers to face the challenges and tricks to deal with them at the same time make learning joyful.MPS principal Poly Patnaik said, \"The main objective of the programme is to enlighten teachers about different challenges they are facing in dealing with students. They also learn how to make continuous and comprehensive evaluation system more useful for assessing the co-scholastic behavior of children.\"Chitra Ajay, a teacher, said, \"Sometimes we get confused how much students know. Besides, with students from varied backgrounds it is difficult to teach the most challenging aspect of our job is meeting each individual student's needs. The complexity of issues that students bring with them to school requires teachers to have an understanding of behavioral conditions they previously did not need to consider.\"Dr Neharika Vohra, faculty of IIM, Ahmedabad, emphasized on the alternate ways of looking at things, as in the same context we can see two different things. \"This play a very important role in teacher-student relationship as preconceived perceptions can hamper a child's progress. A supportive environment is needed for proper learning to take place,\" she said.\"It has been important for teachers to be more creative to present things in an effective and joyful manner so that students would feel the newness in it. They must keep on discovering new ideas to keep students engaged at the same time evaluate and assess their abilities,\" said Snigdha Pattnaik, faculty XIMB.Anita Acharya, a retired teacher, through a variety of games effectively demonstrated the concept on how games can inject fun into learning. Teachers enjoyed playing the educational games. They also realized how games can prove to be an effective aid in making learning easy and enjoyable.As many as 50 teachers from different schools attended the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972469", "title": "Property dealer shot at, assailant lynched", "text": "JAIPUR: Two bike-borne men shot at a trader at his shop in Pilani town in Jhunjhunu district on Wednesday, after which a mob thrashed to death one of the assailants. While the trader, who is also a property dealer, is admitted to hospital with serious injuries, the other attacker managed to flee.The incident took place at 2 pm at Nihali Chowk market in Pilani.One Girdhari Lal Saini (45), a part-time property dealer, was sitting at his shoe shop along with his son and other staff when two men walked in after parking their bike outside. One of the assailants shot at Saini, injuring his hand.Soon, a few people present there managed to grab one of the assailants, identified as Sunil Sharma (35), and started beating him. A large crowd, including local shopkeepers, reached the spot and joined the lynching. Later, police was informed, who reached the spot with an ambulance.\"The injured property dealer was rushed to government hospital, Sikar from where relatives took him to a private hospital in Jaipur. He sustained injuries on his wrist and head. The attacker was also rushed to government hospital, Pilani who was declared brought dead,\" said deputy superintendent of police, Chirwa, Rajendra Singh.\"Saini is into property dealings and had some rivalry with one Anil Jaat, a Bhiwani-based businessman over a piece of land. He was attacked in the past as well and both of them had implicated each other in attempt to murder cases. There is a possibility that the attack is the outcome of the rivalry he had with those in Haryana,\" said the DySP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12974968", "title": "'Operation Dirty' to keep Hubli and Dharwad garbage free", "text": "HUBLI: Taking uncleanliness in the twin cities head on, the HDMC is launching 'Operation Dirty,' a project aimed at making Hubli and Dharwad garbage free.Under the project, teams of pourakarmikas and supervisors will be constituted to monitor garbage lifting, dumping and gutter cleaning activities in the twin cities.Choked gutters, overflowing drainages and garbage containers inseveral localities have spoiled the look of the twin cities, besides posing health hazards. There is a need to ensure regular cleaning of the localities and also create awareness among people on maintaining their surroundings clean. Realizing the gravity of the situation, the corporation has decided to take cleaning operation on a war footing. Each ward will have a team of 25 pourakarmiakas, who will monitor the areas under the supervision of an official.The supervisor will oversee whether corporation workers are collecting garbage from the houses regularly and cleaning containers on road sides. The team will also restrict people from throwing garbage on roads and open sites.The corporation will give a bucket to each household in which they should dispose the rubbish. Pourakarmikas will go door-to-door to collect the garbage.A fund of Rs 1 lakh has been kept aside by the corporation to buy buckets under the project.Hubli-Dharwad mayor Pandurang Patil told TOI that 'Operation Dirty' will go a long way in keeping the twin cities clean as there will be regular monitoring in each ward by the supervisors.Also there will be awareness camps for the citizens on maintaining the city clean, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12972067", "title": "Simhadri National Thermal Power Corporation unit faces coal crunch", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Coal shortage could pose serious threat to power generation at Simhadri National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) here. Apart from its three units of 500 MW each, another 500 MW unit, which was commissioned recently, would be fully operational soon.Sources said the Simhadri plant was not getting sufficient coal stocks following shortage of supply from Singareni collieries. NTPC Simhadri needs 32,000 metric tonnes of coal every day for its four units. However, the plant is relying on supplies from Mahanadi coal fields. Since the supply channel is on the main line of Kolkata-Chennai railway route, any disruption could pose serious problem to operations at the units, NTPC sources said.Though the plant has storage of coal for 10-12 days and has facilities to use 20% of imported coal, the authorities do not want to take any chances since utilization of imported coal enhances the production costs. NTPC Simhadri is currently using 6,000 metric tonnes of imported coal from Indonesia every day. The imported coal generates only 10% of ash compared to 35% of ash generated by Indian coal, officials said. Emission levels of imported coal are very low compared to indigenous coal. \"Though the power sector has shown improvement in recent years, the coal sector has not grown on a par with it across the country,\" NTPC Simhadri general manager D K Sood said.Sources said to overcome the coal shortage, NTPC is trying to develop its own mines. Sood said NTPC is diversifying beyond the fossil fuels as it has plans to enhance its capacity by entering into hydro, nuclear, solar and wind power generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12972741", "title": "MLAs in C P Joshi cavalcade hurt in accident", "text": "JAIPUR: Two Congress MLAs were injured when their vehicle in the cavalcade of Union minister C P Joshi was hit by a truck coming from opposite direction.Pushkar Lal and Ganesh Singh from Mavli and Kumbhalgarh constituencies respectively were part of the Union minister C P Joshi's cavalcade and were going to Udaipur from Sirohi district.The vehicle in which Lal and Singh were travelling was the last in the cavalcade. When the vehicle was passing through Pindwara village of Sirohi district, it was hit by a truck coming from opposite direction.\"Lal got her left hand fractured while Singh also sustained minor injuries in the accident,\" said a senior police officer of Pindwara police station.Lal and Singh were initially taken to a hospital and thereafter they were referred to the government hospital in Udaipur. \"Since their vehicle was badly damaged from the front side, another government vehicle was arranged to take the two MLAs to Udaipur,\" the officer said.Asked if the Union minister Joshi and other 12 vehicles in the cavalcade stopped after the accident, the officer said, \"Since the vehicle was travelling last in the row, other vehicles had no idea. However, they were informed later.\"A case has been registered against driver of the truck who managed to flee from the scene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12975000", "title": "Congress puts aside differences to focus on upcoming bypoll", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Forgetting all the differences in the party following the induction of the fifth IUML minister into the cabinet among the Congress leaders, the KPCC executive committee meeting on Wednesday decided to stand united and campaign for the Neyyattinkara bypoll.However, there are reports that K Muraleedharan who was more critical against the IUML had walked out of the meeting, which was later denied by KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala . \"I admit that there have been some shortcomings in the issues relating to IUML. Both the KPCC president and chief minister have equal responsibility on this,'' said Ramesh after the meeting.The meeting has decided to concentrate on the election campaigning.The KPCC president said many leaders had left the meeting before its conclusion and so Muraleedharan's exit cannot be treated as a walk out. He too has agreed to the KPCC decision to put an end to the public comments on the fifth minister issue. Ramesh said that both the party and the UDF would fight united against the CPM in Neyyattinakra and it would be a repetition of Piravom. \"This bypoll would be an appraisal of the performance of the UDF government and we are confident that we would repeat the victory of Piravom,\" said Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12972734", "title": "Cash crunch hits control of stray dogs", "text": "NOIDA: The only animal shelter in Noida run by Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (SPCA) is refusing to take any calls from people to sterilize strays due to a severe cash crunch. Even though an amount of Rs 5 lakh to be given every month had been sanctioned for the organization by the Noida Authority in October last year, for the last six months they have not received a single penny of the nearly Rs 60 lakh due to them. Members allege that their payments are stuck in red tape and the absence of a Noida Authority chief is aggravating the problem.In a meeting held in October, the then Authority chairman and CEO, Balwinder Kumar sanctioned the funds so that the organization could deal with the stray dog problem. The aim was to check the stray population by sterilizing nearly 2,400 dogs within an year. \"In October 2011, we received Rs 5 lakh from the Authority. This amount was to sterilize about 200 dogs and construct about 70 kennels, which would have housed these strays,\" said Anuradha Dogra, member, managing committee, SPCA. \"But till date, neither has the money been given to us and nor have the kennels been constructed by the Authority,\" Dogra added. Moreover, an additional amount of Rs 4.90 lakh per month, to be given to the SPCA for caring for bigger animals and for running the centre, has not been received by the society.While the Authority had increased the funds provided to the organization by almost double, the SPCA on its part had promised to check the population of stray dogs by significantly implementing the Animal Birth Control (ABC) as well as undertaking rescue operations. \"We carried out ABC and day-to-day operations till February this year, but now we are not being able to do any more sterilization or even take calls for rescue. We are only attending to medical emergencies. But soon that may have to stop, too,\" Dogra said.In the past four years, SPCA has been sterilizing 50 to 100 dogs a month and currently the shelter houses nearly 400 stray dogs. Members say \"it has been an uphill task\" for them till now to discharge their duties and it has got worse as even their helpers have all left as their salaries were not paid. \"Residents expect us to take away the stray dogs, but as per Supreme Court guidelines the only way to curb this problem is to sterilize and vaccinate them, which we are willing to do provided we get funds from the Authority,\" said Anjali Sharma, another SPCA member. \"If we don't get the funds from the Authority soon, we will have to close down operations,\" Sharma said.Even as the SPCA is struggling with their problem, the district magistrate, Dr MKS Sundaram - who is the chairman of the society - has been apprised of the matter and has scheduled only next Tuesday for a visit to the facility. Meanwhile, Authority officials when contacted said that they would look into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "sonepat", "code": "12977095", "title": "One gangster killed, another injured in encounter with Sonepat police", "text": "SONEPAT: The Sonepat police shot dead one gangster and injured his accomplice in an encounter near Safiabad village in the district on the Sonipat-Delhi border on late Wednesday night. The criminal duo Rakesh alias Boda and Sandeep alias Kala were accused in the Jhajjar shootout in which three undertrials were gunned down in police custody three months back.According to information, the Kundli police station SHO Rajpal Singh laid a trap on the Sonipat-Narela road following a tip off that the two criminals would be traveling to Sonipat from Delhi in a car. When the cops spotted their car and indicated them to stop, the criminals opened fire on the police party and tried to flee on foot towards thefields. However in the retaliatory firing, the duo suffered bullet injuries and captured by the police. They were rushed to the civil hospital in Sonepat where doctors referred them to the PGIMS at Rohtak.The PGIMS officials however confirmed that while Rakesh was brought dead, his accomplice Sandeep was admitted with bullet injuries. The police sources informed that police had announced a cash prize of Rs 50,000 on Rakesh while Sandeep too carried a reward of Rs 1.21 lakh. They were also accused in triple murder of former Karaur village sarpanch Shribhagwan and two of his relatives in the police custody when they were being taken back to Bhondsi jail in Gurgaon after their appearance in Rohtak court. A group of eight assailants including the two nabbed gangsters shot dead three undertrails after forcing the police van to halt near Dulina police post on Jhajjar-Gurgoan road in March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12977340", "title": "Karisma Kapoor reprises Raja Babu and Raja Hindustani", "text": "Two of Karisma Kapoor's biggest hits - Raja Hindustani and Raja Babu were almost brought back to life on the TV show Comedy Circus where the actress appeared as a celebrity judge for a forthcoming episode.It was a reunion of sorts when Karisma Kapoor met Judge Archana Puran Singh. After a hiatus of 16 years, this was the first time that these two actresses were meeting. The last time these two ladies shared screen space was in Raja Hindustani and since then they both have not been in touch. But when fate brought them together on stage of Comedy Circus they hit it off right where they left. Laughing, giggling and gossiping were on top of the check list as these two caught up with each other's life.But it didn't end there. After Raja Hindustani , it was time for Raja Babu to be revived. Though Govinda wasn't present, his nephew and popular standup comedian Krushna Abhishek dressed up like Raja Babu for his act with Sudesh Lahiri. Karisma Kapoor joined them on the stage to add some original thumkas to the act.One can certainly say that the actress is back in form!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972296", "title": "Tax evasion: Resort gets Rs 100 cr relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Tivoli Gardens, a south Delhi leisure resort slapped with demand notices of upto Rs 115 crore, now faces scrutiny for tax evasion of just Rs 8 crore. The resort has been granted a relief of over Rs 100 crore by the court of sales tax special commissioner.The matter had put PWD minister Raj Kumar Chauhan in the line of fire for allegedly influencing a team of tax officials when they were checking the resort's premises. Last year, Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin had sought Chauhan's removal but President Pratibha Patil rejected the recommendation after chief minister Sheila Dikshit sent a report to the home ministry defending Chauhan.The enforcement team of trade and taxes department surveyed the premises of Tivoli Gardens on February 20, 2010 and seized some documents. This was followed by a report by the department, which became the basis for passing the impugned order of default assessment of tax and interest and notice of assessment of penalty.The value added tax officer issued 48 default assessment orders and 48 penalty notices for the period April 2006 to March 2010 concluding that the dealer had failed to deposit taxfor the reasons adduced in the default assessment of tax and interest appended to the orders. The resort appealed against these orders before special commissioner, Delhi taxes.Special commissioner III (Delhi taxes), SP Singh, said in his April 24 order that default assessment orders of tax and interest and corresponding penalty orders for the years 2006-07, 2007-08, 2008-09 and 2009-10 cannot be sustained. \"However, the resort's objection pertaining to the period between April 2009 and February 2010 needs to be reassessed in light of the seized material, documents presented by the resort and other documents,\" the order states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12973074", "title": "Parking lot attendants use our cars to give driving lessons, with deadly effect", "text": "MUMBAI: It took the death of a 40-year-old woman near south Mumbai's Opera House to blow the lid off a racket in using parked cars for giving driving lessons.A south Mumbai jeweller was in for quite a shock on Tuesday afternoon when he received a call from the police informing him that his car had been in an accident. On his way to the DB Marg police station, where he had been summoned for questioning, he tried piecing together the story he had unwittingly been made a part of. The police later informed him that the parking attendant whom he had given his keys to park his Honda City just a few hours earlier had given the car to his friend, Umesh Pawar. And, minutes after taking the wheel, Pawar rammed his car into Kusum Solanki, 40, who died on the spot.Outraged relatives of the deceased and other residents of the area blame the police for not taking adequate and timely action against the parking lot contractor and attendants. They claimed that these men had been running an illegal business where they use parked cars to give driving lessons.\"Owners of the cars give their keys to these boys since they trust them and it saves them time trying to find a parking spot in the morning. During the afternoon hours, these attendants \"teach\" driving to local boys, charging anywhere between Rs 2,000 and 3,000 a month,\" said Aarti Waghale, a resident of the area. She added that people are ready to pay the money since they get to drive around in fancy cars. Owners never come to know since the car is parked at the original spot by evening.Police said that the jeweller gave his car keys to parking attendant, Mahendra Bhoir (24), on Tuesday morning since he was in a hurry to get to work. \"Instead of parking the car immediately, Bhoir decided to take the car for a drive with his friend, Umesh Pawar. Pawar didn't realize the car was in gear and pressed the accelerator instead of the clutch,\" said Ajit Surve, senior police inspector of DB Marg police station.Pawar rammed the Honda City into Kusum Solanki, dragging her for about 50 feet under the wheels, before finally crashing into a footpath. Solanki was washing clothes outside her hutment at Mathew Road near Opera House when the accident happened. She was rushed to the nearby Saifee Hospital where she was declared dead on arrival. Umesh Pawar was booked for rash and negligent driving and culpabale homicide not amounting to murder and remanded to 16 days of judicial custody.Bhoir maintained he wasn't giving any lessons and just wanted to take a joyride with his friend. \"I have never sanctioned illegal use of parked cars. This was just a one-time accident,\" said the contractor, Shankar Jha. Neither Bhoir nor Pawar held a valid driving licence.Surve said the police was investigating into these allegations and would book Jha and Bhoire in the case. \"Right now we have received a written complaint which we are examining. After gathering some more evidence, we can press charges against the contractor and the attendant,\" he said. The police will also seek the help of the BMC, which owns the parking lot, to investigate if Jha was a legal contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "12974963", "title": "Chief minister Oommen Chandy defends Kerala's actions in Enrica case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy has said Italy has been forced to accept the fact that the Enrica Lexie case should be tried in accordance with the laws in India following the strong stance taken by the state government.\"For releasing the ship, we demanded that the Italian government should be ready to produce the witnesses on demand. First, they refused. Later, they agreed. Our demand that they should pass through procedures under the Indian law was also accepted,\" Chandy said.Criticizing the media and the opposition for playing up the controversy on the additional solicitor general (ASG) in the apex court, Chandy said the media went on with the tirade even after the ASG said that it was his personal view. \"We took a strong stand in the court and the Centre extended its support. The solicitor-general himself appeared and argued strongly in favour of our case,\" said Chandy.He also flayed the media for reporting that the apex court blamed the state government for not appealing against the out-of-court agreement reached between the family of the victims and the Italian government.\"It was our lawyer Gopal Subramaniam who invited the attention of the court into the settlement. Then, the court criticized it and during the course of the argument asked the state why it didn't file an appeal. The advocate clarified that the pact was inked on April 27 and the state didn't get time to file an appeal,\" he said. He added that the state government would soon file an appeal. But, the whole episode was reported as if there were lapses on part of the government,\" said Chandy.To a query whether there would be any action against the additional solicitor general who argued against the state's interest, Chandy said, \"wait and watch\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12973882", "title": "Touts make a killing in train ticket scam", "text": "CHENNAI: Touts are making a killing from the seasonal spike in demand for train tickets, selling them at outrageous premiums or, worse, pocketing the fee with a profit for berths already booked by someone else.These touts operate with impunity right outside Chennai Central and other railway stations in the city, taking advantage of the fact that people want to travel during summer holidays but cannot get tickets online or at tatkal counters.Railway officials, who would have to be wearing blinkers to be unaware of what is going on outside their offices, have done nothing to stop the touts.When this correspondent approached six 'travel agents' near Park Railway Station on Wednesday, the touts assured him that railway tickets to Bangalore, Hyderabad and Kochi were available on trains the next day, but at RS 400 to Rs 1,200 extra per ticket.\"Tickets are available. If you are willing to pay Rs 600 extra, you will get a confirmed ticket,\" one travel agent said. After some haggling, he lowered the commission to Rs 400. Then he made a call on his cellphone and appeared to talk to a railway official. \"The ticket is available but you must pay today. The ticket will be ready when you bring this receipt with you tomorrow,\" he said.Five other agents, five similar stories. But a quick check of ticket availability online showed that there were no tickets available on trains to Bangalore, Hyderabad and Kochi on Thursday. Several commuters been ripped off by these touts. \"I approached the agents because I could not get a confirmed ticket at the counters,\" said Anju Lopez, a student. \"I paid the ticket charge plus a large commission. The agent gave me a receipt and said the ticket was confirmed. While boarding the train, I discovered that my ticket was still in the waiting list.\"\"It is difficult to stop these touts because they do not operate out of an office,\" said Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma. \"But we will take action to curb the selling of tickets in black.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12973193", "title": "Aspirants demanding their berth right in Cabinet expansion", "text": "BANGALORE: The CM continues to suffer berth pangs: the BJP bosses' delay in giving the nod for cabinet expansion is agitating more than a dozen aspirants. Some of the legislators have gone public seeking early expansion.But even as chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda is in New Delhi leading an all-party delegation on drought as also to seek nod for cabinet expansion from the party leaders, state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa on Wednesday said the much-awaited cabinet expansion will happen within the next 15-days bringing cheer to the hopefuls.Reacting to the demands of a group of legislators for early expansion, Eshwarappa told reporters: \"There has been a demand from all quarters. Ministers have done a good job. Some of them have got awards and rewards from the Union ministries for good performance,\" he said while hinting that none from the existing cabinet would be dropped.Asked whether the cabinet expansion was delayed on account of pending court cases against former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , Eshwarappa said there was no connection between the two.He said the state executive will meet soon to decide on the action to be taken against BJP legislators and MPs supporting Independent MLA B Sriramulu's padayatra.Delay in cabinet expansion has turned loyal BJP legislators into rebels. A group of MLAs including C T Ravi, Appachu Ranjan, Chandrakanth Bellad, D N Jeevaraj and M K Patanashetti have started a signature campaign demanding immediate cabinet expansion and dropping of some ministers.Though they have not specified who should be dropped, these MLAs on Wednesday maintained that ministers R Ashoka, Murugesh R Nirani, Basavaraj Bommai, C M Udasi, Umesh V Katti among others should be dropped. They said the ministers should be entrusted with responsibility of strengthening the party instead as assembly elections were just a year away.According to these MLAs, more than 40 legislators have signed the letter for immediate cabinet expansion and this would be sent to BJP bosses in New Delhi. This apart, these MLAs have also demanded that appointments to various boards and corporations be made immediately. The MLAs said that the appointment of loyal party workers to statutory bodies would strengthen the party.Worry lines* There are 11 berths to be filled* As the party leaders are yet to say yes for cabinet expansion, the CM is ready to distribute more than 20 portfolios among the existing 22 ministers* Even if the leaders give the green signal, expansion will be a mammoth exercise for the CM as there are many groups within the ruling BJP and too many hopefuls", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12973851", "title": "Diveagar temple to get replica of stolen idol", "text": "PUNE: City jeweller Jitendra Ghodke will hand over a gold-coated silver replica of the Ganesh idol in the temple at Diveagar which was stolen on March 24.The 1,320-gram replica will be handed over to the villagers of Diveagar on Thursday.A gang of robbers had attacked the two watchmen at the temple and stole the ancient idol of Ganesh. One watchman was killed in the incident. Ghodke said, \"The trustee and the residents of Diveagar will accept the replica made by us. The trustees have also told us that the idol will be kept in the temple till a new idol made of gold is ready.\"The silver idol was crafted about two years ago. \"Though we crafted it about two years ago, it is still with us. Following the theft, we decided to hand over the replica to the temple,\" Ghodke said, adding that he was ready to offer services of artisans for making a gold idol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12975131", "title": "Discriminatory fence put by dalits removed near Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The district police have removed a fence, allegedly erected by members of the scheduled caste to prevent villagers belonging to another dalit community from reaching their temple near Madurai, on Thursday.The barbed fence was removed in the presence of police officials and members from both the communities. The action comes in the wake of a petition to the collector, U Sagayam, on Monday and a subsequent police complaint. In the petition, arunthathiyars of Sandhayur near T Kallupatti, about 40-km from Madurai said that the parayars, also a dalit community, had raised the barbed fence about 10 years back. \"Efforts by the members of our community to get the fence removed over the years had proved futile and we were forced to take a circuitous route to our temple,\" they had alleged.Police said that out of the 700 families in Sandhayur, arunthathiyars comprised about 30 families while there were 60 parayar families. Both the communities had different temples for their worship. The arunthathiyars had complained that they had to reach their temple only after crossing the temple of the parayars.In a bid to prevent arunthathiyars from crossing the temple meant for parayar's, the latter had erected the fence in a poramboke land, the complaint said. \"Due to the fence, we were forced to navigate around our residential colony to reach our temple. We took lot of efforts to get the fence removed. Even after adopting a resolution in the panchayat, the fence was not removed,\" they stated in the complaint.Madurai SP initiated an inquiry and found that the allegations were true and instructed the police to remove the fence from the poramboke land. The police summoned members of both the communities, held talks with them and subsequently removed the fence.It was close to Sandhayur, that an untouchability wall hit the headlines few years back at Uthapuram village. The wall was subsequently removed by the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978227", "title": "The Mystical Konark", "text": "No matter where our feet or fate takes us, the warmth and lure of home always remains etched in our hearts. A peaceful serene ambience, hustle in the leaves, the aroma of land freshly washed by a shower, laughter of friends, or even honking of cars- just a tiny semblance or cue and memories of past come cascading. Memories that sometimes trigger a smile, laughter, a flicker of tears or ache in the heart. Sitting at the water front, in the bed of nature at Malaysia my mind took me to a place in my home land, I had visited years ago- The magnificent Sun Temple of Orissa.My first introduction to Konark was when I was a kid of 9 years. A group of family friends had decided to go on an outing to Konark via the Marine drive. Even as a child the stillness, the tranquil beauty of the drive- lined by sultry sand, sturdy trees and bushes trying to veil the sun kissed ocean behind- enticed me. At one point in the journey, the trees had made way to reveal the sea in its full glory. The small troupe of picnickers could not help being pulled by the call of this titillating beauty of nature. We stopped our vans and got down. Our parents warned us to be careful of the spiky seeds and thorn scattered on the beach, as we rushed out, jumping over the small hills and rolling down the sharp troughs of sand. The father's ran behind heaving shouting, and trying to keep pace. I cannot forget the ocean in all its elements, its color- the purest of blue. When we got tired of the euphoric play with wind, sand and sea, we diverted our attention to the hollow trucks and dried pieces of cashew-nuts scattered on the beach. One of our parents grabbed this opportunity of momentary quiet to tell us about the amazing stories of Konark, our main destination. I heard wide eyed, about the fascinating stories the adult spun out about the Sun Temple. Yes, at that point in life they appeared as magical stories.Overlooking the magnificent expanse of Bay of Bengal- perched on the yellow radiance of Chandrabhaga beach, stands the Black Pagoda. Konark derives its name from\" Kona\", meaning corner and \"Arka\" , meaning Sun. The Sun temple of Konark is a spectacular monument depicting an inimitably and exquisite poetry on stone. A testimony of the glorious era of King Narasimhadeva-1- the sanctorum remains today as a living realism portraying the ornate architectural style, expertise and splendor of the Kalinga School of Indian temple art. The temple was conceived after 12 long year of absolute penance by 1200 master craftsmen. Built from black granite the grandiose structure is hailed as one of the most sublime monuments of India, for its impeccable proportion and colossal dimension. King Narasimhadeva- 1 ordered the construction of the monument in praise of the Sun God -who is deemed as the primal source of all life. The Temple portrays the chariot of the Sun God about to proceed in its first flight. The chariot has twenty four horses and seven wheels. The artistic flair and mentality in depicting the seven days of a week (the seven horses) and the twenty four hours of a day (the 24 wheels) is fascinating. The temple is constructed to align with the south west axis of the sun. The Pagoda bathed in warm glare of sun rays shone brightly and served as a landmark for ships in the nearby sea. The ravages of time echo across its length and breath, but etchings of the masterpiece remain intact in the Mukhasala(entrance canopy) and the Natya Mandir. An interesting piece of information about the architectural proficiency of the Sun temple is that-the stones are not stuck together by cement or lime stone. Instead the granite pieces are so polished that a single drop of glue(lakha) is adequate to hold it together. Intricate designs, tapestries, animal figurines and amorous human forms adorn every inch and corner of the temple. The architectural sonata of the Sun temple replicates the alluring postures and beauty of Oddisi (classical dance form of Orissa). Every year the union between architecture and performing art is rejuvenated when the Konark Dance festival is held from December 1st to the 5th. Recognizing the unparalleled magnificence of Konark the UNESCO declared it as a World Heritage Site. Many a legend lay hidden in the depths of the magic spun by these stones. The first Oriya to get a Padmashree Pt. Sada Shiv Rathsharma has excavated many of the theories surrounding Konark in his book titled \" Sun Temple of Konark\". Some of them are, the legend of Kalapahad and that of the powerful Lodestones which could destroy the compass of the ship at sea. However there is one Legend that is both gripping in its intensity and poignant in its irony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12974242", "title": "Government to set up cold storage facility for tomatoes", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tomato farmers in the region have welcomed the government's decision to set up a cold storage facility for storing tomatoes at an estimated cost of Rs 2.5 crore near Kinnathukkadavu, a predominant region where the vegetable is grown. The decision announced by the state agriculture minister S Damodaran is a great relief for over 50,000 tomato farmers in and around Coimbatore who send their crop to be sold at the wholesale vegetable markets in the district.\"Tomatoes are very vulnerable to variations in temperature and storage conditions. Majority of the produce is lost as there is no proper storage facility at the moment. We welcome the government's decision to construct a cold storage facility,\" said P Kanthasamy, General Secretary, Tamil Nadu Farmers Association.However, the farmers are hopeful that the storage facility would be constructed within the next couple of months as the peak tomato season begins from June and lasts till December. The crop usually takes about 70 to 80 days before it is ready to be plucked.The government is expected to offer the cold storage facility to farmers at a nominal rate for a fixed duration. Most tomato farmers in the district are now opting for a specialised variety of tomato seed which has an extended shelf life of about a week. The farmers are left with a marginal profit of Rs 5 to 10 per kilogram of tomatoes at the whole sale market.Another demand put forth by farmers is that the government should procure tomatoes directly from them at the wholesale markets at Kinnathukkadavu, Nachampalayam and Alandurai from where about 50 to 60 crates of tomatoes are sent to Kerala daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973096", "title": "4 detained over property fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police have detained four members of a family in connection with a case of property fraud. They hope their interrogation will help them solve several cases of property fraud, which have taken place in the last three years in south Delhi and Gurgaon.Malviya Nagar police is probing allegations that these persons had sold mortgaged houses to unsuspecting buyers at exorbitant rates. A police source said the total amount involved may have been over Rs 1 crore.According to an FIR registered at the Malviya Nagar police station, one person - along with his family members - had raised a loan of Rs 40 lakh from a bank and bought a property in Malviya Nagar in 2000.They stayed there for sometime before putting the house up for sale in 2003. For this, they prepared fake documents of bank clearances. Surendra, who bought the house, was in for a shock when bank officials came to the house and demanded possession of the house on account of unpaid loans.\"We found the accused had cases against them in Gurgaon and that they have been trying to hide at the residence of their relatives in Ghaziabad, Gurgaon, among other places to avoid being nabbed. The main accused had earlier duped three others using a similar modus operandi in the DLF Phase II area of Gurgaon. His sons have recently been released from a Haryana jail for trying to cheat prospective buyers in Gurgaon,'' said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12973835", "title": "IIT answer sheets to be posted online", "text": "NEW DELHI: IIT aspirants will now get to see their evaluated answer scripts of the Joint Entrance Examination even before the result is declared on May 18. IIT Delhi , which organized JEE on April 8 this year, has decided to upload the checked optical response sheets of every candidate on the JEE website. The sheets will be available online only for six days from May 5 to May 10.During this time, candidates can go through the evaluation and point out any discrepancy or error in checking. IITD will consider all complaints and update scores, if required, before preparing the final merit list.This is for the first time that IITs will show evaluated ORS to candidates. \"It is possible that sometimes the scanner might not read an answer if the candidate has not filled the response bubble completely. Candidates can go through their optical reader sheets and if they do not find the evaluation satisfactory, they can lodge a complaint online,\" said Professor R Shevgaonkar, director, IIT Delhi. Nearly 4.8 lakh candidates had appeared in JEE this year. Since JEE is held in two parts, each candidate had two ORS which will now be uploaded. A candidate can access the ORS using his or her date of birth and registration number.The administration will consider an answer only if the response bubble has been darkened more than half. IITD officials also clarified that there will be no scope for changing the answers as the ORS will be uploaded only as an image. Also, there will be no scope for questioning the answer keys or the evaluation process. \"This facility will enable students to highlight any technical glitches. They'll know the marks scored for each question. Representatives of all IITs will meet after May 10 and the revision process will be carried out between May 11 and May 14. Te updated responses will be reflected in the ORS by May 15,\" said JEE chairperson Professor G B Reddy. The ranks will be clear only on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972727", "title": "Transport officials nab 10 auto drivers with fake rate cards", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO on Wednesday nabbed 10 auto drivers in the eastern and western suburbs for carrying fake tariff cards. The accused drivers were asked to pay hefty fines and let off with a warning.Officials said they would continue checking autos outside railway stations and catch drivers with fake cards. The racket was exposed by TOI more than a week ago after which the RTO apprehended two persons for circulating fake cards in Jogeshwari and Vile Parle.An FIR has been registered against the duo and they are cooling their heels in police custody.Of the 10 drivers apprehended on Wednesday, five were from the eastern suburbs. \"We have the backgrounds of these drivers and are seeking legal opinion on whether to lodge police complaints against them,\" said deputy RTO (Wadala) Abhay Deshpande. He said that each driver had been fined Rs 2,600, which would be a \"big deterrent\".Commuters recently noticed the fake cards, which were printed in colour and had forged signatures of the state transport secretary. \"In such cases, police complaints can be lodged directly by passengers,\" transport secretary Shailesh Sharma told TOI, while appealing to citizens to alert the RTO about fake tariff cards or lodge complaints on the toll-free number 1800-22-0110.In the western suburbs, the Andheri RTO picked up five drivers. Deputy RTO (Andheri) Bharat Kalaskar demanded that the police conduct a detailed probe and arrest the mastermind behind the racket.Sources said that more than 20,000 fake cards are believed to be in circulation among drivers.Forgers took advantage of the delay by the RTO to print genuine cards. Sharma said, \"We will be cautious. The next time we announce a fare hike, we will give adequate time for printing cards.\" The next fare hike is likely in a few months, with the one-member Hakim committee devising a new formula for fare hikes of autos/taxis.Meanwhile, the RTO apprehended six auto drivers with expired fitness certificates. The drive began last week (first written by TOI), and the purpose is to apprehend those who are avoiding a switch-over from mechanical to the e-meter. It has now become mandatory to install an e-meter during the annual fitness tests, but some drivers were avoiding these tests and driving autos with expired certifcates.Times ViewThis is one RTO drive for which commuters, forced to pay a premium even on the hiked fare, will be grateful. The forgery of a government order shows how brazen the disregard for law is. The problem is far more widespread than Wednesday's raids suggest; thousands of fake tariff cards are in circulation, especially in the western suburbs. The permanent solution to this problem is the mandatory installation of electronic meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12978803", "title": "Aamir Khan says no to politics", "text": "With his upcoming issue based show Satyamev Jayate, the actor has been questioned about joining politics.Aamir has gone to every part of India for his issue based television show, Satyamev Jayate. He spent time with the people of India and got to know them better and more closely. One might feel that the actor has been doing what a politician should do. That brings us to the question: Will Aamir enter the political arena someday?Well the answer is no. Aamir is happy to be an actor and is content with his job - that of an entertainer. He informs that a writer once told him, \"An actor isn't just an entertainer. His job is to bring grace to the society through his work. And I totally believe in this. I am not only an entertainer but I believe an actor has the power to reach into his viewer's heart.\"In his appearance on a chat show he was asked about cricketer Sachin Tendulkar's nomination to the Rajya Sabha, Aamir's social move through his show Satyameva Jayate and his suitability to be a good politician. Aamir answered, \"Sachin is an intelligent person. I am happy with my work of an entertainer. I am anyways connected to people; I don't have to go into politics for that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12972955", "title": "Youth's throat slit in Vikhroli", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old was found with his throat slit in the mangroves near Tagore Nagar, Vikhroli (E) on Tuesday. Cops took the youth to hospital, where doctors said he is out of danger. Locals informed the police and the youth was rushed to the hospital, where he is out of danger.Police reached the spot after locals called the police control room and informed about an injured person lying in the mangroves. \"The youth have suffered four stitches on the neck after he was attacked with razor blade. Through hand gesture we came to know that he is from Uttar Pradesh and is 22 year old. However he was unable to tell his name neither was able to write,\" said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Zone VII) Sanjay Shintre. VVikhroli police senior inspector Ravindra Javkar said that the victim is out of danger and is kept under observation in the intensive care unit (ICU) at the Sion hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12976616", "title": "Vishnu is my favorite \u2013 Arya", "text": "In a recent interview Arya revealed that director Vishnuvardhan is his favourite director and is interested to do more movies with him.It may be recalled that Arya has earlier done movies such as Arinthum Ariyamalum, Pattiyal and Sarvam under Vishnuvardhan's direction. Also Arya will be seen as the antagonist in the Visnuvardan's untitled movie which will have Ajith in the lead.After Vettai and a cameo in OK OK, Arya will be next seen in Irandam Ullagam. The movie directed by Selvaragavan has Arya and Anushka in the lead, with Harris Jayaraj scoring the music. The movie is a bilingual and will be simultaneously released in Tamil and Telugu says sources.Arya will be then moving on to Delhi Belly remake by Kannan of Kanden Kadhalai fame. The movie will have Arya pairing with Hansika, Anjali and the supporting casts include Santhanam, Premgi Amaren. The comedy entertainer is titled as 'Varuthapadatha Vaalibar Sangam' and is produced by UTV Motion Pictures.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "gill road", "code": "12974170", "title": "Encroachments resurface at Gill Road", "text": "GILL ROAD: Despite encroachers cocking a snook at the municipal corporation, it is yet to get its act together. An important stretch of the city, Gill Road, is bugged by squatters, giving a rough ride to thousands of commuters who frequent it every day. The problem is more pronounced in front of the iron market, where encroachments have resurfaced.After the Punjab and Haryana high court had directed the civic body to rid the city of illegal structures, MC had started its drive from here in 2009. When the stretch was cleared, it was decided that the road would be broadened and a green belt maintained. Even as the HC had asked the MC to check their resurfacing, the latter soon forgot about it, clearing the way for their reappearance.At present, iron traders have put their material on a part of the road that was planned to be extended. And on a wide portion, vehicles are parked illegally.Sources said, \"Iron traders who have encroached upon a road portion for several years are not willing to vacate it. And political pressure is preventing MC from acting against them. In 2009, officials had prepared a proposal for extending the Gill Road, but only half of it could be widened.''The residents, however, want the authorities to get strict to ensure a smooth vehicular movement. \"There is enough space for extending the road as well as maintaining a green belt, but the authorities lack will. They are indifferent towards our woes,'' said Pawan Sood, a businessman and resident of Civil Lines.\"All encroachments should be removed from here as it is a very busy stretch. If the road is widened, jams will reduce,'' said Sunil Verma, a businessman and resident of Janta Nagar.MC superintending engineer of bridges and road department Dharam Singh said, \"We are ready to widen the road, but there are many temporary encroachments there. The tehbazari wing should first remove them.''On the other hand, officials in tehbazari wing said they were regularly keeping a check on temporary encroachments. \"But for some time we could not, as most of the employees were on election duty. We will soon take action against the defaulters.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12972796", "title": "Anthrax scare: Reports negative but zoo on guard", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Veterinary Research Institute, Izatnagar, has not found any trace of anthrax in the blood samples of the rhinoceros that died at the National Zoological Park in the Capital on Saturday. A scientist involved in the investigation at the animal research institute said on the condition of anonymity that both the blood smear examination and the tests conducted on a piece of the animal's ear have tested negative for the bacterial infection. The real cause of death, however, is yet to be ascertained, sources said.Junior Raja, the four-year-old male rhino, was reported to have bled from the ears and nostrils which led zoo officials to suspect that he might have contracted anthrax - a deadly bacterial disease which spreads through spores that can be inhaled, ingested or contracted through broken skin of a carrier.\"We have communicated the test results to the National Centre for Disease Control ( NCDC). They are also studying the blood samples of the dead rhino and any formal announcement on the presence of anthrax infection can be made only after that,\" said Dr Rishendra Verma, joint director, Centre for Animal Diseases Research and Diagnosis at IVRI where the tests were conducted. He did not confirm or deny the report that anthrax did not cause the death of the animal.When contacted, National Zoological Park director, Amitabh Agnihotri said he had not received official communication - the final report - from IVRI yet. \"I would like to keep up the precautions till tomorrow, till I'm one hundred percent sure that it's negative,\" he said.A team of experts from the National Centre for Disease Control had visited the zoo on Monday and advised its staff on precaution measures. A large area around the display enclosure and holding area of the dead rhino, have been - and will remain till all reports are in - cordoned off. Staff in protective gear has been spraying disinfectants and fly-traps have been set up to trap potential carriers. These measures will remain in place till the IVRI report is formally revealed to zoo authorities.Delhi zoo curator and spokesperson, Riaz Khan, said that some of the steps taken are part of routine procedure after any animal's death. This time, however, they had put all other animals on antibiotics as a \"prophylactic measure\" and sent 22 members of the cleaning staff to the hospital for screening. Zoo officials say they have not shown any symptoms of infection.\"There were two other rhinos, including Junior Raja's mother, in the enclosure. They had been kept separately in cages. Neither has shown any symptoms,\" said Khan. If all reports are negative, the rhinos - the zoo is now left with two, both female - will be released back into the display area. The IVRI's test-result of course raises the question of what killed the animal. Khan says it could've been brain haemorrhage. If it had been anthrax, Khan said that it could have been controlled. Zoos in other states have had cases of anthrax before - a male rhino had died of it at the Assam State Zoo at Guwahati in 2008 and it had claimeda hyena died due to the bacterial infection at Raipur in 2007. Cases of anthrax - in humans and livestock - have been reported from Orissa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-03"}
