{"city": "bangalore/delhi", "code": "15521373", "title": "Manmohan appeals for peace as northeasterners continue to flee Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE/DELHI: Southwestern railway has sold over 2020 tickets for passengers from northeast who had booked tickets to go to Assam by 2pm on Thursday. The authorities have announced another special train to Guwahati, departing from Bangalore City station at 8pm.The railways have already sent over 6900 natives of northeast home by two special trains and the regular Bangalore City-Guwahati express on Wednesday night. On Thursday, the situation at the city railway station was chaotic as thousands of northeast people and Nepal, Bhutan and Tibet nationals thronged to get tickets and leave the city, as early as possible. Many of them have not even got any tickets but are not ready to get back to their houses in Bangalore.While most of them said that they heard some news on word of mouth that there is a threat to their lives, many said that their parents called them back to their native and some others shared their experiences of being harassed by unknown people.\"We work in the TVS company and we heard it from others of our clan in the city that there is a threat to our lives. The company officials asked us to leave the city until safety is reassured. We came by a train from Hosur and now waiting here to get tickets to go to our village in Odalguri district in Assam,\" said Pabitro Borua.Even security guards and office helpers from Fortis Hospital and hotel workers of Bowring Institute have informed their offices and are fleeing from the city. \"We are afraid what is going to happen. We have only heard of instances in Neelansandra where some of the northeast natives have been killed. We do not know who are these people who are threatening us, whether they are Muslims or Hindus but we are just scared and we trust no one,\" said Akash Ali, native of Tripura and an office helper in Fortis Hospital on Bannerghatta road.\"We got calls from our families in Assam that there is violence against northeast residents in Bangalore and south India. Although we are afraid of going home because the situation over there is equally worse, but we would be rest assured if we are amidst our people. We definitely feel insecure in these states,\" said Nirol Nagajhari, native of Odalguri district in Assam.Nagajhari was working in a quarry in Kerala. He is now going back with many young boys, who had come to work with him from his village, in hope of earning money and helping their families.Most of these folks who are afraid and who have received such messages or heard from others are either security guards or hotel workers or service boys or salon employees. Students in colleges and people working in IT sector or companies in the city belonging from the northeastern states were not among the ones who are thronging the railway stations.Railway authorities and state police have deployed platoons of police force to monitor the chaos at the stations and also to ensure their safety here.Manmohan calls for peaceAgainst the backdrop of panic among the people from northeast in Karnataka created by rumours, a concerned Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday said all parties should work together to give confidence to affected people and peace must be maintained at any cost.Singh, who has spoken to Karnataka chief minister Jagdish Shettar, Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi, underlined the need for remaining vigilant and maintaining communal harmony.\"All political parties must work together to give a feeling of confidence to all affected people,\" he told reporters at an Iftaar party hosted by him at his residence.He was asked about the exodus of people hailing from Northeast from Karanataka after panic gripped them because of rumours that they could be targeted.Singh said he had spoken to the Karnataka chief minister and the state government was doing its best to quash those rumours.On his message to Shettar during the phone call yesterday, Singh said \"we must work together to ensure that people from other states do not feel threatened by rumour-mongering and SMSes. We have to maintain peace at any cost.\"Singh said the Karnataka chief minister was good enough to send his Home Minister to Bangalore railway station where people from northeast had gathered to board trains to Guwahati.\"They (Karnataka government) are taking all the steps to quash rumour-mongering,\" the Prime Minister.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15518011", "title": "Playing Test cricket again is a top priority: Irfan Pathan", "text": "NEW DELHI: After doing well in the recently concluded limited overs series in Sri Lanka, Irfan Pathan can't wait to get back into Test team which still remains his top priority.\"I have my own set of dreams and playing Test cricket is certainly on top of that list. I want to perform well in the limited overs version so that when Test cricket comes calling, I am up and ready for it,\" Pathan, who is a part of India's ODI and T20 sqauds said.The all-rounder, who was in wilderness for two years feels that he can now \"enjoy each and every small moment of success\" that comes his way.\"After being out for two years due to injury, this is one thing I have learnt. I need to enjoy each and every small bit of success that comes my way. I have to seize happiness from each and every moment on cricket field,\"\"I have realized that whatever has happened in the past is history and I can't afford to look too ahead towards future. But I can control my present and work hard to make things happen. That is exactly what I am trying to do. Grab each and every moment,\" the 27-year-old, who won two man-of-the-match awards said.\"A good delivery like the one that swung into Dilshan and I got him bowled in the T20 match is certainly satisfying but at the same time my innings of 34 not out is also equally significant as it was very important in the context of the match. These are little successes that I have started enjoying. It lifts your morale.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509417", "title": "Ramdev, supporters may be booked for flouting terms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police is still undecided on whether to press charges against organizers of Ramdev's protest for breaching the undertaking they had signed before being given permission. Top sources said that since it's a 'sensitive' issue, all decisions will be vetted by the Union home ministry. While a section of the police believes the yoga guru's supporters should be booked for violating terms laid down by cops, others think showing haste in lodging a case can backfire, specially after the Supreme Court pulled up Delhi Police for the midnight crackdown in June 2011.Police officials say they'll take a decision after analyzing the video footage of the agitation. \"This will take some time as we have to consult our legal advisors too. Based on their inputs, we will chart out the future course of action,\" said a top official. Police may also seek additional footage from television channels in case they decide to book the organizers.A senior Delhi Police official said that the permission was granted to Ramdev's trust on certain conditions, which were violated by him and his supporters on Monday. \"All demonstrators have to abide by certain conditions so that law and order can be maintained. Even Team Anna had agreed to the terms but we found that they were not fully adhered to. At least three parameters were violated. We will soon approach the public prosecutor of Delhi Police. We also plan to lodge a case against Ramdev and his followers under appropriate sections of IPC,\" said a source. Taj Hassan, joint CP (northern range) refused to comment, saying the decision will be taken \"in due time\".On Monday, Ramdev and his hundreds of supporters tried to march towards Parliament though no permission was granted. They were stopped at Ranjit Singh Marg and when the police were to take yoga guru to a makeshift jail, his supporters blocked their way. They did not allow Ramdev be taken to Bawana. Consequently, police had a tough time to convince Ramdev to enter the Ambedkar stadium that was just two kilometers from the Red Fort where PM Manmohan Singh unfurled the national flag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15509371", "title": "From today, pay toll to use Yamuna e-way", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Starting today, all commuters of the Yamuna Expressway will have to pay a toll. In the past one week, since the e-way opened on August 9, accidents have been reported due to overspeeding by motorists. But now commuters will not be able to get away with the offence as the management, in coordination with the Uttar Pradesh police, will be strict with errant drivers.The toll waiver was announced as a 'goodwill gesture' by the expressway operator for a week. \"The idea was to let people get firsthand experience of the e-way and also provide the toll operators an opportunity to get acquainted with the system,\" said an e-way official.\"We will not allow anybody to get away with breaking the law. There have been some accidents on the expressway and it has been observed that the main reason was overspeeding,\" said AK Zaidi, Jaypee Group.Besides necessary signboards, the developer has been informing people at zero points in Greater Noida and Agra and at toll plazas that they should drive at a reasonable speed, which should be less than 100 km/hr for cars and 60 km/hr for heavy vehicles.Police have also enhanced their presence on the expressway. Cops have also started booking drivers violating speed limits. The expressway is lined with security cameras and an automated number plate recognition system to identify speeding vehicles. \"When the offending vehicle approaches the toll plaza, a camera will identify it. The vehicle will then be impounded and the errant driver charged for speeding,\" said a company official.People driving on the wrong side as well as bikers without helmets will be stopped at the toll plaza and asked not to continue the ride. \"They will be handed over to the cops on non-compliance,\" said an e-way official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15509360", "title": "Road rage accused set free on bail", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Police on Tuesday night released the accused on bail who had allegedly thrashed a man in a road rage case. The victim has now alleged that police are favouring the accused. \"The accused has been identified as Kuber Bodh, a lawyer. We released him on bail on Tuesday night,\" said Kaushambi chowki in-charge, Krishan Baldev. \"Police have the right to give bail to an accused in cases where the sentence is below seven years,\" Baldev added.Rajiv Lochan Sharma, the marketing manager of a path lab in Delhi, was thrashed by the accused in Indirapuram on August 9. The victim got two fractured ribs in the incident. Sharma is the sole breadwinner in his family and doctors treating him have advised him at least one month bed rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15511657", "title": "Condition of lion cub improves", "text": "Mysore: Two weeks ago, when Asiatic lioness Gowri refused to feed her day-old cub, the Mysore zoo authorities panicked. They consulted experts, decided to hand rear it and managed to rescue it from the jaws of death. The cub, which is now 17 days old, has responded to the special treatment rising hopes of the authorities that they can pull it off. The zoo staff, who lost the three tiger cubs of Kaveri, are taking special care to save Gowri's cub. A vet has been assigned to monitor the cub, attend to its needs, moderate temperature at its holding room in the zoo hospital and the ward is sanitized. The zoo received two Asiatic lions Gowri and Shankara a year ago from the Sakkarbaug Zoo in Gujarat. Gowri gave birth to the cub in July end, but within a day, she refused to take care of her litter. After consulting with their counterparts at Sakkarbaug zoo, the zoo vets removed the cub from her mother and started hand rearing it. \"This is first time that an Asiatic lion has sired in the zoo and we were particular that we should save it,\" Zoo Authority of Karnataka chairperson M Nanjundaswamy told TOI. The cub is being fed with cow milk and its intake has increased. The cub will continue to be hand-reared for the next three months. Shankara is six years old, while Gowri is a year younger to him. The zoo staff banked on the expert advice from Gujarat zoo as they had similar challenge some years ago and also because the vets there have extensive knowledge after having worked in Gir national park, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516333", "title": "Randy J and H Sandhu coming back with Notorious Jatt 2", "text": "This will be the first official release from Randy J and H Sandhu. This team of singer and producer is one to look out for with H Sandhu featuring on two songs on the highly anticipated debut album from Randy J and H Sandhu's debut solo album. The future indeed looks bright for both these highly talented individuals.Randy J on working with H Sandhu and 'Notorious Jatt 2', \"It's been an absolute pleasure working with H Sandhu on this track and our various other projects. It is rare in this industry that you will find such a talented and honest person, and he is one singer to watch out for as we are going to make some serious noise! I hope that everyone will show as much love to 'Notorious Jatt 2' as you did to the original.\"'Notorious Jatt 2' will be the first single off the forthcoming compilation CD 'Folk Magic 2!'. 'Folk Magic 2' will a follow up to the incredibly successful first release which featured the vocal talents of Lehmber Hussainpuri, the Late Kaka Bhainawala, Ranjit Mani, Labh Janjua and many more.'Folk Magic 2' will surely live up the standards set by the original, offering a wide range of singers and producers from Canada and U.K and India. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "15518789", "title": "Undecided Pakistan's Hindu nationals arrive India", "text": "ATTARI: Pakistani Hindu national, Anil Kumar, who arrived India on board Samjhauta Express on Thursday along with his wife and three children and three trolley's full of luggage is yet to decide whether to return or stay back.Only 7 Hindu nationals arrived India from a total of 118 passengers of Samjhauta Express.According to sources, many Pakistani Hindus had returned to their native places from Wagah (Pakistan) railway station as they didn't want to give any written undertaking to Pakistan immigration officials assuring them of their return.Resident of Quetta, Anil Kumar, said he had come here to participate in a relatives marriage at Indore.When quizzed by media about his travel plans, he said, \"We have spent a long time in Pakistan and there is no reason that we should not return.\"However at the same breath, he said, \"We will learn to live in Indian style in a month's time and then If we like we might stay back.\"He, however, refrained from answering about atrocities committed on Hindus or the community being discriminated in Pakistan.Sources informed that the Hindus arriving from Pakistan bring in a large quantity of gold ornaments and luggage which indicate at their staying plans in India.Another Pakistani national from Chaman, Manohar Lal, said Pakistani Hindus enjoyed their religious freedom and he wondered as to why many of them were migrating to India. Manohar said he was in India for an eye operation and would return after medical treatment. His wife Kamlesh Rani said, \"Of course Pakistan is a Muslim majority country. Sometimes we do get scared, but we also celebrate our festivals like Holi, Diwali.\" She feigned ignorance about any incident of persecution of Hindus in hands of fundamentalists. \"Beta hamne wapis jana hai (Soon, we have to return)\", all she had to say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "15511441", "title": "Clanking of chains continues to haunt Erwadi", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Twenty-eight people were charred to death at a mental asylum in Erwadi on August 6, 2001, when a blaze spread rapidly to sheds where the inmates were housed, shackled as they were. More than a decade later, little has changed.At the famous Quthbus Sultan Syed Ibrahim Shaheed Valiyullah dargah in Erwadi, in Tamil Nadu's coastal Ramanathapuram district, which draws hundreds of devotees every day from across the country, patients continue to be bound in iron chains.The dargah claims to work magic with its healing rituals, but violates all rules. It is believed that for nearly two centuries the dargah has drawn devotees, who believe in its strong healing powers.At the entrance of the dargah, a middle-aged man is tied to a tree with chains around his ankles. And, among the hundreds of devotees milling around, there are several carrying chains attached to their legs.The tragic incident of 2001, which shook the nation, stirred up a debate about the inhuman conditions in which patients are housed here and at other asylums in the town.The Tamil Nadu government, under then chief minister J Jayalalithaa , came up with several stringent measures to regulate healing centres across the state.There were 17 private mental asylums in Erwadi when tragedy struck. Most of them were closed down and the inmates were released. Reports said that nearly 600 mentally-challenged patients , kept in chains, were sent home under the supervision of district revenue and health officials in Ramanathapuram district.District officials claim all the asylums remain closed but the situation has hardly changed today.Health authorities claim helplessness. \"Under the district mental health programme , we regularly conduct inspections at the dargah. Every time we find people in chains we release them and send them to the rehabilitation centre in Paramakudi in the district or the Institute of Mental Health in Chennai,\" Ramanathapuram district health services joint director Dr M Balachandran told TOI.Most often when officials visit the dargah, the chains of the inmates are removed. But when officials leave, the chains are back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15510048", "title": "Property fair in Coimbatore from August 17", "text": "COIMBATORE: Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Associations of India, Coimbatore will organise a three-day property fair at CODDISSIA Trade Fair Complex from August 17. This year's FAIRPRO -- the fourth edition of the event -- will feature properties of 30 member developers apart from housing finance companies that will provide home buyers with instant home loan processing options, said Madan Lund, chairman of the federation.Lund said the number of people visiting the event is increasing and the last edition saw property transactions worth more than 50 crore.This year they expect transactions to cross 75 crore.The event is likely to see homes ranging from Rs 2.5 crore to Rs 2.5 crore on offer. Lund claimed that investment in Coimbatore has increased by 23% and the demand is likely to go up in the coming months, he added.To educate potential customers, talks by industry experts on various topics including the changing real estate scenario and the introduction of new building material will be held. Lund said people in Coimbatore are conservative in the use of building materials and are yet to accept the use of fly ash bricks and manufactured sand, which is much stronger than the conventional building material and utilised in tier-1 cities. The awareness needs to be increased, which would be done during the fair, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15509637", "title": "'Tibetans not connected to Myanmar violence'", "text": "MYSORE: Tibetan leader in Karnataka Jampa Phuntsok on Wednesday condemned the stabbing of a Tibetan youth here and pointed out misconceptions among some Muslims in India that Buddhist monks, particularly Tibetan ones, are connected with reported incidents of attack on Muslims in Myanmar.He told it was a case of mistaken identity. The assailants appear to be carried away by pictures and false news on some social media websites. \"Some websites are spreading rumours about attacks on Muslims in Myanmar by posting pictures related to 2010 earthquake in Tibet where Buddhist monks are readying themselves for performing last rites of earthquake victims\" he said, adding that this may have provoked assailants to attack a Tibetan.They have appealed all Tibetans to maintain peace and calm, he added.Phuntsok said Tibetans in India are known for leading a harmonious life with the local population and they have never indulged in any violence. \"I've apprised the Tibetan government in exile at Dharamsala about the incident,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510192", "title": "School kids fail to catch PM\u2019s glimpse", "text": "NEW DELHI: As an overcast sky gave way to sunshine, hundreds of tricoloured balloons were released amid cheers. India had completed 66 years of its independence. Unlike last year when the Independence Day was marred by heavy downpour, this year saw cool breeze accompanied by an occasional drizzle.Red Fort seemed majestic with its walls decked out with flowers forming stripes of the Tricolour. The fort grounds accommodated around 3,500 students from 40 city schools. Suitably clad in the colours of the national flag, they waited intently for the Prime Minister.As soon as the PM's cavalcade pulled up in front of the Lahore Gate, the grounds reverberated with thunderous applause. Singh, donning a blue turban, was received by defence minister A K Antony , minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju, and defence secretary Shashikant Sharma.This year, however, the students' wait went in vain as the security team formed a tight group around the PM. Karan Tomar, a Class X student of Raj Kiya Sarvodaya Bal Vidyalaya, said, \"I have been up since 3.30am, and wanted to catch a glimpse of the PM, but the cars blocked the entire view,\" said Tomar.As Manmohan Singh unfurled the flag, he was showered with rose petals. This was followed by the national anthem and the 21-gun salute. Singh addressed the nation for the 9th time from an enclosure at the ramparts of the Red Fort.The downturn was one of the key issues that Singh touched upon in his speech. Talking about the global economic climate, Singh said little could be done about conditions prevailing outside the country.\"But we must make every effort to resolve the problems inside our country, so that our economic growth and the creation of employment opportunities in the country are again speeded up,\" said Singh. \"While doing this, we must also control inflation. This would pose some difficulty because of a bad monsoon this year. However, we have taken measures to deal with the situation,\" he said.He also expressed his sympathy for the families affected in the Assam violence. \"The recent incidents of violence in Assam are very unfortunate. I know that these incidents have resulted in the disruption of the lives of a large number of people. We fully sympathize with the families affected by the violence,\" said Singh.\"We are doing everything possible to provide relief to them. I promise you that our government will make every effort to understand the reasons behind the violence and work hard with the state governments to ensure such incidents are not repeated in any part of the country,\" added Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15520197", "title": "Debris dumping policy for Pune", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) will make provision for space for dumping of construction debris in the city's new Development Control (DC) rules.The new Development Plan (DP) for the city will have a comprehensive policy for debris dumping as per the union urban development department (UDD) norms. The norms say that there should be an institutional mechanism to take care of the collection, transportation, intermediate storage (if necessary), utilisation and disposal of construction and demolition waste. The UDD norms say that the civic authority should notify that no person should dispose of construction or demolition waste on the streets, pavements, storm water drains/open land owned by the municipality or the government.The environment status report of the PMC recently admitted that illegal dumping of construction rubble in the riverbeds and hills continued in the city. About 100 tonnes of debris, which includes concrete, bricks, cement plaster and iron, is generated in Pune everyday. Civic activists have time and again expressed concern about the rivers getting affected due to dumping of debris in riverbeds. In many instances debris is dumped in the green belt of the river, affecting its natural flow.Meanwhile deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar has asked the civic administration to stop the dumping of debris along the river near Mhatre bridge and act against encroachments in nullahs. Several marriage halls have encroached upon the river near Mhatre bridge. This could prove dangerous during the monsoon as dumping of debris has reduced the river's carrying capacity, Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15511008", "title": "Shackled by France treaty, govt unable to nail evaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the government is trying to disprove the allegation that it is not serious about prosecuting those holding black money in foreign bank accounts, a treaty with France is coming in the way of dragging offenders to court.Though assessment proceedings are almost complete against most of the Indians having accounts in HSBC Bank in Geneva , authorities said not a single case of prosecution was filed against them. At least Rs 600 crore of unaccounted income has been admitted by many of these accused and taxes of more than Rs 150 crore realized, but they have so far been only treated as tax evaders.Sources said the income tax department has been constrained by this treaty clause and has not passed on the information of tax evasion to any other agency, including the Enforcement Directorate which could have pursued the cases under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).While receiving information from France about Indians having deposits in the Swiss bank, India had agreed to a clause under the exchange of information agreement that this will not be used for any purpose other than taxation issues.However, in other cases in the last three years, the department had filed at least 1,500 prosecution cases of which in close to 100, it was successful in obtaining conviction and in another 770 cases, it had made attachment of assets where offenders admitted to tax evasion.Meanwhile, the flow of information continues with the government receiving banking data on Indians' transactions in banks in several countries including the US, Japan, South Korea, Denmark, Czech Republic and Finland . Though all the information from abroad may not be of illicit transactions as some may be the result of legitimate deals, the deluge of information has prevented many suspicious cases from be investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15509673", "title": "Tibetans in Hubli seek security after stabbing", "text": "HUBLI: Tibetans living in Mundgod and other parts of Hubli sought security following the stabbing of a Tibetan youth in Mysore.They've been worried about moving around even in the city. A few days ago, some miscreants targeted Tibetans in Hubli city but no police case was filed. Stones were thrown at a taxi owned by a Tibetan, which was ferrying Tibetans monks, two days back in Hubli while a Tibetan waiting in a queue for a ticket at Hubli railway station, was allegedly hit by some miscreants. Victims of these two incidents have not filed complaints.Sonam Tenzing, representative, Central Tibetan Administration, Tibetan settlement, Mundgod, told TOI: \"It's unfortunate that a Tibetan youth was stabbed. Some vested interests have spread a wrong message among the people through social media networks that Tibetan monks allegedly slaughtered some people belonging to a particular community\", he said.In fact, when an earthquake devastated a large part of Myanmar , some monks helped victims in retrieving bodies from the debris. The picture of monks involved in rescue work during earthquake was uploaded on websites. After a few days, the photos of monks in rescue work and the captions were altered by some vested interests.\"Some vested interests have portrayed Tibetan monks to be against a particular community. This has now become the main reason for miscreants to target Tibetans\", he said, adding, \"Tibetan monks are religious, peace-loving people and Buddhism doesn't allow killing anybody.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510167", "title": "Delhiites most obese: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites' predilection for fatty foods and sweets is no secret. Not surprisingly, they have beaten south Indians and those from the northeast in a study on obesity. The study focusing on three ethnic groups \u2014 Indo-Aryans (from Delhi), Mongoloids (from Manipur) and Dravidians (from Kerala) \u2014 found Delhiites to be the most obese.The research studied the relationship between ethnicity and obesity, regional distribution of fat and its effect on cardio-respiratory health among the ethnic groups.Obesity parameters of 300 respondents from three broad ethnic categories were collated. The respondents belonged to the Khatri caste in Delhi, the tribal population of Manipur, and the Ezhava community in Thiruvananthapuram district in Kerala. Most of the respondents were either employed or were students aged between 20 and 30 years.The study, published in the Journal of Natural Science, Biology and Medicine recently, was conducted by the anthropology department of Delhi University (DU), Sardar Patel Institute of Economic and Social Research in Ahmedabad, faculty of anthropology, School of Social Sciences at Indira Gandhi National Open University, and Manipur University.Those from Delhi had the highest general body fat \u2014 assessed by body mass index (BMI), grand mean thickness (GMT) \u2014 as well as fat percentage. But central adiposity (fat deposition), such as waist-hip ratio (WHR) and waist-height ratio (WHtR), was higher among the Manipuris.Delhi women were the tallest and heaviest, whereas those from Manipur were the shortest, and Keralites were the lightest of all. While Manipur women had the maximum waist circumference, Delhi women had the maximum hip circumference.Although differences in blood pressure (BP) were not significant, Kerala women had the highest systolic and diastolic BP followed by those from Manipur and Delhi. Cardio-respiratory health indicators, or lung function, were the best among Manipur women followed by those from Delhi and Kerala.Most respondents from Kerala were underweight, according to BMI categories. Manipur respondents had higher central adiposity despite low general obesity levels, and the best respiratory efficiency. But, the Manipuris were also predisposed to hypertension.\"Most medical institutions are conducting studies on obesity but they survey heterogeneous populations. We wanted to see how ethnicity affects health. For instance, the cultures of north Indian Khatris and northeastern tribal populations have little in common. Their eating habits and lifestyle are vastly different. That also determines body type,\" said professor Anup Kapoor, anthropology department, DU, and one of the authors of the study.\"Many tribal ethnic groups eat in large amounts but are leaner because of more physical activity. Look at the tribal populations of Haryana. Their consumption of milk and milk products is very high, but still they are lean,\" added Kapoor.The study attributes higher prevalence of obesity among Khatris to the habit of eating out and a fat-rich diet. Tribal populations of Manipur have rice as their staple and most of them are non-vegetarian. But they have less sweets, oily foods and milk products. Rice is also a staple for Keralites, and they eat fish regularly.However, physical activity varied among the three groups. Respondents from Kerala were physically more active while performing agricultural and household chores; Manipur subjects were also involved in strenuous household chores. However, physical activity of Delhi respondents was comparatively less.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15521061", "title": "Aggarwal Sabha celebrated Independence Day", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Aggarwal Sabha, Chandigarh, celebrated Independence Day with patriotic fervor at Aggarwal Bhawan located in Sec 30, Chandigarh.President of Aggarwal Sabha, Prem Chand Gupta unfurled the tricolor at a short and impressive ceremony.The event was attended by important office bearers of the Sabha. After the flag hoisting, a cultural programme was put up by students of Hazari Lal Sarvhitkari Vidya Mandir school.The president and other office bearers gave prizes to the participating students. Sunil Gupta, General Secretary, Aggarwal Sabha, said that the Sabha was regularly supporting needy people in the area of higher education and medical aid.He added that educational scholarships had been instituted and that the Sabha was also providing widow pension and that many other socially beneficial projects had been initiated by the Sabha. It was also announced that the Aggrasen Jayanti will be held on October 21, 2012.A 'bhandara' for as many as 1000 people was also organized during the celebrations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15514918", "title": "Bengal probables list kicks off controversy", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal's new domestic cricket season seems to be kicking off with a controversy. A 32-member Bengal probables list for the coming Ranji Trophy season has some prominent absentees which has raised quite a few eyebrows within the state cricket fraternity.Old warhorses like pacer Ranadeb Bose and off-spinner Sourashis Lahiri were ignored along with opener Arindam Das and all-rounder Sanjib Sanyal. While Bose and Lahiri might have been considered past their prime, Das was dropped mainly due to his poor form last season. Sanyal on the other hand was thought not good enough for the four-day version.However, none of those dropped accepted this sportingly. Sanyal, who had a good domestic season last year, felt those in power never watch local matches and hence he was ignored.Another veteran pacer Sib Shankar Paul, who missed last two season's for Bengal due to injury, also felt being unjustly ignored.\"I have picked up so many wickets last season in local matches and am feeling quite fit now. I was thinking of making a comeback, but this decision came to me as a bolt from the blue,\" he said.A number of experts too feel ignoring experienced players might prove counterproductive for Bengal in the coming season.\"Experience counts at the bigger stage. I only hope Bengal is not found wanting in that aspect this time,\" a former state cricketer said.It remains to be seen whether the selectors make some alterations to the list once the domestic season kicks off next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15509575", "title": "Hold first D/N Test in India, says MCC", "text": "LONDON: The world cricket committee of the Marylebone Cricket Club -- English cricket's original lawmakers -- has following its annual meeting recommended suggested that the inaugural day/night, floodlit Test should be held in the Indian subcontinent, if not in India.The MCC announced on Wednesday: \"The committee suggests that the first day/night Test Match should be played in a country where attendances are currently poor, at grounds and times when there is little dew, and at an accessible venue.\"India has been suffering from low turnouts at Tests because of the BCCI's aversion to the game's highest form, but there is no doubt that it remains the only format that truly examines a cricketer and determines supremacy in the eyes of the discerning follower.While such matches should be aggressively promoted and regularly hosted in cities with a likely appreciation for them -- such as arguably Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata and Bangalore -- they are usually rotated between countless centres, most of which have little interest in the five-day game and sometimes lack connectivity in terms of public transport. Also, clearly, a day/night Test has to take place in a drier and warmer part of the year.The MCC went on to say: \"The committee believes that, if white clothing is considered a necessity for Test Matches, the pink ball, now much improved.....is the best option.\"And it reiterated: \"The committee also believes that a Test Championship will provide a better context for interest in Test cricket.\"Regarding Twenty20, the committee concluded that \"the appeal of Test cricket will be lessened if the conflict with domestic T20 competitions (interpreted as events like the IPL) is too stark\". It added that Test cricket is also \"threatened by players who are relatively poorly-paid\".With regards to the Decision Review System ( DRS) and Hawk-Eye technology, the MCC said the committee \"hopes that the time will not be too far away when all countries will agree to its use\" -- meaning that the BCCI will stop dragging its feet!The committee was addressed by Paul Hawkins , founder of Hawk-Eye, during its two-day session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515911", "title": "Elvis Presley's bible to fetch \u00a320k", "text": "A bible belonging to Elvis Presley is expected to sell for 20,000 pounds when it goes under the hammer in Greater Manchester next month.The 1,600 page holy book was given to him by his Uncle Vester and Aunt Clettes, for his first Christmas at Graceland home in 1957 and contains annotations by \"the King\" himself.\"To judge a man by his weakest link or deed is like judging the power of the ocean by one wave,\" the BBC quoted one note written by him.The bible , embossed in gold on a leather cover, is among more than 100 lots of Elvis memorabilia, which will be going on sale at Omega Auctions in Stockport on September 8.The collection is being sold on behalf of a British Elvis collector and marks the 35th anniversary of Presley's death.\"With much of the memorabilia in the collection having never previously been seen in the market, we are expecting significant interest from Elvis fans and collectors worldwide,\" auctioneer Paul Fairweather said.Presley began his career in Memphis , Tennessee , in 1954 and died in 1977, aged 42.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15520400", "title": "No split in NDA over PM candidate for 2014 polls: Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP today claimed there was no divide in NDA on the issue of its Prime Ministerial candidate for 2014 parliamentary polls and said a decision will be taken only after consulting Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar who is reportedly opposed to Narendra Modi filling the slot.BJP President Nitin Gadkari dismissed reports of a growing split in NDA on Modi, Gujarat Chief Minister, being the PM candidate.\"I have promised Nitish Kumar that he will be consulted before a decision is taken. I have discussed at length the Modi issue with Nitish. At an appropriate time, we'll decide on the PM candidate and that will happen only after talks with Nitish Kumar,\" Gadkari said in an interview to Headlines Today.Gadkari broke his silence on the Nitish-Modi rift, L K Advani's controversial statements and his own handling of the party which has come under the scanner.He said that as far as he was concerned, there was no problem with Nitish Kumar on Narendra Modi being projected as the face of NDA in the 2014 elections.\"Modi is one of the six PM candidates of BJP along with Advani, Rajnath Singh, Sushma Swaraj, Arun Jaitley and M M Joshi. No decision has been taken yet,\" he said.He refuted reports that after Gujarat elections, Modi will be projected as Chairman, National Campaign Committee of NDA.Asked if Nitish's choice for PM is Advani, he said, \"I don't know what is on Nitish's mind regarding Advani. He has not mentioned any name to me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510227", "title": "7-year-old with heart defect undergoes rare surgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors at a private hospital here have successfully operated on a seven-year-old girl suffering from hole in the heart using a technique which involves a small opening in the right chest.Unlike conventional surgeries, which involve a large cut in the middle of the chest, the procedure leaves behind fewer scars and recovery is faster, claimed Dr Y K Misra, director, Dept. Cardiovascular Surgery, Fortis Escorts Heart Institute who conducted the procedure. According to Misra, the key-hole surgery - as the procedure is known - is commonly performed on adults but rarely used to treat heart defects in children because their peripheral arteries are weaker.\"It requires high-precision to conduct key-hole surgery in children suffering from Atrial Septic Defect (ASD), which is a hole in the heart.We used especially designed instruments,\" said Misra. He said the procedure involved creating small opening in the right chest while access to heart lung machine is provided through tube inserted in the vessels of groin. It was conducted in two and a half hours,\" he added.Another senior doctor said the minimally invasive technique reduces the trauma of conventional surgery and hastens post-operative recovery. \"The hospital stay is reduced. Because of less 'invasiveness', the post-operative morbidity is reduced,\" he saidSusila, the patient from Nagaland, is doing fine post surgery, said doctors. She is likely to be discharged on Thursday, four days after she was admitted to the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515802", "title": "Gautham Menon teams up with Asin", "text": "A few years ago, Kollywood was abuzz with the news that the ace director was all set to work with Asin, who was one of the most happening actors in the Kollywood circuit at that point of time. But the film Chennaiyil Oru Mazhaikalam, which never saw the light of the day, in fact, didn't even take off in the first place. Now we hear that the Vaaranam Aayiram director and the Godfather actor are going to team up, not for a film, but for a television commercial. The shoot for the commercial is said to take place in the backwaters of Kerala. Gautham has shot many films in the backwaters including the Simbu-Trisha starrer Vinnaithandi Varuvaya. The Kerala backwaters is said to be one of Gautham's favourite locations. Gautham is currently busy working on the bilingual, Neethanae En Ponvasantham, with Jiiva and Samantha. In the meantime, he also has Yohan Adhyayam Ondru with Vijay and Thupariyum Anand with Suriya. Not very long ago, it was rumoured that Yohan was shelved but the shoot for the film is expected to start soon. The director is also filming the the Telugu film Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu and the Hindi flick Assi Nabbe Poorey Sau.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510273", "title": "Eyeing closer ties, Rice to visit India", "text": "NEW DELHI: US President Barack Obama's UN ambassador and possibly his closest confidante, Susan Rice, will make her first trip to India next week. The feisty diplomat, who has often been scathing about India's voting record in the UN will meet foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai and call on foreign minister S M Krishna and national security adviser (NSA) Shivshankar Menon.Rice, who became an assistant secretary at 32 in Bill Clinton's cabinet, supported Obama when he decided to run for president. Rice, one of Washington's smartest political minds with formidable academic credentials, is also reputed to be the voice Obama listens to most on foreign policy.Washington insiders, speculating on who might replace Hillary Clinton as secretary of state if Obama returns for four more years, often have Rice's name on top of the list. Others speculate on whether she could be the next NSA .Analysts credit Rice with returning the US to the UN. Under her watch, Obama has chaired a UNSC session, and Washington has used the UN to channel American activity on important areas like Libya, Iran and Syria.India plays an interesting role in this: Washington and New Delhi have an ever closer bilateral strategic relationship, India is spreading influence and footprint in Africa, which was Rice's first charge, but at the UN, both nations barely see eye-to eye. On virtually every issue the two countries take opposing views and sources say there have been times when Rice has wondered at the relationship.Rice will also doing something Obama said he wanted to do in India \u2014 vacationing with her family in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "manglore", "code": "15511625", "title": "Newspaper archive at Alva's Degree College makes history come alive", "text": "MANGLORE: The department of mass communication and journalism in Alva's Degree College, Moodabidri, has a collection of around 4,500 old newspapers and magazines of various Indian languages, and also foreign newspapers.The collection is a matter of pride for a region that saw Herman Mogling start the first Kannada newspaper 'Mangalooru Samachara' in 1843. Of the 4,500 journals, most are Kannada newspapers. There are some rare copies of Kannada newspapers on display like Nava Chethana, Kranthi Deepa, Mungaru and others published in 1970s.For the past two years, this enormous and diverse collection of newspapers and magazines has been on display at the college. The old journals are preserved in special covers and exhibited in huge showcases to help students learn the history of journalism. This has been possible due to the efforts of Hareesh K Adhur, a lecturer of the department of mass communication and journalism, who has collected these newspapers by travelling to different places across the country.\"I have been collecting old newspapers since I was a student. I collected around 3,000 newspapers and a few years ago, a friend of mine gave me nearly 1,500 different newspapers. This collection of newspapers has been exhibited for students mainly because journalism is not a theoretical subject.\"Hareesh hopes the collection will help students understand how news was reported and presented in the earlier years, and compare it with the present day. The exhibition is open to all and entry is free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15510216", "title": "1 killed in celebratory firing in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Celebratory firing during flag hoisting to mark the Independence Day resulted in the death of a guard and injury to another person at a rubber factory in Nauchandi police station area here on Wednesday. The guard was identified as Vishal while the injured as Sanjeev.The firing was caught on CCTV installed on the factory premises. The footage shows at least two persons carrying arms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15510386", "title": "Corporation's Independence Day bonanza for Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Corporation Mayor, V V Rajan Chellappa has announced that 4,000 new streets lights will be installed in the annexed areas of Madurai Corporation. Speaking after hoisting the tricolour in the corporation premises on Wednesday, Chellappa said the 4,000 street lights will be installed at a cost of Rs 19 crore and the proposal for the same has been sent for the government's approval.\"Works are underway to automate street lights in corporation zone one for the cost of Rs 75 lakh and high-mast lights will be established in the important junctions like Koodalagar Temple, St Joseph's, Simmakkal, Tamilsangam Raod and Mahatma Gandhi Nagar bus stand at a cost of Rs 16 lakh,\" mayor said.Touching upon the drinking water needs of the city, the mayor said that plastic water tanks have been established in 177 places and drinking water is supplied to these tanks through 13 tanker trucks. Another 12 trucks will be pressed into the service and further works to address water problems will be undertaken at a cost of Rs 85 lakh, Chellappa added.Under the Urban Infrastructure Development scheme, the corporation has completed 33 road works for a distance of 22.13 km in the city limits. A detailed project report (DPR) for Rs 14.55 crore has been submitted to the state government for the road works in the city limits, he stated.\"Two corporation zonal offices at a cost of Rs 3.25 crore will be completed in 2012 - 13 and fluorescent roads signs will be erected in all the four zones of the corporation for Rs 3.79 crore,\" the mayor announced. The remaining work in underground and rain water drainages under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JnNURM) will be completed as the state government has set aside Rs 250 crore funds, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15518772", "title": "Team is mentally and physically fit for long season: MS Dhoni", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian cricketers are geared up for the long season ahead and are both physically and mentally ready for the packed calendar, captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni said.\"The team is all fit from the physical and mental aspects. The one and a half months break (after last IPL) was very good from the physical and mental aspect.\"Even on the tour of Sri Lanka (where the team played five ODIs and a lone T20 game against the hosts) we had breaks between each game. We are quite ready for the packed season ahead,\" said Dhoni at the launch of a new national T20 jersey by the Indian Cricket Board's apparel sponsors Nike.\"Slowly we will get into the Test format now and then the T20s. There is lot of cricket ahead ending with the IPL. We have to look ahead every 15 days,\" he said.Dhoni was referring to the start of the first home series of the season - against New Zealand - beginning with the Test match at Hyderabad on August 23. The visitors will play one more Test at Bangalore before ending their tour with two T20 Internationals at Vizag and Chennai.This will be followed by the ICC World T20 Championship in Sri Lanka from September 18 to October 7. The season will continue with the visit by England and Australia before the IPL.Virender Sehwag , Yuvraj Singh , Virat Kohli , Irfan Pathan , Ajinkya Rahane and Rohit Sharma were the other Indian cricketers present at the launch of the new T20 jersey for Team India.Dhoni also said that with the return of Yuvraj in the team, the dressing room atmosphere will become very lively once again.\"When Yuvraj was not there Virat had taken upon that job. We missed Yuvraj as a character in the dressing room apart from his batting skills. With him being back the atmosphere in the dressing room will become livelier again,\" he remarked.Yuvraj, who has recovered from a rare germ cell cancer, said he had trained hard at the NCA in Bangalore for the last two months and was feeling good but a bit nervous too after the long break from cricket.\"I am feeling good. I have worked hard for the last two months. I am nervous. I never thought I will get another chance (to play for India). I feel as if it is the first game for me,\" said Yuvraj who has been chosen in the Indian team for the series against New Zealand and the World T20.Talking about the new T20 jersey, Dhoni remarked in a lighter vein that he did not know whether the research that has gone into it would translate into extra runs for the team.\"Lots of research has gone into it. I don't know whether the research will result in extra runs but we will definitely feel more comfortable.\"This is a very good start. When people are swapping channels they see white and immediately know it is Test cricket and blue with One Day cricket. Now that we have a T20 shirt there will be a strong association between the format and the T-shirt,\" said the captain.Key features of the uniform include the new collar, a dash of tricolour near the left shoulder and three stars above the BCCI's logo signifying the three World Cup victories.Sehwag said that the non-sweaty nature of the jersey would help the cricketers in the hot and humid conditions in South India and Sri Lanka.\"When I wear the india colours I have to give my best. That's what I always focus on. The jersey also has the colour of the national flag on it (along with blue) which is close to my heart. Makes it very special,\" Sehwag said.Pathan said the new jersey felt lighter than the ones he had worn earlier.\"Pretty stylish. Colour and design are eye-catching,\" said Kohli about the jersey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15510284", "title": "Two held for stealing chains in trains", "text": "TRICHY: Two people, who used to travel by trains with the aim of looting the passengers, particularly women, were taken into custody by the Trichy railway police on Wednesday. The railway police also recovered 12 sovereigns of gold from them.The railway police had intensified surveillance on passenger trains after several complaints of chain-snatching inside the coaches were reported in the Trichy region. Recently, Padmavathy, 55, from Trichy's Cantonment area had lost her five sovereign gold chain when she was travelling by the Pallavan Express from Chennai to Trichy on June 29. Similarly, an eight gram gold chain was snatched away from Santhi, 48, from Salem when she was travelling in the Mysore-Mayiladuthurai Express on May 22. On July 12, Saraswathy, 70, had complained to the police that she had lost her six-sovereign gold chain when she was travelling by the Pallavan Express from Chennai to Trichy.On Tuesday, the railway police noticed that two people were going around in a suspicious manner without any baggage after Guruvayur Express had arrived on platform number two. A special team of the railway police nabbed them and interrogated. The duo - Sakthivel, 25 from Ariyalur district and Ganeshan, 35, from Jayamkondam - later admitted to the police that they had snatched the chains in the three recent cases registered with the police. They were later lodged in the Trichy prison on the orders of the magistrate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509435", "title": "2 Nigerians held for drug possession in Calangute", "text": "PANAJI: The Calangute police arrested two Nigerians for possession of drugs in Calangute Tuesday night.Based on specific information, a raid was conducted by the officers and staff of the Calangute police station headed by the police inspector.The police said that during the raid, Nigerian national Ifeanvi Pascoal Obi, 26, a resident of Candolim, was found in possession of cocaine weighing 3gm worth around 21,000, besides cash of 2,000 and one cellphone.Emmanual Joshua, 30, was found in possession of 30gm of charas worth around 3,000, besides cash of 240 and two cellphones which were also attached.The two have been booked under various sections of the Narcotics, Drugs and Psychotrophic Substances Act, 1985.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511014", "title": "Police say IIT staffer not cooperating, revisit home", "text": "MUMBAI: The Powai police on Wednesday revisited the quarters of the IIT-Powai staffer who is accused of taking a 28-year-old PhD researcher there on August 11 and misbehaving with her after offering her sedated coffee. The team searched the house of the accused, 57-year-old S V Rajan, for the second time as he is reportedy not cooperating with the investigators.Senior inspector (Powai) Bhajirao Bhosale said the investigation team revisited Rajan's quarters in IIT Powai for the second time to search for evidence. \"The decision was taken as Rajan hasn't been cooperating with us. He has denied all the charges we have booked him under,\" said Bhosale. The accused claims the woman had come to his place for coffee voluntarily.\"Rajan claims the victim told him she would rest at his place for a while and leave. He says he left his house for work around 11.15am while the woman stayed back to rest,\" said Bhonsale.The police, however, have found discrepancies in Rajan's statement vis-a-vis information given by the victim's colleagues. \"The victim's friends and security guards had forced Rajan to open the door and had found the woman lying on the bed,\" said Bhosale.Investigators said Rajan has neither completely denied his role in the case nor answered their questions. \"We are reconstructing the sequence of events on the basis of the statements of the victim, her colleagues and Rajan. Something is certainly amiss,\" said an officer.The police learnt about the case only when Rajawadi Hospital authorities informed them on August 11. \"We lost important time as the victim had not lodged a complaint for almost 48 hours. This gave the accused the upper hand. We are also looking into why the IIT officials took the matter lightly,\" said the investigator.The police said IIT-B authorities have promised to ensure the victim is counselled. so that she can deal with the trauma.Rajan will be produced before the court on August 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15521693", "title": "Internet protocol address not of Pakistan, says Himanshu Roy", "text": "MUMBAI: The Cyber Crime Investigating Cell (CCCI) probe into the SMSs and the uploaded morphed pictures circulated among the minority community which led to provocation, has so far not found any internet protocol (IP) to suggest that it had originated from Pakistan .\"Most of the clippings are morphed and so far investigations we have found that it has been generated from within India itself. We have not come to conclusion to pinpoint any links with any foreign country though our investigations are still going on,'' said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).The police were probing how these morphed pictures showing atrocities on minorities were uploaded on the facebook and youtube which police believes instigated the mobs to protest at Azad Maidan on Saturday.Most of these pictures have been morphed to instigate the members of minorities. The recent case where a Tibetan youth burnt himself in Delhi while the China prime Minister came, was projected as muslim youth is burnt. In another picture few bodies are seen lying down and monk are shown next to them as if they killed them. The picture is of some other incident but the title has been given that Muslims burnt alive in Burma'' said a senior police officer.Meanwhile the Mumbai police on Monday with the help of the technical experts blocked few pages of some social networking and web pages which were showing the morphed pictures of atrocities on minorities. Police said that in one of the sites there around 1.20 hints and there was almost exchange of abuses from members of one community to another. Indianarmyfans.com were one among few sites which were blocked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15511163", "title": "Shivpal threatens to put journalists behind bars", "text": "LUCKNOW: Facing flak for his \"steal a little\" remark, senior Samajwadi Party minister Shivpal Yadav on Tuesday threatened to get arrested journalists who were blowing his statements out of proportion. The minister's threat has left the mediapersons angry who termed it as a direct attack on the freedom of press.However those defending the minister said the media was quoting Shivpal's reactions out of context.The incident occurred in Etah on Tuesday when Shivpal Yadav came out from a meeting on the development schemes being carried out in the district. As the minister stepped out of the meeting hall, some reporters sought his comments on the meeting.An uncomfortable Shivpal then told officials accompanying him to confirm from the information officer if the media had been invited for the briefing.When the reporters told him there was no such invitation, the said, \"Pehle to tum log bina bulaye aa jaate ho aur phir baat ka batangar bana dete ho (First you come uninvited and then make a mountain of a mole hill).\" Responding to it, a TV journalist quipped: \"Kuch to bol dijiye, us batangar ke bare mein hi sahi humko kuch to dikhana hai\" (Say something at least, we have to show something).Pointing towards the microphones, Shivpal said: \"Yeh mat lagaya karo, Jab bulaya Karen tab aaya karo ... yeh mat lagao karo warna band kara doonga\". (Don't shove this ... come only when you are invited ... don't shove this otherwise I'll get you arrested).Shivpal's open threat to the media can invite action under Section 506 of the Indian Penal Code which deals with threat and the fundamental right of speech and expression which provides space to the media as well.The minister came under severe criticism recently when he told officials that they could steal a little if they performed their duties well.The statement had left the Samajwadi Party embarrassed and a fluttered Shivpal had blamed the media for quoting him out of context.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515181", "title": "Dhoom 3: Aamir Khan rents a home in Chicago", "text": "Fatherhood for the third time has turned Aamir Khan into quite a home-bird. He wants to stay as close to wife Kiran and newly-born son Azaad as possible. Opting for a departure from his habitual way of working, Aamir has taken wife and son to Chicago to be with him for the 3-month schedule. And now we hear from a friend of Aamir that the star while shooting for Dhoom 3 has opted to stay in a rented apartment in Chicago with his family rather than a hotel.Says the close friend of Kiran and Aamir, \"Though Yashraj wanted to hire a suite in one of the best hotels in Chicago for Aamir, Kiran and Azaad but Aamir declined the offer. He preferred a rented apartment. In this way he cut down Yashraj's accommodation budget in Chicago for Aamir by nearly 60 percent. But the main reason why Aamir opted to stay in a rented place is the ghar ka mahaul. The homely environment is what turns Aamir on these days.\"Aamir apparently told his friends that nothing gives him greater joy nowadays than to return home to see Kiran and Azaad waiting for him. Says the friend, \"The thought of staying in a posh intimidating hotel for three months upset Aamir. He loves ghar ka khana. In the apartment, where they're staying, Kiran is constantly cooking up interesting dishes.\"In fact so inspiring is Aamir's home-away-from-home system of working in Chicago that we now hear that the film's other leading man Abhishek Bachchan has invited his entire family to join him in Chicago and stay together in a rented apartment.Says a source, \"Abhishek's wife Aishwarya and daughter Aaradhya are joining him soon in Chicago. Big B and Jayaji will follow soon after. They want to get some time together away from home and prying eyes.\"With two of the principal actors of Dhoom 3 blissfully bonding with their respective families in America, it looks like Dhoom 3 will turn out to be one happy affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15514741", "title": "BJP asks Centre to ensure security of people from northeast", "text": "NEW DELHI: Noting that fear is prevailing in the minds of people belonging to the northeast, BJP on Thursday demanded that the Centre guarantee the safety and security of the people who have become target of attacks in many states.\"We will give total moral support but state governments and the Centre should guarantee safety and security of northeast people and ensure that not a single person leaves the state,\" opposition leader Sushma Swaraj told reporters outside Parliament.The BJP leader said, \"Because of the sad demise of Vilasrao Deshmukh both Houses were adjourned today otherwise we would have raised the issue of the plight of northeast people and students. There is a fear atmosphere prevailing in the minds of northeast people.\"She noted that she had given notice for postponement of the question hour to raise the issue in the Lok Sabha.Voicing concern over repeated violence involving northeast people, she said, \"After the Kokrajhar violence, northeast people are becoming target of violence in many areas in the country. Rumours are being spread to create fear in the minds of northeast people.\"Referring to the Bangalore episode where about 5000 people have left the city by train to Guwahati, she said, \"The Prime Minister has spoken to Karnataka home minister. Violent incidents took place also in Maharashtra and Andhra but he did not speak to home ministers of these states.\"As far as Karnataka is concerned, she said the chief minister has convened a meeting of Muslim representatives as well as northeast representatives also.\"The chief minister has assured northeast people that they will be not be subjected to any kind of violence in the state and would be given full protection.\"\"The Karnataka home minister was present at the Bangalore station and appealed to the northeast people over the public address system not to leave Karanataka and also assured that the state will give full protection to them.\"She suggested that the Maharashtra and Andhra home ministers should also convene such meetings and give assurances to people from the northeast that they will be protected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15519241", "title": "Sharmila recovers on back nine, shoots 74 in British Masters", "text": "LONDON: Sharmila Nicollet made an excellent recovery on the back nine to bring home a modest two-over 74 on the opening day of the ISPS Handa British Masters on Thursday.The Indian star, playing in her maiden season on the Ladies European Tour , had four birdies against two bogeys but was undone by two double bogeys on the 13th and 18th holes at the Buckinghamshire Golf Club, home to the Ladies European Tour's headquarters.Sharmila teeing off from the tenth, bogeyed the 11th and double bogeyed the 13th to go three-over after just four holes. She got back a birdie on 15th but the double bogey on par-3 18th, which was her ninth hole, saw her end the first nine in four-over 40.But she charged well in the second nine, the front half of the course, with birdies on first, sixth and seventh. Her lone bogey over the stretch came on third.Sweden's Carin Koch and South African Lee-Anne Pace set the target at four under par 68 after the opening morning, in a tricky breeze but under sunny skies.English-born Kiran Matharu, who is of the Indian origin, had a great start with a round of three-under 69, which put her in tied third position in the first half of the day.Matharu had six birdies, five of them on the back nine of the course, and three bogeys in her 69.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514005", "title": "A tube tribute to New York", "text": "Artist Nina Boesch churns out hundreds of these works using discarded plastic fares for New York's underground system.These are mosaic artworks crafted out of nothing but underground tickets. Artist Nina Boesch, 33, churns out hundreds of the works using discarded plastic fares for New York's underground system. The expired cards are transformed into familiar NYC scenes - yellow taxis, skylines, subways and even portraits of personalities such as James Dean , John Lennon , Woody Allen and Audrey Hepburn from Breakfast at Tiffany's.Boesch impressively brings these vignettes to life using only the colors and patterns found on the iconic yellow cards. In total, the German artist has sliced up more than 30,000 of the cards - known as MetroCards in New York - while creating the artworks. Her collages are currently on display at The Bean coffee shop in the East Village, and at the House of Art gallery in Brooklyn.Discarded MetroCards can be found strewn around any subway station, carelessly thrown aside by subway riders when they expire or funds are used up. Seeing this litter as the perfect medium, Boesch collects them, and gives them new life. Many of the artist's collages are inspired by the MTA and subway transit system itself, using the limited colors of the cards - blue, orange, yellow, black and white. Using the black and white side of the card, she assembles subway stop signs, subway maps, and vintage New York backdrops.The blues of the front of the cards become water, skies, and part of the American flag. Oranges and yellows translate to taxicabs and train cars.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513912", "title": "Aniston left teary-eyed after Theroux's proposal", "text": "Justin Theroux , who proposed Jennifer Aniston for marriage with an exquisite ring on Friday, is said to have moved her to tears with his extremely romantic gesture.According to the reports, the 41-year-old star popped the question as the duo celebrated his birthday.The actor, who wanted to make the occasion perfect, chose Aniston's beloved city New York and whipped out an eight-carat, emerald-cut diamond ring while they dined at Blue Hill restaurant in Greenwich Village.The simple yet romantic proposal is said to have moved the 'Friends' star to tears.\"We are thrilled about the news of their engagement, but we cannot comment on any guests,\" the Daily Mail quoted a representative for the Blue Hill restaurant as telling Page six.Talking of the exquisite ring, which sealed the couple's relationship, a source claimed that the piece was absolutely beautiful.\"It's a huge emerald-cut diamond. It's a rectangle with tapered diamond baguettes on the sides. It's beautiful,\" the source was quoted as telling Life 'n' Style magazine.\"Just after Jen got engaged, she called all her friends and told them about it. She was so happy and said she loves the ring. I think she was overwhelmed and overjoyed by the size and beauty of it,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "15521987", "title": "Nishkalank Mahadev fair begins", "text": "BHAVNAGAR: Large number of devotees from various parts of Saurashtra are thronging Koliyak, 38km from here, to take a holy dip in sea in this coastal village. The two-day fair is being organized on the eve of Bhadarva Amas, the last day of Shravan month of Hindu calendar.According to sources, members of erstwhile princely state of Bhavnagar will offer a puja at Nishkalank Mahadev (Shiv Mandir) in the middle of the sea.It is said that Pandavas established Nishkalank or Nakalank Mahadev on a new moon night of the Indian calendar month of Bhadarva.According to an estimate, more than 2 lakh people visit the religious site and the fair on sea coast. In order to avoid stampede-like situation, the district administration has made necessary arrangement to manage the crowd.Vehicles will not be allowed from Hoidad village from where the people reach Koliyak. The temple is under water during high tides in the sea and emerges during low tides and belief is that it washes away devotees' sins. It is said that Pandavas worshipped the Shivalinga after fierce battle in which they killed their cousins as narrated in the epic Mahabharata.However, after the fair, the beautiful sea coast turns into garbage. In order to create awareness, students of marine science department of Bhavnagar University will organize coastal cleanup drive after the fair.\"Our students are exhorting people to keep the coast litter-free. They are using banners to convince people,'' head of marine sciences department I R Gadhvi said.\"The waste mainly consists of plastic packets of food material, pouches of drinking water, pouches of gutka, footwear among others,'' Gadhvi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15518835", "title": "AFI satisfied with performance of track and field athletes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian track and field athletes failed to make a mark in the just-concluded London Olympics but the Athletics Federation of India on Thursday said it was satisfied with their performances.Fourteen Indian athletes took part in the blue-riband event of the Olympics and the best performance recorded was the seventh-place finish by discus thrower Krishna Poonia , but AFI chief Adille Sumariwala was a satisfied man.\"Overall it was a satisfactory performance by our athletes. There were two national records by walkers, Poonia and Vikas Gowda finished seventh and eighth while Tintu Luka did her season's best,\" said.He, however, expressed disappointment at the performance of triple jumpers Renjith Maheshwary and Mayookha Johny and marathoner Ram Singh Yadav , who were asked to prove their fitness before the London Games.\"The three were asked to prove fitness and it was not surprising that they did not do well. They had not taken part in competitions for long and the selection committee wanted to check their fitness,\" he said.Renjith and Mayookha failed to qualify for the final round with the former fouled all his three attempts while Yadav finished 78th in the marathon.Asked why the trio were selected if the AFI was not happy with their fitness, Sumariwala said, \"The selection committee wanted to know their status. We asked them to prove their fitness and their coaches sent reports of their performance in competitions in Europe. We have to go by the reports of the coaches.\"Sumariwala, however, denied that there was objection from the selection committee members on the selection of the trio for the Olympics.\"Let me make it clear there was no objection from any selection committee member. There was only concern about their fitness and so we asked them to prove their fitness,\" he said.The AFI president said that chief coach Bahadur Singh would submit a report about the performances after taking inputs from all of the athletes and coaches.\"The chief coach will submit a report soon and we will analyse the performance of each athlete and see what corrective steps need to be taken. It will be a review of the performance and not a post-mortem,\" he said.Asked if Poonia and Gowda would have come up with a better performance by doing better than their personal best, Sumariwala said, \"We would have wanted them to better their personal best. But it all depends on the particular day and on the conditions.\"It's not everyday that you can do your personal best. Seventh and eighth place finishes are not bad,\" he said.Poonia and Gowda became the sixth and seventh Indian track and field athletes to reach the final round in Olympic Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509159", "title": "Golden jubilee of Artillery Centre celebrated", "text": "HYDERABAD: The golden jubilee celebrations of Artillery Centre, Hyderabad began on Wednesday with a special 'Sainik Sammelan' started by Brigadier Prakash S Nair, Commandant Artillery Centre, Hyderabad. Several serving and retired senior Artillery officers, junior commissioned officers, jawans and civilian staff attended the celebrations.During the special Sainik Sammelan, a 'First Day Cover' was released by Lt Gen (Retd) B S Pawar, ex-commandant, Artillery Centre, Hyderabad in respect of the Artillery Centre, Hyderabad, to commemorate the occasion.A Hyderabad Bazar was also opened on this day for all ranks at the Sarvatra shopping complex. The festivities will culminate tomorrow with tree plantation and other cultural events.The Artillery Centre, Hyderabad offers state-of-art training facilities to produce and nurture physically tough, technically proficient and motivated young gunners for the Indian Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514146", "title": "Amy calls Vikram \u2018a sweetheart\u2019", "text": "The Thaandavam audio launch was a much-anticpated one and the who's who of the film industry made sure they attended it. The two heroines of the flick, Amy Jackson and Anushka Shetty, were expected to grace the occasion but only Amy did. Anushka is busy shooting for Selva's film in Georgia. The actress was invited on stage and when spoke to the audience, she said, \"It was great working with the team, having done Madraspattinam previously with director Vijay. Vikram was such a sweetheart and it's exciting working with him on two projects currently.\" The actress is working with him in Thaandavam and Shankar's I . Amy Jackson dazzled in a sexy peach designer saree with a silver bikini top. She was recently in the news for having broken up with her boyfriend Prateik Babbar. According to rumours, he was over-possessive and she found the relationship stifling. Well, here's hoping her better luck in her relationships and films too!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511052", "title": "Versova siblings' parents anxious to go abroad", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of Versova siblings Rameez and Rehab Chougle, who died by alleged pesticide poisoning in July, have sought police permission to fly to Muscat in Oman . Their father, Gayasuddin Chougle, is anxious to resume his job as a marketing manager with Capital Insurance in Muscat.An officer said the Chougles had approached them three times in the last couple of weeks seeking permission to fly abroad.The police have requested the parents to stay in the city for a few more days till they decide whether or not to exhume Rameez's body. Investigators confirmed they have not approached the court for permission to exhume the body. They will first approach the suburban collector if they feel the exhumation is necessary. An officer said district magistrates have the power to grant such a sanction in districts, while the power is vested with the district collector in cities.Additional commissioner of police Vishwas Nangre-Patil said, \"We are yet to take a decision on the issue. The collector has special magistrate's powers and can grant permission to exhume a body.\"Rehab and Rameez's mother Farzana declined to comment on Wednesday. Gayasuddin had earlier told TOI that he was vehemently opposed to the exhumation and wanted to return to Muscat with his wife. The family does not want an investigation into the deaths.It is likely that they will not be thwarted from leaving the country after all.The police said they have almost concluded their investigation and found nothing to indicate foul play. The investigating officer has submitted his report to a senior officer who will take the final decision on the need to exhume Rameez's body. It is believed that the police will take a call on the issue by next week.It may be recalled that Rameez (26) was buried without a post-mortem after a local doctor certified his death as natural due to \"gastroenteritis and severe dehydration\". Rameez and Rehab (27) died in mysterious circumstances last month after their bedroom was fumigated for bedbugs. Rameez died at home on July 4, while Rehab was under treatment at Criticare and Kokilaben Ambani hospitals. She succumbed on July 5.The police had registered a culpable homicide not amounting to murder case against the pest control contractor and suppliers. and are investigating further.An employee, who fumigated the house, is a wanted accused. Rehab's stomach wash , preserved by doctors at Criticare Hospital, showed traces of rare poison aluminum phosphide.An expert committee of doctors, appointed to determine the cause of the death, had informed the police that to put a finger on the reason for Rameez's death they would need to conduct an postmortem which is possible only after exhumation.Midway through the investigation, in July, the couple flew to Muscat without informing the police, relatives or neighbours. They retuned within a week after a storm was raised over their disappearance.A police officer said that while submitting the charge sheet in the case of culpable homicide not amounting to murder against the pest control workers, they will have to attach a certificate citing cause of death.A grey powder was allegedly recovered from the siblings' house four days after the deaths. If it were indeed aluminum phosphide as the police claim, its use is restricted as a pesticide in granaries. The dealer was not permitted to sell it for household use.(Inputs by Swati Deshpande and Bella Jaisinghani)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15510147", "title": "Coimbatore the best corporation in Tamil Nadu", "text": "COIMBATORE: Despite the hue and cry from the public about the haphazard implementation of various state and central government schemes, Coimbatore Municipal Corporation has been honoured as the best performing corporation in the state outweighing nine other municipal corporations in the state, including Chennai.City mayor SM Velusamy received the honour citation from the chief minister J Jayalalithaa at the state government function held in Chennai on Wednesday. The corporation has also been awarded a cash prize of Rs25lakhs for its achievement.\"It is a matter of great pride and honour for Coimbatore Corporation,\" said T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.According to senior corporation officials, what clinched the honour for the corporation was the high revenue collection, which came to around 88%. The chief minister's office had sent a 15 point questionnaire to the municipal corporation officials a few weeks back which was to be sent back after including the major achievements of the civic body from all departments.Surprisingly, the record of the JnNURM schemes was also part of the evaluation format including the implementation of the e-governance scheme and the restoration of roads. The solid waste management project of the city corporation was also included as a major achievement of the corporation. The officials claimed that JnNURM projects were only about 20% complete during the term of the previous council and it picked up pace after the new council took over in October last. \"The ongoing Geographical Information Survey ( GIS) project was also included in the list of achievements of the corporation,\" said another official.The city corporation has called for an emergency meeting of the council of its elected representatives on Thursday to make an official announcement of the achievement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15521475", "title": "Indian Music Industry conducts two anti piracy raids in Mohali and Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: On tip-offs from The Indian Music Industry (IMI), Punjab police conducted two anti-piracy raids in last two weeks at Mohali and Ludhiana. Two computer units, 2 recorder chips, 2 card readers, 2 DVD writers and other materials used in piracy were seized by the police during these raids.Police have arrested 2 accused so far recovering VCDs and MP3s of various hits like - Chamkila (Saregama), Razz (Tips) from these raided shops.The IMI investigators under the supervision of DS Dhaliwal, State Coordinator, IMI, played an instrumental role in informing the police authorities and exposing the offenders.Commenting on the raid, Savio D'Souza, Secretary General, IMI, said, \"IMI is committed to its fight against piracy and will ensure that 2012 yields quality results.Indian music industry is suffering from huge losses because of piracy that not only hurts the commercial interests of licensed manufacturers but also has the potential of damaging the country's economic and social fabric. Such raids not only prove to be a benefit for the industry but also boost the morale of artists. \" Piracy has been evolving and expanding its footprints in India.According to IMI, physical format of piracy alone dents a loss of Rs 600 crore annually to the music Industry of India. Music Industry is witnessing new formats of piracy such a Mobile Chip Piracy which roughly estimates a loss of another Rs 300 crore.In order to minimize the losses from mobile chip piracy, IMI launched a new exchange - Music Mobile Exchange (MMX). A shopkeeper can become legitimate to download music in the external memory (mobile chips) by opting for the MMX licence.However this is not for the first time that such a raid has been carried in the city by the Police. There have been many such raids in the past as well but the piracy business continues to go unabated in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15518400", "title": "In social media race, Obama outpacing Romney", "text": "WASHINGTON: President Barack Obama is leading the digital race against Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney in this year's presidential election, according to a new study.The new Pew Research Center study found that the Obama campaign posted almost four times more content online than Romney's campaign did, and is active on twice as many social media platforms.According to Politico, the report said that the starkest contrast between the two candidates is seen on Twitter.The Romney campaign tweeted about once a day, while Obama's camp tweeted about 29 times each day, the report found.The Obama campaign also is much more active posting videos on YouTube and blogs on his website, the report added.\"As the conventions drew closer, Romney's campaign took steps to close the technology gap, and may well take more with the addition of Paul Ryan to the ticket,\" Pew's Project for Excellence in Journalism deputy director Amy Mitchell said in a statement.\"But there is a long way to go before the Romney team matches the level of activity of the Obama campaign,\" he added.The study found that about one-third of the Romney campaign's online posts were focussed on Obama and attacked the President's policies or decisions, while about 14 percent of Obama's posts centred on the Republican nominee.The study also found that about 24 percent of Romney's postings were about the economy, and 19 percent of Obama's content focused on the issue.The report also noted that while the campaigns are both trying to communicate directly with voters online, they are not doing much to engage their followers by sharing or re-tweeting to their comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15520567", "title": "Home stay attack: Forum urges national women panel to rescind state women panel report", "text": "MANGALORE: The Forum Against Atrocities on Women (FAAW) submitted a memorandum to the National Commission for Women (NCW) requesting to rescind the report of State Commission for Women (SCW) on home stay attack.FAAW representatives Sabiha Bhoomigowda, Vidya Dinker, Parinitha Shetty, Gulabi Bilimale handed over the memorandum and a fact finding report on home stay attack incident to NCW member Shamina Shafiq.\"We are happy to know that the NCW is investigating the home stay attack that took place on the July 28. Chairperson of the SCW C Manjula, who visited Mangalore, had prepared a report on the incident and presented it to the Government of Karnataka. We are extremely unhappy with the report of Manjula because we feel it is biased and not based on proper investigations,\" said FAAW member Sabiha.\"The report was prepared without meeting all the victims of the attack and without taking into consideration their grievances. In addition, there has been a deliberate attempt in the report to slander both the victims as well as their parents. Despite the police denying it, the report has stated that a rave party was taking place at the home stay. The report is deliberately trying to lead one astray with regard to the facts of the incident by creating and highlighting certain false information about the event and glossing over what actually happened at the home stay on that day. Hence, we condemn this report and request you to prepare a new report on the basis of a proper investigation into the matter and with the intention of providing justice to the victims of the attack,\" she said and urged the NCW to order for a new report to be prepared based on a proper and just investigation of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15509470", "title": "Plea to increase salaries of Padoshem water plant workers", "text": "KERI: The Padoshem water treatment plant in the village of Poriem in Sattari taluka, which caters to drinking water needs of Bicholim and Sattari talukas, is presently run by 51 contract workers who are getting a meagre salary and are deprived of service benefits.During the monsoon session, the Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal highlighted the problems of drinking water supply faced by the residents of Bicholim and urged the government to solve various problems faced by contract workers as well as problems at the plant itself.The pathetic situation of these contract workers came to light in April 2010 when they protested against the injustice done to them for more than seven-eight years. When the issue came for discussion in the assembly session in April 2010, the then PWD minister Churchill Alemao had given an assurance to look into the matter.After this strike, only provident fund benefits were made applicable to these workers since 2010. But, no other benefits have been given to them.There are 13 skilled workers who are getting a daily wage of 186, 37 unskilled workers are paid 150 and one highly skilled worker is paid 215.One junior engineer, one assistant chemist and 3 laboratory technicians are the only regular staff working at the plant.Leader of BJP youth wing Pramod Sawant, who is also MLA of Sankhali constituency, expressed disappointment against the grave injustice committed by the previous government. The foundation stone for augmentation of 40 MLD water treatment plant at Padoshem was laid on April 10, 2001.After the completion of the plant, public works department recruited workers on contract. Earlier, only 36 workers were appointed on contract. Now, 15 more have been employed, also on contract.When TOI contacted the executive engineer of public work department's public health engineering (PHE) North Division, Kamaladdini, he said, \"All 51 workers are on contract. Their grievances were already put before the government. Government has to take the decision of employing them as regular workers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15503500", "title": "I am very animated as a person: Nargis Fakhri", "text": "In the capital to perform at an event, TOI caught up with a very excited Nargis Fakhri talking about her dancing skills and her first trip back home. Excerpts.Excited about stage debut I'm really excited to be performing on stage because I come from New York and there Broadway was such a big thing. I always used to ask where we go to see a show in India. So I know India loves their Bollywood, I love your Bollywood but this is something entirely different. So I am super excited for my big stage debut.I am a very animated person I don't know how to behave like a nice Indian woman. I don't know if it's a foreign thing or not but I am very animated as a person. And this is what I noticed after seeing myself in Rockstar . Nobody told me that I need to be more subtle. I was just being natural. So if you know me and you see the movie, you'll say oh that's so Nargis. So before shooting the movie, I never sat down to observe any Indian women and their mannerisms. I just had two months of preparations, so I couldn't learn about a culture in two months.There is no off day for me With no immediate project in hand, Nargis has taken to Kathak and acting classes other than learning Hindi to keep herself occupied. \"Kathak has made me more conscious about my posture and movements. But it is so tough, with all the spinning and those heavy ghunghroos. There is always something to do. Hindi classes, event shows, magazine launches. There is never an off day.\"I choose to laugh off the nonsense rather than crying over it I'm under the media glare all the time. There are so many meetings and before I know it, I'm linked to somebody new. And when I joke about it, nobody gets it. When I tweeted, I was trying to be funny but nobody got my joke. People thought I was being mean. I was not being mean, it was a sincere question but nobody got it. But in any case, I choose to laugh about it. Because if I don't laugh, I'll cry and I don't want to cry so I laugh everything off.Attimes I feel like packing my bags and leaving There are still so many instances when I feel like packing my bags and just going away. Don't tell my manager that. There I was travelling the world, minding my own business and then I was contacted for this one thing and my whole life changed. I never saw this happening, but now that I'm here, I'm trying to make the most of it. But right now I can't wait to go back home and see my mom. That's all I have on my mind. There are so many discussions and meetings and projects but I am not holding on to anything. So, right now I am going home after six months and that's all I care about.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15517043", "title": "I want to enjoy every small bit of success: Irfan Pathan", "text": "NEW DELHI: His impressive show during the recently concluded limited overs cricket series in Sri Lanka has taught Irfan Pathan to \"enjoy each and every small moment of success\" that comes his way.\"After being out for two years due to injury, this is one thing I have learnt. I need to enjoy each and every small bit of success that comes my way. I have to seize happiness from each and every moment on cricket field,\" said Pathan.\"I have realized that whatever has happened in the past is history and I can't afford to look too ahead towards future. But I can control my present and work hard to make things happen. That is exactly what I am trying to do. Grab each and every moment,\" the 27-year-old, who won two man-of-the-match awards said.\"A good delivery like the one that swung into Dilshan and I got him bowled in the T20 match is certainly satisfying but at the same time my innings of 34 not out is also equally significant as it was very important in the context of the match. These are little successes that I have started enjoying. It lifts your morale.\"The Lankan series has by far been the best one for Irfan where he got a five-for in one of the ODIs, had couple of cameos as well as a match-winning performance in the one-off T20.On whether he has now cemented a place in the Indian team, he said, \"You can never say you belong to a certain place. I believe that only if I perform, I will be a part of that dressing room. I will have to keep contributing in whatever little way I can.\"Having tasted the flavour of Test cricket (he already has a double of 1000 runs and 100 wickets from 29 Tests), he wants to get back into white flannels in near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madhugiri (tumkur district)", "code": "15509475", "title": "Madhugiri revels in independence spirit", "text": "Madhugiri (Tumkur district): He's been there, done that. Wary all along that British police would hunt him down. But on Wednesday, NV Krishnamachari, 96, returned to Madhugiri fort in Tumkur district a jubilant man. The freedom fighter was accompanied by three comrades, their families and scores of Independence Day celebrants.Madhugiri fort, about 110kms from Bangalore city, was awash with the tricolour and resonated with cries of Vande Mataram. A huge crowd had turned up to greet the freedom fighters.The fort was the favourite hideout of freedom fighters from Bagepalli, Kolar and Tumkur on the run from the British. Their only means of sustenance was honey from beehives in the ramparts of the fort.\"Madhugiri fort has saved us many times during the freedom struggle. As youngsters, we'd cut the telegraph wires of the British and hide in the stone structures within this fort,\" recalled Krishamachari.\"My father told me about his Madhugiri fort escapades and how freedom fighters survived on honey they found in the fort,\" his daughter Jhansi Rani Lakshmi told TOI.NR Mathad, 90, and VS Hallikeri, 88, were the other freedom fighters from Bangalore who took part in the flag-hoisting event at the foot of the hillock. The flag was later carried to the top.Several Bangaloreans came to soak in the celebrations. \"I mailed the significance and details of the Madhugiri fort celebrations to all 196 foreign embassies in India,\" said Davil Lama, a Class XII student from Canadian International School.\"It's nice to discover a place in our surroundings that has played a prominent role in our Independence struggle,\" said Amar Lama and Sharmila Lama, a Darjeeling-based couple living in Bangalore.\"I heard about the Madhugiri hills but am seeing it today,\" said freedom fighter D N Sampath in his late eighties.Madhugiri chronicles* Madhugiri means 'honey hill'* Madhugiri fort stands atop a 3,930-foot monolith* Fort was built by Raja Hera Gauda, who owed allegiance to the Vijayanagara kings in 15 A.D. In 1678, the fort was captured by Devaraja, Dalawai of Mysore. Later, it was reinforced by Hyder Ali* Built of cyclopean members in granite set in lime mortar and lime brick parapet, it had eight water sources, seven granaries, eight godowns, two small palaces, five houses, 26 terraces, and six large houses to store weaponsPolice uneasy by celebrationsVolunteers of the NGO Naavu Bharathiyaru Foundation want to celebrate Independence Day atop Madhugiri fort every year. But Madhugiri police and taluk administration are not happy as they have to deal with thousands of revellers.Surging crowds put an enormous strain on the administration. In an advisory to the NGO, police pointed out they put their lives at risk to ensure people go up and climb down safely. \"It's not safe to climb the steep hillock. The railings are weak. Not more than 100 people can be allowed atop the hill,\" V Nirmala, police sub-inspector, told TOI.If one person loses her balance on the route, it could trigger a series of accidents. \"Several college students come to the fort and harass girls. We've spotted some illegal activities too,\" said police.Admitting that stalkers are a problem, Sudha M, a Madhugiri college student, said: \"We ensure we're in groups. Yet youths try to harass us.\"SH Bhaskar, founder and chairman, Naavu Bharathiyaru Foundation, said there were no untoward incidents or accidents during I-Day celebrations. \"How can police say only 100 persons can climb the hill? It's not democratic,\" he said.Pics by: Asif / Filed by: Sunitha Rao R/ Cleared by: s Prasad/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509321", "title": "HC seeks government response on Vizag steel plant", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice K C Bhanu of the AP high court has directed the state and central governments to explain the reasons for non-allotment of captive mines to Visakhapatnam Steel Plant within two weeks. The judge was responding to a petition filed by Y T Das of steel plant employees union who sought a direction to the state and Centre in this regard. Instead of allotting captive mines either at Obulapuram or Bayyaram, the government favoured some private players in this regard, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15513093", "title": "Coastal town caught between modernity and middle-class morality", "text": "MANGALORE: \"History will have to record that the greatest tragedy of this period of social transition was not the strident clamor of the bad people, but the appalling silence of the good people.'' - Martin Luther King Jr.The logic clearly applies to Mangalore, which is undergoing a churning and a transformation of sorts. The churning is happening primarily due to modernity, which has brought about a conflict of interests between kindled aspirations of one section of youth and non-fulfillment of desires among others, and caught in between is the middle class morality. Those in conflict have been prey to designs of religious exploiters across communities and religious groups.A social scientist says the transformation or \"degeneration'' is not a recent phenomenon, but has been going on since the past three to four decades. \"But of late, there is a sea change of social life which has happened so fast in the last few years that people, socio-psychologically, find it hard to cope or digest it because of their middle class morality,'' says William Robert Da Silva, social scientist.Recalling communal clashes between Mogaveeras and Muslim students of Government College in 1971, allegedly instigated by the right wing, he said earlier, the attacks related to one's occupation, Mogaveeras being fishermen and sellers. \"Now, the exploitation in on the basis of religion. Caste to a great extent is a past issue, barring lower caste. This caste-religious exploitation is not confined to Hindu groups alone, but Christians and Muslims have also been in this process since decades,'' he notes.\"This is also a place where urban desires and consumerism are very strong than elsewhere. Given the desires, non-fulfillment is creating a mental division and unconscious conflict. It is very easy to exploit these minds,'' Da Silva explains how youth fall prey to the designs of religious exploiters across communities and religious groups.He further explains: \"Since majority of the girls are studying even in this defective education system, which does not encourage skill orientation or critical thinking, they make good clerks, subsidiary workers. Boys are left behind. What do you do with these boys who have aspirations of coming out of the caste mould and moving out of villages or trying to live a city-like condition in a rural setting? The agents of the politics in all communities are trying to exploit it.''Rita Noronha, professional social worker and former dean of the department of social work, blames it on economic disparity. \"Today, disparity is sharper. On the one hand, there is concentration of wealth and on the other, there is large-scale poverty. Many people have not benefited from the progress the region has seen in the last few years. This latent anger is getting tapped and directed towards not building a new inclusive society but is channelized towards fulfillment of goals of a smaller minority of caste and patriarchal forces.''On a pessimistic note, Da Silva says the degeneration has set in and will continue for some more time, until there is a point of no return. \"Degeneration often develops a feeling where you cannot go beyond a point. And we are passing through that process. The middle-class mentality or morality is still there, which they impose on others,'' he points out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511117", "title": "'Must keep a check on bike-borne youths'", "text": "MUMBAI: The confiscation of 69 bikes from Saturday's protest site once again brings to the fore the \"menace\" of bike-borne youths. Community leaders and parents have been raising concerns over bike-borne gangs running riot on Mumbai's roads whenever they get an opportunity and are now planning to create awareness among Muslim youth.Though it is not restricted to any single community, Muslim clerics and leaders have warned youths to desist from carrying out bike stunts.\"Apart from putting their own lives in danger, they are also a threat to the life of pedestrians. It is a fact that our boys indulge in rash driving and do stunts of motorcycles. We need to launch a campaign to make them aware of the dangers. This generation of young bikers think law will not catch up with them and they will get away easily,\" said Maulana Mahmood Dayabadi of All India Ulema Council.Especially during the festival season, roads in the nights are taken over by these young bikers, who vroom through the city to visit dargahs and mosques. A few years ago, during a stunt on bikes, many youths were seriously injured.Senior cleric Maulana Shoeb Koti said that like youngsters in other communities, the young generation of Muslims lack discipline. \"The faulty parenting is to blame for this. This generation doesn't listen to their parents,\" he said.During Saturday's protests, too, several youths came without informing their parents. \"Proper education about current issues is a must. Lack of education and guidance is ruining the Muslim youth,\" said former Congress MLA Yusuf Abrahni, who plans to volunteer for a sensitizing programme of the community's youth. Wrong priorities have also misled a number of Muslim youth.\"The call for march to Azad Maidan was about a peace protest. Then how come some boys came with lathis and hockey sticks?\" wondered Amir Idrisi, president of Association of Muslim Professionals ( AMP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513341", "title": "Ashok Mehta: The man who looked at things differently", "text": "One of Ashok Mehta's last appearances was at Whistling Woods, where he reached on a wheelchair. He was suffering from an advanced form of lung cancer , but his spirit, as always, remained indomitable.Recalling the gooseflesh inducing moment, Subhash Ghai says, \"I remember how he got up from the wheelchair, climbed the 13 steps to reach the stage, where 400 students honoured him. Ashok gave a truly motivational speech that got him a standing ovation from the students.\"Those who have had the privilege of working with one the finest cinematographers of our time, will vouch for the fact that, Mehta, who died on succumbed to his illness on Wednesday at 65, elicited such effusive responses wherever he went.A man with flair - whether it was with his way of using light or wearing his signature hat - he has been credited with brining in a certain finesse in our films. A quick look at his repertoire is revealing - Aparna Sen's 36 Chowringhee Lane, Paroma, Shekhar Kapur's Bandit Queen, Shyam Benegal's Mandi and Trikaal - which is shot almost entirely in candle light, Shashi Kapoor's Utsav, Subhash Ghai's Ram Lakhan, Khalnayak and Kisna and M F Hussain's Gaja Gamini.From the unabashedly commercial, to the fiercely artistic, his genius found expression in every milieu. A reason why, when word of his demise first came in, the tributes came thick and fast. Shekhar Kapur , for one, declared that Mehta was responsible for unlocking his creative potential. \"A large part of who I am in the West, is thanks to what he taught me,\" he said to this paper. Anil Kapoor was among the first ones to reach the hospital and bid a tearful goodbye.Mehta will be missed by the industry for the way filmmakers looked at the frame. For instance, on the very first day of shoot on the sets of Ram Lakhan, Ghai was in for a surprise when Mehta insisted he wanted the lights on for a daytime shot. \"The results shocked me. I had never envisaged that keeping the lights on would add so much sparkle to that particular scene. And mind you, he could light up a scene with a matchstick.\"A perfectionist, Mehta would not hesitate to ask for retakes till he was satisfied with a particular shot. Even if he was working with a stalwart like Dilip Kumar in Saudagar.For the man whose vision redefined Bollywood, his life was no less dramatic. He was just 14 when he ran away from his home in Delhi. He started off in the early sixties, doing odd jobs that barely kept him going, before he landed up at R K Studios as an office boy. Soon, he graduated to being a camera attendant and proved to be a very efficient one at that. The turning point came when Shashi Kapoor happened to notice how deft Mehta was with the camera while working on a film. Shashi went on to ask Mehta to work on his home production 36, Chowringhee Lane.Later, Rakhee, who was hugely impressed with Mehta's skills during the filming of Paroma, suggested his name to Subhash Ghai for Ram Lakhan. The film was a turning point for the cinematographer, who never looked back thereafter.The news of Mehta's illness reached the industry on the sets of Raveena Tandon's television show. He had appeared in a segment featuring Arjun Rampal , whom he had launched in Bollywood with his only directorial project Moksha. He had addressed his protege from the hospital bed, reducing Rampal to tears. Mehta's funeral will be conducted on Friday after his family members arrive from abroad.Filmography Attot Dor (2011) Ek Naya Bhor (2011) Meridian Lines (2009) God Tussi Great Ho (2008) (dop) (2006) (dop) No Entry (2005) Kisna: The Warrior Poet (2005) Chalte Chalte (2003) Dil Ka Rrishta (2003) Aankhen (2002) Gaja Gamini (2000) Pukar (2000) Gupt: The hidden truth (1997) The making of the Mahatma (1996) Trimurti (1995) (dop) Bandit Queen (1994) Khalnayak (1993) Saudagar (1991) Sati (1989) Ram Lakhan (1989) Ijaazat (1987) (1985) (uncredited) Andar Baahar (1984) Utsav (1984) (dop) Paroma (1984) Mandi (1983) Jawalaa Dahej Ki (1982) 36 Chowringhee lane (1981) Lal Kothi (1978)Ace cinematographer Ashok Mehta has been a mentor and a guide to many, including well-known lensman Amit Ashar. This photograph, taken by Ashar is part of his personal tribute to the man he considers his \"guide, leading light, friend, philosopher and so much more.\"Shot over a period of time in India and in the UK, the photographs do a commendable job of capturing the genius and the enigma of Mehta. \"He was a fantastic human being, with a heart that was far bigger than anyone I know,\" said Ashar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511139", "title": "Cops rescue man from kidnappers", "text": "CHENNAI: Police rescued a 22-year-old man kidnapped by a three-member gang at Tambaram on Monday.Venkatesan was abducted because his cousin, Anandan, allegedly had an affair with the wife of a gang member. The arrested have been identified as Ravi, Karthik and Sugumar.Police sources said, \"Recently, the woman went missing and the gang members suspected that she had eloped with Anandan. Since they couldn't find Anandan, they harassed his family members who were walking on Mudichur Road. They dragged Anandan's cousin Venkatesan into an auto and fled the scene.\" Based on information, a police team intercepted the auto during a vehicle check near Madipakkam and rescued the man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15522027", "title": "Diamond city to host half marathon in February 2013", "text": "SURAT: City police have started preparations to host the first-ever half marathon with an aim to create awareness about traffic, health and education of children and a green Surat in 2013.The 21.0975km run jointly organized by Surat Traffic Education Trust, run by the city police and Round Table India's Surat chapter will be held on February 3, 2013.City police commissioner Rakesh Asthana told TOI, \"The preparations are going on in a full swing. A 25-member core team represented by well-known personalities from the city has been formed to work on the technical and marketing aspects of the event.\"According to Asthana, the core team members will be visiting in different cities across the country where the marathons are organized successfully every year. The team members have been entrusted with the responsibility to organize various awareness programmes to publicize the first ever marathon in the city.\"The core team will be preparing a comprehensive list of national and international athletes to invite them in the half marathon,\" Asthana said.Sources said a target of collecting funds worth more than Rs 5 crore has been set to make the first marathon successful.Danny Nirbang of Round Table India said, \"About 30,000 people are expected to participate in the half marathon. We have started giving training to those who want to participate\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515138", "title": "English TV celebrity Karl Pilkington to act in Bhojpuri film", "text": "After Hollywood it is the English television knocking on Bhojpuri Cinema's doors. Karl Pilkington of the travel show An Idiot Abroad fame will be seen in the Bhojpuri flick Chingari which is a remake of the Hindi film 'Insaaf' that was based on the famous Champa Biswas and Babloo Yadav case of Bihar.The story is about an IAS officer's wife who is allegedly raped by a politician's son for 9 years. This will be Karl's first outing in Bhojpuri Cinema. Karl who is a former radio producer made his acting debut in the Channel 4 comedy-drama Derek,portraying care taker and bus driver Dougie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15522321", "title": "Sahara chief plans Olympic centre for athletes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Be it shooting, hockey, wrestling, boxing or archery, Sahara India has unfailingly extended support to sport. This is in spite of a long association with cricket, where Sahara sponsors the national team, and commitments to the IPL team Pune Warriors.Out of 81 athletes who participated in the London Olympics, more than 40 got direct financial help from Sahara.On an average, Sahara has been spending Rs 25 crore on the athletes every year. Now, however, chief Subrata Roy has decided not to channel his financial help through the government-run federations.Roy is set to open an Olympic centre at the Amby Valley in a year's time where athletes can train specifically for the Games at Sahara's expense.\"We are going to develop world-class infrastructure for all disciplines which will help us to win more medals in Rio. The facility will be able to accommodate 200 athletes,\" Roy told TOI in an interview.He said that Sahara will get the best of coaches for all disciplines and, most importantly, will take care of their expenses for training abroad.\"I was expecting Deepika Kumari to win a medal in archery. But she was not used to the windy conditions at the Lord's. We want to ensure that in future an athlete like Deepika can leave early to these venues to get acclimatized before the Games,\" Roy added.Five out of six London medallists ( Vijay Kumar , Sushil, Kumar, Gagan Narang, Yogeshwar Dutt and MC Mary Kom) have received financial support from the company. \"We are not built for power games. We should focus on sports where we will be capable of winning ,\" he said.The hockey debacle, where India finished last, has left Roy sad. \"When hockey was played on grass, we were on top of the world. But now, the same game needs speed and strength and we are unable to match the other countries.\"It's kind of sad but we have to live with it. We can't even compete in sports like basketball, baseball and football because of lack of speed. Time has come for us to realize where our strength lies and start from there.\"Sahara, though, will continue to support hockey. Roy is confident the IPL-style hockey league will kick off without any hiccups. Sahara has already bought one of the six teams which are supposed to take part in league.Although Roy is supporting the Indian volleyball team and tennis star Sania Mirza , he is also with the Kolkata football league.He has plans to start a sports foundation for needy athletes. He is also interested in investing in table tennis and other Olympic sports where India can impress. \"In all these disciplines there will be international level coaches, who will be assisting these athletes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509362", "title": "Only specific aspects of regional plan open to village panchayats: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has announced that the Regional Plan 2021 will be kept open for feedback from the public, but made it clear that there will be restrictions on changes that can be asked for by village panchayats.\"The framework for the regional plan will be decided soon,\" chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Wednesday. Speaking on the sidelines of a function organized in Panaji on Independence Day, he stressed that what should go to the gram sabha, panchayats and what should be decided by the state government will be specified before asking for inputs from the people.\"We will give agenda (to the village panchayats) that these are the areas you can comment on,\" said Parrikar, adding that there will be \"a very specific agenda\". \"We will clearly define what are the rights of village panchayats,\" he said, adding that \"it won't be open like anything\".Emphasizing that certain areas (in RP 2021) are the prerogative of the state government, he stressed, \"These areas can't become the prerogative of the village panchayats.\"He said village panchayats will have no say on aspects such as national highways and major district roads. Public utilities such as pipelines will also be no-go areas, he added.\"Some highways are passing through villages. The villages can't say we don't want them to be more than 10m,\" the chief minister said. He also said village panchayats \"cannot tell me not to include a certain public utility in the village\". \"Let people give feedback for general issues of public,\" said Parrikar.Asked when the process would begin, Parrikar first said it would started from August 17, but later indicated August 20 would be a more realistic date, after factoring in technical delays.He said the process would be done in 60 days and according to the \"time-table\" should conclude by \"October 1\". Asked when RP 2021 would be ready, Parrikar said, \"My deadline was December (2012), but before March (next year) everything should be finalized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15513835", "title": "SC notice to Centre on PIL seeking action on missing children", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has issued notice to Union government and states on a PIL seeking action to find 55000 children gone missing in the country.The PIL alleges that the governments have done little to trace the missing children.The order of the apex court came on a petition filed by an advocate, Sarwa Mitra.\"The State police machinery has failed to trace the missing children resulting in total extinction of life of these children. Further there is mutilation or amputation of arms, legs or pulling out of eyes or destruction of any other organ of the body of these children which lead them to spend miserable lives and compel them to engage in begging, flesh trade etc,\" Mitra said in his petition.The petitioner also submitted that, \"The state police has failed to investigate the cases of kidnapping and had failed to trace the missing children which is a total denial of right to life and liberty of these innocent children.\"Almost all the states have failed to solve the kidnapping of 55,000 children by organised gangs,\" Mitra said in his petition, adding that \"These unfortunate children are also forced into bootlegging, smuggling, prostitution etc.\"The petition also said, \"There is selling and buying of children for illegal acts, sexual exploitation and child trafficking.\"(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15520280", "title": "Teenager nabbed for bike thefts", "text": "NAGPUR: Katol police has nabbed a standard XI student for allegedly stealing three bikes in quick succession. Following information from a citizen, police managed to zero down upon the teenager and also recover the stolen bikes. Katol police began a probe after a couple of bike thefts were reported at the police station. One of the stolen bikes, spotted near Fetri village, led the cops to the teenager who was allegedly behind the thefts. It has come to fore that the teenager, adept in starting ignition of locked two-wheelers, had taken the bikes home after stealing them.Police said that the minor had claimed before the parents that the bikes belonged to his friends. The juvenile delinquent, said a police source, kept the bikes at home in the daytime after a day of stealing them but later abandoned outside the village. The acts, which were spotted by the villagers, led to the boy being rounded up by the police. He confessed before the cops.Police said that the teenager has claimed that he had stolen the bikes for going to village but was compelled to abandon them after exhausting the fuel. It is learnt that Katol police had received a complaint of theft on August 8 earlier this month that two bikes were stolen. Apart from Sumek Pindkar, whose bike was stolen from Saraswati Nagar. When he had gone for some work, the two-wheeler of one Vivek Patil too was stolen from Ghode plot.The two thefts had taken place within a gap of a few hours. Earlier, police also had a complaint on August 4, also earlier this month, that there was a bike theft from Katol town. Baffled with the series of bike thefts, the cops got first clue when one of the stolen bikes was found parked near Fetri. During questioning the local residents, police had learnt about the teenager who had enjoyed joyrides on the stolen bikes in the village till the two-wheelers had fuel in them.Assistant sub-inspector Pramod Sherje of Katol police said that the parents of the culprit should have acted more responsibly. \"When the parents were seeing that their son was bringing different bikes almost on every other day at home then they should have not relied on his claims of bringing them from friends. They should have delved deeper and also contact police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15521637", "title": "Uniform drug policy must to break nexus: Punjab's chief parliamentary secretary", "text": "BATHINDA: The chief parliamentary secretary, health and family welfare, Punjab, Dr Navjot Sidhu on Thursday met Union health minister, Gulam Nabi Azad and discussed vital steps to be taken in improving the overall health scenario in Punjab. She apprised him of the existing health care system prevailing in the state.Dr Sidhu laid emphasis on the formation of a uniform drug policy with a view to breaking the nexus between drug manufacturers, Drug Inspectors, Chemists, Medical Representatives and Doctors. She said that for all companies the maximum inflation in the price of any drug should not exceed 5% between actual production cost and MRP of generic drug. Medical Traders can earn 200- 300% profit on generic drugs compared to branded drugs because multinational companies are buying generic drugs at very low cost and selling them under their brand names at exorbitant prices. So doctors should prescribe branded drugs only with least margin of profit if generic drugs are not available in their hospitals.She said that the state government was already taking strict measures to handle drug addiction. Mass scale counseling centers would be promoted, which could be effective in preventing drug abuse because drug addiction is generally an end product of stress in life, could be because of multiple factors. She also said that Psychiatry should be promoted as major subject in MBBS besides attaching NGOs to coordinate with psychiatrists to teach yoga, meditation and pranayama to target groups.Dr Sidhu urged the Union Minister for Health to formulate more rigorous rules in checking quacks and female foeticide spread all over. Unwanted surgeries could be checked by forming scanning teams at Govt. hospitals if the patient wants consultation, even if he wants to be operated in a private hospital. Uniform pattern test for all Govt.Private medical and nursing colleges to check mushrooming of private colleges giving substandard education for overall improvement in performance levels in health services. She also said that some work policy for medical representatives should be formed for promoting the drug and some seniority policy should have been there so that they are not replaced by lower salaried youngsters without valid reason or misconduct.Dr Sidhu expressed concern over the rise of medico legal cases and said that mass scale reforms in Medico legal cases were required to save doctors from undue pressure from any department and save genuine patients from harassment at the hands of over influential opposite parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15509244", "title": "HC allows allottees to amend petition on PRN scheme", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan High Court has allowed some successful allottees of Prithviraj Nagar scheme to amend their writ petition pending in the court. The court permitted 36 allottees of Phase I of Kalpana Nagar in Prithviraj Nagar to challenge the regularization of the encroachers.\"We have challenged the regularization policy on the main count that it has not been notified in the name of governor. Further, the mass regularization has been disapproved by Supreme Court,\" said R D Rastogi, counsel for petitioners.Justice M N Bhandari permitted the state government to file its reply defending the policy in two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15520785", "title": "Beginning September 1, Delhi Book Fair to focus on e-books", "text": "NEW DELHI: Beginning on September 1, the latest edition of the Delhi Book Fair will focus on e-books. The nine-day long fair will be held at Pragati Maidan.\"E-books are catching on as a trend. We have got OverDrive, one of the largest international digital distributors of e-books as a participant in the fair this time. We will also have a two-day seminar on e-books and demonstrations for publishers,\" says Shakti Malik, treasurer, Federation of Indian Publishers and the director of the Delhi Book Fair.Audio books, which got a small, dedicated space in the International Book Fair earlier this year, won't get a similar attention at the Delhi Book Fair. \"E-books is a hotter trend now and audio books are yet to catch on in India. We might consider that later,\" says Malik.A delegation of 20 Chinese businessmen is expected to visit for negotiations on translations. \"It is surprising, but they are interested in a lot of technical books about computers and the like from India,\" says Malik.Close to 300 publishers are expected to participate this year. Visitors can avail the 11 air-conditioned mini-buses that will ferry them to the exhibition halls from the gates at the sprawling venue. Students carrying an identity card will get a 50% discount on the entry ticket.The festival is a collaborative project between the India Trade Promotion Organisation (ITPO) and Federation of Indian Publishers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15513736", "title": "Wisconsin shooting: Atwal to raise awareness about Sikhs", "text": "LONDON: Saddened by the shooting inside a Gurudwara in the United States a couple of weeks ago, Indian golfer Arjun Atwal is planning to raise awareness about Sikhs by distributing saffron ribbons during next week's Wyndham Championship -- a tournament he won two years ago.Atwal said he is deeply affected by the shooting at a Gurudwara in Wisconsin two weeks ago on August 5 when a gunman killed six people and injured four others. The gunman then shot himself in the head.\"I was in an airport with my wife. We were transiting to somewhere and I saw CNN, and I just had to sit down. I almost missed my connecting flight. It was really sad to see,\" Atwal said.\"I couldn't figure out exactly why it happened at that time, but then when I got back home, I still don't know why it happened, I mean, how do you explain what happened there? It's just some crazy guy just going nuts. It was just sad to see.\"I talked to my dad about it, as well, and I was like, I want to do something about it, and I didn't know exactly what to do, so I figured this would be a decent way,\" he added.Atwal said his plan is a small initiative to heal the wounds.\"I didn't know exactly what to do because I've never been in a position to do anything about these things. I know it's not going to take their pain away, but whatever we could do, and then obviously to raise a little bit of awareness about the Sikhs in America,\" he said.\"I've heard since 9/11 there's been a few killings of Sikhs around the country, and I just thought it was the wrong thing. So my wife and I decided that we should do something so that people might just look up and say, okay, well, you should learn a little bit more about the religion and who these people are,\" he added.The Sikh Council on Religion and Education and the World Sikh Organisation, two Sikh bodies in the United States are trying to raise donations for the victims and also the policeman who was injured in the tragedy and who is alive despite being shot nine times.\"If my grandma was alive, she'd be devastated, because she wouldn't understand any of this, because she was very, very religious. My dad is pretty much the same way. He was kind of upset about it, too. Yeah, we talked quite a bit about it,\" he said.Atwal needs a very good finish to get into the FedEx Cup for which only the top-125 qualify. Atwal is right now 169th.\"I need to win. No, obviously I haven't played well this year, but I've found a little something in my game the last couple weeks, and I just need to go with that and maybe get the short game a little bit sharper, and I should be good this week,\" he said.On the course that has changed since the time he won, Atwal said, \"Looking at the practice green, seeing how smooth and how firm they're going to be on the golf course, I think this is what (designer) Donald Ross had originally intended.\"(Now) On these greens, you can't get up-and-down, like I did when I won. It was an easy chip for me because it was soft. You could hold the green or whatever. But now it's going to be exactly the way he intended it to play, so it's going to be much tougher.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514762", "title": "Samsung India booking Galaxy Note 10.1; price not revealed", "text": "Samsung India has started taking pre-orders for the Galaxy Note 10.1 tablet on its e-store. However, the tablet which has been launched in US, UK and South Korea, is yet to be launched in the country.Buyers are required to pay Rs 2,000 in order to book the tablet, which is available under its code name, Galaxy Note N8000, on the Samsung India e-store. The South Korean manufacturer is offering a free book cover worth Rs 3,249 with every booking of the Galaxy Note 10.1.Interestingly, despite not having disclosed the price, Samsung is asking those who book the Galaxy Note 10.1 in India that they will have to pay the balance amount within 3 days of the launch of the device. The company will send emails to buyers who have pre-ordered the tablet to intimate them about the launch. Samsung is not offering Cash on Delivery service for the tablet.Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 is the latest tablet from the stables of the South Korean company. It features a 10.1-inch PLS TFT display, with S Pen (stylus), multiscreen and multitouch compatibility. The device is powered by Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) and runs on a 1.4GHz quad-core processor with 2GB RAM.Specifications of Galaxy Note 10.1 are as below:Display: 10.1-inch PLS TFT (Transistor Liquid Crystal) touchscreen, 1280x800 pixel resolution, with S Pen, multitouch and multiscreen compatibilityOperating system: Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich)Processor: 1.4GHz quad-core processorRAM: 2GBCamera: 5MP rear camera with autofocus, geo-tagging and LED flash, captures video at 1080p@30fps; 1.9MP rear snapperMemory: 16, 32 and 64GB; upgradable up to 64GB via microSD cardConnectivity: Wi-Fi, 3G, LTE, Bluetooth 4.0, USB 2.0, MHL, infraredPre-loaded apps: Smart Stay, Adobe Photoshop Touch, S Note, S Planner, Shape Match, Formula Match, My Story etc", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15514777", "title": "Manipal Digital Systems gets new GM", "text": "MANGALORE: Harikrishna Bhat has come on board Manipal Digital Systems Pvt. Ltd. (MDS) as General Manager - Japan Relations. Bhat will be responsible for business development from the highly potential Japanese market.MDS is pre-media and new-media services provider and a subsidiary of The Manipal Group. MDS enjoys partnerships with leading global companies in a wide spectrum of industries including printing, publishing, digital media, cataloging, packaging and retail.An engineer by education, Bhat has a strong background in Technology and upon completion of his post graduation worked for Japanese Hi-Tech companies for sixteen years handling both Japanese domestic and International sales.Gautham Pai, MD, Manipal Technologies said: Bhat was an obvious choice when we looked at Japanese market for his ability to deliver results consistently under challenging situations and his strong relationship with Japanese customers.About this new assignment Bhat said he was very excited since MDS has India's best artists and experts in pre-media and graphic arts applications. Such proven track record in delivering high quality offshore services will help Japanese companies to save valuable time and money,'' he added. Bhat hails from Udupi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509611", "title": "Entries open for Kala Academy contest", "text": "PANAJI: The last date for submission of entries for the 38th tiatr contest of Kala Academy is August 17, before 4pm. Entry forms are available at the reception counter of Kala Academy during office hours on working days. The programme sequence will be decided on August 17 by draw of lots in the presence of representatives of the institutions. Five days time will be given for withdrawal of entries.Lecture series by Charles Correa Foundation: The Charles Correa Foundation will host a lecture series at the central library, Patto-Panaji, to provide a platform to focus on 'relevant issues that impact Goa'. The first one will be held on August 17, at 6pm. Ketak Nachinolkar will speak on 'Heritage Conservation-approach and right practices'.Bicholim urban coop bank's silver jubilee: Bicholim urban coop bank, Bicholim, will hold its silver jubilee programme on August 16 at 4.30pm, at its premises. Bicholim MLA Naresh Sawal will be the chief guest, while the bank's chairperson, Anisha Vernekar, will be the guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15518204", "title": "Micromax launches Superfone Pixel A90", "text": "Micromax has rolled out a new Android powered touchscreen smartphone on August 17, 2012. The Micromax Superfone Pixel A90, along with the Superfone Canvas A100, is the latest in the series of feature-rich mobile phones launched by the Indian firm. This dual-sim phone has been launched at a price of Rs 12,990 in the domestic market.The A90 features a 4.3-inch SuperAmoled touchscreen and is powered by Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich). The device runs on a 1GHz processor coupled with 512MB RAM, 8 megapixel (MP) rear camera with LED flash and 0.3MP front facing camera. It will be able to support microSD card up to 32GB capacity. Connectivity suite of the device includes Wi-Fi, 2G, 3G, Bluetooth 3.0 with A2DP and microUSB 2.0. It comes pre-installed with Aisha, Micromax's propreitary digital voice assistant.Key specs of the Micromax Superfone A90 are as follows:Display: 4.3-inch SuperAmoled; Operating system: Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich); Processor: 1GHz; RAM: 512MB; and Camera: 8MP with LED flash in rear, 0.3MP in front", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513954", "title": "R-Patz disassociates himself from tabloid stories", "text": "Robert Pattinson has revealed that he has a \"total disassociation\" with stories about his personal life because so many of the reports are pure speculation.The British actor made headlines last month, when his Twilight co-star and long-time girlfriend Kristen Stewart confessed to an \"indiscretion\" with married director Rupert Sanders behind his back.Although the revelation appears to have ended the young couple's three-year romance, the 26-year-old is refusing to let the personal heartache interfere with his promotional duties for his new film 'Cosmopolis', and has sat down for interviews as scheduled this week, Contactmusic reported.During an appearance on chat show 'Hln's Showbiz Tonight', which aired on Tuesday night, the actor admitted that he tries to take no notice of stories written about him.\"Since the first Twilight, you enter this kind of realm where... you get stuff reported about you, and it's weird,\" he said.\"You start having a total disassociation. I don't talk about that (personal life), loads of people just make it up anyway - it doesn't make any difference,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15512944", "title": "Team of health department finds mosquito larvae in tyres at Transport Nagar", "text": "LUDHIANA: Teams from the health department recently visited Tyre market opposite railway station and tyre shops in the Transport Nagar here and found many tyres containing stagnant rain water having larvae of Aedes mosquitoes in different stages of development.Civil Surgeon Ludhiana, Dr Subhash Batta said that these mosquitoes breed in fresh stagnant water and are responsible for the spread of Dengue fever in the city. He added that after being informed of the dangers of the mosquitoes breeding in the tyres, the president of the tyre dealers association has assured the full cooperation of the members of the association in taking preventive steps.Civil Surgeon said that the team members also stressed on the market association on the importance of keeping tyre under covers so that rain water does not accumulate in these tyres. He added that the teams sprayed larvicidal drugs in the tyres and also imparted awareness to the owners of the tyre shops to take effective steps so that breeding of mosquitoes should be checked so as to prevent spread of Dengue fever in the city. The teams from the health department will carryout anti larvae and anti adult mosquitoes in the localities identified.The Civil surgeon Ludhiana said that the finding of larvae of Aedes mosquitoes is very serious issue as it gives signals for the coming days that Dengue cases might show an upsurge during the coming days. He made an appeal to the residents of the city particularly persons dealing with the tyres and scrap that they should take effective measures against collection of rain water in various containers especially in the tyres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15511144", "title": "Moderate path is roadmap for China Muslims", "text": "NEW DELHI: Muslim organizations in China advocate \"moderate Islam\" as a foil to extremist influences that have seen disruptions in the Chinese province of Xinjiang where Uighurs have clashed with authorities.The intervention of Muslim organizations is intended to emphasize Islam's universal values and impart a lesson of tolerance, said Adilijian Ajikelimu, vice-president of the Islamic association of China. He said China's Muslim organizations try to keep a check on growing extremism by holding regular meetings with the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515427", "title": "Hindi films preferred over Marathi in Mumbai multiplexes", "text": "? Though understandably Mumbai is a metropolitan city, local language of the state cannot be put on the backseat, says Marathi film fraternity. But unfortunately, multiplexes in the city have been playing tricks with Marathi filmmakers by not allowing prime time shows and screens and giving prominence to some big banner Hindi films. This has resulted in non availability of screens for Marathi films. As per the guidelines by state Government issued to all multiplexes in Maharashtra, one screen is supposed to be reserved for Marathi films.But, with great difficulty, Marathi films manage to get one show at few multiplexes and that too in the morning or afternoon hours. Last time Mr. Raj Thackeray had reminded multiplex owners to make one screen available for Marathi cinema and that too at prime time. But, it seems that there is no change in the attitude of many multiplex owners. Even the State Government, doesn't seem to be bothered about this discrimination.The recent example is about the latest released film 'Bharatiya'. This film is released by Mr. Abhijit Gholap, who has already one National award for his debut film 'Deool' last year. 'Bharatiya' was released on Friday 10th August and before completion of one week, PVR Cinemas were getting ready to release 'Ek Tha Tiger' on Wednesday, 15th August, making maximum screens available for this new Hindi film with a big banner. This was certainly an injustice to a Marathi film, which was drawing good crowd.The film's team, therefore, decided to meet the management of PVR and they received support from MNS Chitrapat Wing headed by Amey Khopkar, who also agreed to accompany them to PVR Lower Parel Management office. In the meanwhile, Shiv Sena Chitrapat Shakha headed by Mr. Panse also joined the agitation and met the management separately, requesting them not to remove the film 'Bharatiya' for the sake of accommodating more screens for 'Ek Tha Tiger'.When Mr. Amey Khopkar and Ms. Shalini Thackeray walked in with their delegation at PVR Lower Parel, the producer of the film joined him to the management office, to discuss the issue. And they succeeded in getting an assurance from the management that the film 'Bharatiya' will not be removed from 15th August 2012, to accommodate the new Hindi film. After their meeting, Mr. Amey Khopkar of MNS Chitrapat Wing, spoke to the media and made it very clear that they received written assurance from the management about not removing 'Bharatiya' from their multiplex on 15th August. \"But, in case, they fail to keep their promise, we will deal them in our own way. This is also a message to other multiplex owners.\" he said.The entire team of 'Bharatiya' was present to lodge their protest to the management. To support them, Mr. Mahesh Kothare and Mr. Shrirang Godbole were also present on the occasion. Mr. Mahesh Kothare while speaking to the media, said that it was a pity that in the state of Maharashtra, Marathi films have to fight for their rights. \"Just go to other states in south and you will not find such interference from Hindi films. Over there, they have screens in multiplexes reserved for their local language films,\" he pointed out.Mr. Shrirang Godbole explained that the Marathi films have been doing extremely well these days and cited an example of Mahesh Manjrekar's film 'Kaksparsha' which had completed 100 days. \"This particular film 'Bharatiya' is made by none other than a person who won National award for his previous film 'Deool'. Isn't that an insult to him, when his latest film also is based on national integration and is drawing good crowd?\" he questioned.Others who lodged their strong protest against the attitude of Multiplex owners were Jitendra Joshi, Makarand Anaspure and Meeta Savarkar. They all were of the opinion that other multiplex owners should also follow what PVR management had agreed and keep one screen exclusively for Marathi films and that too at prime time. Surprisingly, besides Mahesh Kothare and Shrirang Godbole, no other Marathi film makers were present to support this fight against injustice to Marathi films.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15521995", "title": "Maharashtra moves closer to direct cash subsidy model", "text": "MUMBAI: In a step towards introducing the direct cash subsidy model, the state government has decided to introduce an online system for linking their unique identification (UID) numbers to ration cards and LPG connections.The online application will be available in Mumbai, Pune, Nagpur, Wardha and Amravati from next week onwards, state officials informed.To enroll, a person would be required to key SRDH MYUID and SMS it to 9222200022.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and UID chief Nandan Nilenkeni reviewed the progress of UID work in the state on August 13.The state has plans to use UID numbers to transfer cash directly into the accounts of beneficiaries of state and national schemes. Chavan said that the state had plans to adopt the model universally for all welfare schemes.To facilitate this, the Reserve Bank of India has asked banks to use UID numbers extensively for opening of bank accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511120", "title": "Civic body will test low rates bid by many civil work contractors", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation ( BMC) will conduct a 'viability test' of low rates bid by civil work contract contractors. All the 31 contractors have been instructed to carry out petty civil works at rates quoted by them. The work will be monitored by an external agency-to be finalized in few days-and the civic vigilance department. The two monitoring agencies will submit their reports by August-end.Municipal commissioner Sitaram Kunte told TOI, \"The contractors will be told to complete few works from the civil work contract items; they will be given Rs 5 cr. But they claim that they can finish the work with Rs 2 cr. Let them prove that they can do the work at their rates and I will then take a decision.\" Contractors must provide supporting documents, with authentic invoices of materials procured. \"We will check supporting documents,\" Kunte added.Additional municipal commissioner Manisha Mhaiskar told TOI, \"We will decide whether to hand over the work to the new contractors after the viability test.\" The new contractors are expected to begin work in October as the existing batch was given an extension till September. The old contract expired on March 31, but was given two extensions by the civic standing committee. \"We will have adequate time for mobilization before the new contractors begin work,\" added Mhaiskar.TOI had reported (May 17) that the contractors, known to submit inflated bills for the smallest of projects, had bid abnormally low-40-60%-for petty civil works in 24 wards and at four hospitals. Nearly 116 contractors had bid for the ward-level contracts (2012-14). The maximum low bids were from the eastern and western suburbs (50-60%). In the island city, the bids were a shade better (40-50%).A note by BMC's chief accountant (finance) Ram Dhas earlier this year to the director (engineering services), additional commissioners and commissioner stated how contractors carrying out petty/minor work were, in connivance with ward staff and corporators, getting budgetary provisions made for unnecessary works.Former civic chief Subodh Kumar had appointed a two-member panel to overhaul the system, and after this, a slew of measures were introduced. After reducing civil work contracts from 110 to 31, the civic body told contractors to submit bills within 15 days of completion of the work or face a 5% deduction in payment; no payment will be made if he fails to submit them within 45 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517809", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger collects Rs 32 crores on day one", "text": "As expected, Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger has opened to superlative response at the box-office.The business is so humungous that it has broken all earlier records of other top grosser including his own films.If early estimates are to be believed, the film has collected Rs 32 crores. The last biggest record for the first day collection was for Agneepath which collected Rs 22 crores. That film released on Republic Day and this one has released on Independence Day.Most theatres had occupancy in the range of 70-100%. The multiple shows running in multiplexes helped the business grow by the show. The film has opened equally good in multiplexes as well as single screens. And while at that this is just the day one figures.Trade circles are upbeat that the business would be steady, if not better, and everyone is keenly looking forward to the extended first weekend collections. That could be another record-breaking figure!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516654", "title": "Ban horse-drawn carriage, urges 'Jism 2' team", "text": "On behalf of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA) India, Jism 2 writer Mahesh Bhatt, director Pooja Bhatt , lyric writer, music producer and background score composer Munish Makhija, co-producer Dino Morea , actors Sunny Leone, Arunoday Singh and Jism 2 music director Arko Pravo Mukerjee have fired off an urgent letter to Prithviraj Chavan, the chief minister of Maharashtra, urging him to immediately ban the use of horse-drawn carriages in Mumbai.In the letter, the Jism 2 team points out that the horses are forced to haul heavy loads and are driven beyond their capacity to the point of collapse. The team also explains that passengers, drivers and pedestrians are injured and sometimes killed when the carriages and horses are involved in accidents.\"Forcing horses to haul carriages in Mumbai, where they create a traffic nuisance, is inherently cruel; horses routinely collapse, and people have died from the accidents the horses cause\", reads the letter. \"It is high time to put horse carriages out to pasture for good,\" it further stated.The letter also explains that the Bombay High Court's order to have NGOs bring ill and injured horses to the executive health officer's notice, and then be given veterinary care before being pressed back into service, is woefully inadequate. That's because the horses will be forced to resume pulling heavy loads, only to fall ill or get injured again, and the cycle of suffering will continue. However recently, it's been shown that despite this order, inspections are not even being permitted. A team consisting of equine veterinarians from NGOs PETA and Animal Rahat were harassed and stopped from conducting inspections of the horses used to haul carriages in Mumbai by the horse carriage owners, drivers and their lawyer despite holding written authorization from the Animal Welfare Board of India, a statutory body under the Ministry of Environment and Forests, to conduct the inspection.Horses used to pull carriages are routinely forced to haul passengers above the legal limit in all weather extremes and are often wounded, lame or injured and frequently denied adequate rest, food, water and veterinary care. They are kept in filthy, damp and illegal stables infested with biting insects and strewn with faeces.The following is the exact content of the letter sent to the Maharashtra CM by the Jism 2 team:Dear Chief Minister, We are so deeply concerned about the welfare of the horses used to pull carriages in Mumbai that we felt compelled to interrupt our Jism 2 promotion schedule to join our friends at PETA in imploring you to put an immediate stop to cruel horse-drawn carriage rides in Mumbai. The Bombay High Court's recent decision to have non-governmental organisations and the Animal Welfare Board of India bring ill and injured horses to the Executive Health Officer's attention so that they can receive veterinary care only to be put back on the streets, where they will become ill and injured again, will just keep the horses in a perpetual cycle of suffering. Forcing horses to haul carriages in Mumbai is inherently cruel, as the horses routinely collapse from exhaustion. They're also a traffic nuisance, and people have even died from accidents caused by horse-drawn carriages. It is high time to put horse carriages out to pasture - for good.PETA investigators have documented how horses used to pull carriages in Mumbai are forced to stand for hours, given no protection from the scorching-hot sun or driving rain and beaten and whipped in order to force them to work when they are exhausted. The horses are often malnourished and are fed unhealthy food and given dirty drinking water - if they receive any food or water at all. The illegal stables they are kept in are often damp, filthy, filled with accumulated faeces and urine and swarming with flies and other biting insects.The only humane solution for the horses is a permanent ban on forcing them to haul carriages. Along with growing numbers of concerned people, we hope to hear soon that you will be working to implement a ban on horse-drawn carriage rides throughout Mumbai. Please reply to us via PETA India's Sachin Bangera atSachinB@petaindia.org Yours sincerely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "rangiya", "code": "15513636", "title": "Assam: Fresh incidents of violence reported in the state", "text": "RANGIYA: Fresh incidents of violence have been reported in Assam's Baksa and Kamrup (Rural) districts where unidentified persons set ablaze a car, a bus and a wooden bridge.Baksa, in lower Assam and under Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD), was one of the districts affected in the recent clashes between Bodos and minorities that have claimed 77 lives so far.In an incident related to these clashes, a car was set ablaze at Gandhibari in Baksa district on Wednesday night and its driver, Sahidul Hussain, has been missing since then.The car was returning from Baksa to Rangiya in neighbouring Kamrup (Rural) district.After the news reached Rangiya, angry local residents blocked NH-31 at Udiana Chowk under Rangiya police station since early Thursday morning to protest against the incident, sources said.During the blockade, some people set ablaze a bus going towards Guwahati at Bhatkuchi and a wooden bridge at Kekahati, both under Rangiya police station.Police fired in the air to disperse the protesters who scattered for some time only to return again and tension prevails in the area, the sources said.Senior police and civil officials have rushed to the spot, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15509252", "title": "Two kids brutally murdered", "text": "JAIPUR: Two children were brutally murdered at their house near Gaitore Ki Chatari area under Nahargarh police station area on Tuesday noon allegedly by a person who was staying in their house. According to the police, the kids were targeted as they were not allowing the man for boozing. They have also not ruled out illicit relationship of the accused with the mother of the kids.The blood-stained bodies of the two children, Shubhpratap Singh (13) and Deepshikha (11) were found lying on the bed of their room. Their father Manjit Singh was stunned to see the bodies after reaching home in the afternoon. Raising an alarm, he immediately informed the police.Preliminary investigations suggest that one Vijay Singh who was known to Manjit (father of the kids) is possibly behind the murder since he is missing after the incident.On the reasons behind the murder, PC Bhaskar, circle inspector, Nahargarh, said: \"Based on the information collected by our team through neighbours, it was found that Vijay was highly alcoholic and his habit was resisted by the kids. Some days ago, he had even slapped one of the kids when the later asked him not to booze. It could be the possible reason of murder.\"However, senior officers said that it could be one of the reasons but not the main one.\"There is an unconfirmed information that Vijay was having an illicit relationship with the wife of Manjit Singh. They were caught in a compromising position by the kids. There is a possibility that in a fear that kids might share it with their father, he has eliminated the children,\" said an officer.\"The victims sustained serious injuries on the abdomen and neck. It appears that they were stabbed by some sharp-edged weapons.A team was constituted to look for the whereabouts of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15510032", "title": "A house that shaped history, now lost", "text": "COIMBATORE: A bumpy ride through a mud road snaking through thick outgrowth of bushes and thorny shrubs lead to an enclosure dotted with modest homes. The fairly recent settlement does not bear any evidence of the areas' revolutionary past.Kokkaali Thottam near Ondipudur was once the epicentre of anti-colonial operations against the British Empire. Freedom fighters from Ondipudur used to hold secret meetings here and the place was also a much sought-after hideout. \"There was a small house inside Kokkaali Thottam, where NGR (N G Ramasamy) and our supporters used to meet and plan our strikes at the British forces. The landscape of the entire area has drastically changed now and the old house has made way for new buildings,\" said S Ramasamy alias Bu Bu Ramu, who was jailed during the Quit India movement.A majority of people residing at Kokkaali Thottam are unaware of the historical significance of the locality, though a few recollected the old house that was pulled down a few months ago. A new concrete structure has come up adjacent to the site where the house, which sheltered many nationalists in the pre-independence era.\"I have no idea about the significance of the house or our Kokkaali Thottam. Like most of us here, I remember the old house that stood here until eight month back. Nobody was staying there and it was in a bad condition,\" said R Vani, a housewife.NGR, a firebrand trade union leader, who led many a struggle against the British forces in Ondipudur and eastern parts of Coimbatore, held his last meeting in Kokkali Thottam. The British captured him a day after on August 11, 1942 when a group of nationalists from Ondipudur ambushed a goods train which was carrying ammunition for the British forces, near Singanallur. \"NGR was captured from Sowdeshwari temple in Ondipudur where he had gone to offer his prayers early in the morning after attending a secret meeting at Kokkaali Thottam,' Bu Bu Ramu added.Kokkaali Thottam as the name suggests had lot of lush foliage and was in the midst of sugarcane fields in the 1940s. So it served as an ideal hideout for the freedom fighters.The Kannampalayam temple a few kilometres away from Ondipudur was another hideout and it is said that the attack on Sulur airbase was organised here. The surviving freedom fighters and a few members of the Gandhi Kamraj Seva Sangham, an organisation catering to the needs of freedom fighters from Ondipudur region, is planning to construct a memorial for freedom fighters from the region at some available spot in Kokkaali Thottam in the next two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15519696", "title": "The sad story of an IT powerhouse called Bangalore", "text": "If you decide to move to Bangalore, you should ask the state's political bosses a few questions.1. Will you welcome me even if I am not a Kannadiga? 2. If there is an assault on my gated community by vested interests, will you take action swiftly? 3. If there is a (lawful) party at my place, will I be shielded from vigilante fringe groups? 4. Will you ensure local politicians, primarily MLAs and corporators, do not harass me on civic issues? 5. Will you also ensure protection to people from the northeast? 6. In short, will you enforce law and order?These six questions may be applied in different forms to different states across the country, but Karnataka is on the verge of getting a lead medal (the worst performance) for lawlessness. Perhaps the people of Bangalore expect too much since they are credited with global mindsets and, therefore, global benchmarks in every activity that entails citizens and officials. But what's wrong in demanding peace and order? What's wrong in setting a higher benchmark?Mangalore is a basket case in lawlessness. If there were a global program to aid and revive morally depraved regions of the world, then Mangalore would mop it all up. There has been no effort by the state BJP government since the first vigilante attack in 2009 and the second one a few days ago, to take action. Curiously, political leaders have made socially irresponsible statements blaming the youth for partying and pointing fingers at communities that are threatening Hindutva.Noted writer UR Ananthamurthy was asked a question by TOI about the latest Mangalore attack: \"Does modern urban culture clash with the idea of Hindu culture as proposed by the BJP and the Parivar?\" Here's what Ananthamurthy said: \"Both BJP and Parivar have a puritanical version which is not Hindu, but fanatic, as it happened before enlightenment. This puritanical version comes from their desire to build a nation where people have no individuality ... The youngsters went to Morning Mist (the homestay) for their own party and they have every right to do so, with the consent of their families. In India, the same girl may wear jeans one day and sari the next, and the two cultures coexist well.\"If you underline Ananthamurthy's observation, it's obvious the BJP is trying to impose its kind of law and order in Karnataka. Yes, there are enough people who will subscribe to the BJP's version of law. But if law and order is generously laced with ideology, and interpreted accordingly, then we are tasting anarchy.When a political party sets its mind on short-term goals, the best you can expect from it is prevarication, deflection, and lack of purpose. It forgets its social and moral obligations to civil society. Unhappiness and fear in civil society can have a cascading impact on sentiment and investment. But who cares for civil society? Who cares for the state's ultimate goodwill ambassador? By calling the Mangalore attacks as \"talibanization of culture\", we are trying to categorize the crimes in a global template. By \"talibanizing\" goondaism, we are insulating it with ideology.Mangalore 1 and 2 (the two attacks in Mangalore) have become the moral coordinates for the state's resolve to cap lawlessness. Since the BJP-ruled state has sought ideological refuge in fanaticism, why should anyone believe the government's intent, however serious, to ensure law and order?On India's 65th birthday, hundreds of northeasterners (some reckon thousands) decided to flee Bangalore. They said they had been threatened and attacked. SMSes have been doing the rounds warning them of the dangers that await them in Bangalore. A Tibetan was attacked near Mysore. But the state government decided to act only when Bangalore's railway stations saw an exodus-like situation. You can call this intelligence failure. Or, you can call it a political impasse.The city of Bangalore owes its economic success to northeasterners who man its security, run its hospitality, and fill the service gaps that make's the city tick.It's sad we cannot convince them that Bangalore is safe. It's also sad we can't tell our girls that Mangalore is safe too. Both events have a common link: a state administration that is scared to act. It is scared to act because it is ideologically compromised and administratively deficient. Questions about law and order have already been raised by a concerned chief justice and the governor.Next time you think of Bangalore as a global city, swallow this by Benjamin Disraeli: \"A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest; Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem; and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.\"And, Bangalore? An IT city that is trying to negotiate peace for its citizens? Surely, Bangalore is sprinting backwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "it is erik johnson's fourth visit to india in the last nine months and the head of sales for asia-pacific at facebook describes it as among the fastest growing and the most exciting markets for the social networking website. in an interview with toi, johnson highlights why india is a thriving market for facebook and why, despite a tanking stock price since its ipo this year, the company has little reasons to be worried. excerpts", "code": "15518581", "title": "'At Facebook, we say the journey is 1% finished'", "text": "It is Erik Johnson's fourth visit to India in the last nine months and the head of sales for Asia-Pacific at Facebook describes it as among the fastest growing and the most exciting markets for the social networking website. In an interview with TOI, Johnson highlights why India is a thriving market for Facebook and why, despite a tanking stock price since its IPO this year, the company has little reasons to be worried. Excerpts:What fraction of Facebook's total user base are Indians and how fast is this number growing?India is a large country and so we have great expectations from this market. Currently there are 955 million Facebook users and India accounts for 50 million of them. We had our first 'log out' advertisement run here which we have done for a big FMCG company in India. We are working on building a team here, and connecting with brands which do not have as much social presence. It is a very important market not just for us but any company that wants to be successful.India is a fast growing economy and people are more accustomed to change and are tech-savvy. A lot of change is going on everywhere in the world but in India it is happening a lot faster and with more intensity. It's also very innovative for digital marketing. We would love it if everybody could have computers but good thing is we have solution on feature and smartphones.Online payments and use of paid applications in India is still not that common. With India accounting for a significant user base for Facebook, what alternative revenue sources do you plan to use in India and such other countries?We have had a good growth in India on the user front. We see good traction in terms of engagement with advertisers as well. We are aware of the challenges. Payment infrastructure in India is probably not robust as it is in other markets. But we are focussed on all dimensions from a business point of view.Your financial results after the IPO were quite disappointing...First and the most important thing is to see the commitment the company has for the long term. At Facebook we say the journey is 1% finished. Our growth still feels good. We are just at the beginning of the social web campaign and there is a lot of work we have to do for corporate users and brands. The earning announcement brings some good information. It shows that we clearly see shift towards mobile and that's something we are focussed on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15512808", "title": "Don Bosco Shelter celebrates silver jubilee", "text": "Mumbai: Shelter Don Bosco, a centre for homeless children at Wadala in Mumbai, celebrated its silver jubilee earlier this week. The centre began its journey with the an outreach programme in 1987 after a bunch of Good Samaritans realised that a large number of children who are forced to make the streets their home are deprived of dignity, security and a caring family. Apart from caring for their basic needs, the shelter aims to instill in the children a sense of belonging and a feeling that somebody cares. This was the reason that prompted actor Boman Irani, former India hockey ace Mir Ranjan Negi and actress Deepal Shaw to mark the silver jubilee at the Press Club Monday. Shelter director Fr Roger Jones addressed the gathering as did inmates who shared their testimonies. Shelter Don Bosco has lined up a series of programmes that starts with the opening of the Jubilee Year and launch of the prestigious Project 25 on August 16. Through the year there will be get-togethers, a peace march, fun fairs and a special function to express gratitude to donors. Most of all, Project 25 will help rescue, rehab (rehabilitate) and restore children from the streets who need care and protection, and also children in conflict with the law. The festivities will end with a gala closing ceremony at Shanmukhananda Hall on March 2, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514298", "title": "Darshan absent at Agraja launch", "text": "'Challenging' star Darshan did not attend the launch of 'Agraja' in which he is playing a special role. The entire muhurath and pooja was held in presence of many film industry dignitaries including veteran directors like SV Rajendra Singh Babu and Kashinath. It was explained by the film's producer that Darshan was recouping from illness.However, Darshan has a completely different story to tell. \"I came from Switzerland on Tuesday night at 12.00 P.M. Because of jet lag and shooting back pain , I could not sleep till 4.30 P.M I took some pain killers and was able to sleep from 4.30 and got up only in the afternoon. Since my family members knew about the severe backpain problem, they did not disturb my sleep. Even my assistant Mallikarjuna did not try to disturb the sleep. When I got up I telephoned the people connected to Agraja and explained the position. I could not do anything as I had gone against the doctor's advise to take up Switzerland flight to participate in the shooting of the two song sequences,\" said Darshan. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "15510116", "title": "\u2018Negligence\u2019 kills five infants at Tirupati hospital", "text": "TIRUPATI: Five infants died at the S V R Ruia Government General Hospital in Tirupati on Wednesday due to alleged negligence and lack of adequate medical infrastructure. The deaths come three weeks after three babies died due to inadequate oxygen supply. Andhra Pradesh chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy has ordered a probe.Unconfirmed reports put the death toll at 12 as seven infants reportedly died on Tuesday evening.Parents and family members alleged non-availability of senior doctors and negligence for the deaths and staged a dharma in front of the hospital demanding action against the doctors. \"It is high time the government took stringent action against the doctors and the hospital. How many more children should die for them to respond?\" said Neelam Kumar, a parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15520944", "title": "Recurring law and order problems in Karnataka worries BJP government", "text": "BANGALORE: Already faced with failing law and order , the unrest among the northeast students in Karnataka has added to the growing headaches for the one-month-old Jagadish Shettar government.Put on the mat in the state assembly recently by opposition parties over attack on girls at a home stay in Mangalore allegedly by Hindu Jagaran Vedike activists, the BJP government faces another toughest challenge as northeast people continued to flee Bangalore.While Karnataka has been witness to minor communal riots, church attacks and moral policing in the past four years of BJP government, the state was by and large peaceful. But unlike the Mangalore attack, state government this time did handle the situation satisfactorily by making an early attempt in assuring northeast students that their security is a priority for the government.It even went to an extent of deputing home minister R Ashoka and DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau to the Bangalore railway station to appeal to the students not to panic and leave.But what they stood exposed is in intelligence gathering that could have prevented the situation in first place. Considered to be the eyes and ears of the state government, the intelligence officers and men deployed for assimilating and analysing information from fields as diverse as crime, politics, business and trade unions. So important is the department that the additional police commissioner heading it directly briefs the chief minister every morning.But the intelligence wing reportedly had no clue about students making enmase decision to leave Bangalore till they got information from the railway police. Police sources say that the intelligence relies heavily on wiretaps and human intelligence and they are not sophisticated enough to know the speculations that emerge from modern mediums like SMSs or facebook.The Intelligence failure was also true in case of the attack on Tibetan Youth who was stabbed reportedly perceiving him to be from northeast. Following the incident, police stepped up security at Tibetan settlements at Bylakuppe and Gurupur in Mysore district as a precautionary measure. Had the government reacted in time soon after the communal violence in Assam , this unfortunate incident would not have happened,'' said a senior congress leader.Seniors officers in the home department fear that a repeat of such incidents could seriously jeopardize the Jagadish Shettar government. This is serious and the government seems to be faltering,'' said one official known for his proximity to Shettar.Intelligence officers on the other hand blame the government for the mess, saying frequent transfers and then cancellation of the transfer orders had hit the morale of the force. In the last four years rule that saw three chief ministers at the hem, state government has transferred more than 3,000 police officials righ from IPS to the sub-inspector level. Other than this, a former IPS officer rued, loyalty to the ruling party was being given preference over experience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15509129", "title": "Brunello surprises in Independence Million", "text": "PUNE: Mansingh Jadhav-schooled gelding Brunello, a 15/1 shot, recorded his second successive win in five days to claim the PRA Independence Million, the feature event of the Wednesday's Pune races. Bezan Chenoy-trained filly Neath, the favourite, failed to have any impact as her saddle slipped half-way.Among professionals, trainers Narendra Lagad and Karthik G scored a double each while jockey B Sreekanth registered two victories.Results with Mumbai/Pune dividends1. Oriental Express Plate (1000m): Star Goddess 1, National Glory 2, Dictator 3, Daffodils 4. 3-1/2, 1-3/4, 1/2. T:1:00.34. Tote: Rs 19 for win; 11, 18 for places; Shp: 31; Fc: 33; Q: 33; Tanala: 84 and 25.2. Antonios Trophy (1400m): Amadeus 1, Cent Per Cent 2, Pepe Junior 3, Nefyn 4. Shd, 2-1/2, 3-1/4. T:1:25.94. Tote: Rs 30 for win; 13, 10 for places; Shp: 36; Fc: 31; Q: 14; Tanala: 47 and 43.3. Pune Sub-Area Trophy-Div-II (1200m): Angels Tern 1, Sterling Silver 2, Mable 3, Seen It All 4. 1, 6-1/4, 1/2. T:1:12.04. Tote: Rs 65 for win; 17, 12, 16 for places; Shp: 39; Fc: 156; Q: 67; Tanala: 231 and 145.4. Pune Sub-Area Trophy-Div-I (1200m): Forest Legion 1, Mountain Song 2, Relic Hunter 3, Mzima 4. 2-1/4, nk, 1-1/4. T:1:12.38. Tote: Rs 61 for win; 17, 39, 13 for places; Shp: 130; Fc: 790; Q: 1024; Tanala: 3073 and 542.5. Governor's Gold Cup-Div-II (1200m): Marengo 1, Bucharest 2, Barringo 3, Sariska 4. 2-3/4, shd, 1-1/2. T:1:12.52. Tote: Rs 93 for win; 16, 11, 13 for places; Shp: 25; Fc: 418; Q: 93; Tanala: 496 and 224.6. Governor's Gold Cup-Div-I (1200m): Brynhill 1, Rembrandt 2, Woven Dreams 3, Ice Empire 4. 3-1/2, nk, hd. T:1:12.54. Tote: Rs 46 for win; 15, 18, 33 for places; Shp: 50; Fc: 181; Q: 72; Tanala: 2326 and 1178.7. PRA Independence Million (2000m): Brunello 1, Tara 2, Lorelei 3, Celestial Call 4. 5-1/4, hd, 1-1/2. T:2:08.68. Tote: Rs 194 for win; 45, 38, 19 for places; Shp: 118; Fc: 766; Q: 1152; Tanala: 10395 and 5197.8. Thanda Plate (1200m): Queens Kiss 1, Miracle Of Mercy 2, Domain Anna 3, Cuba 4. 1, 4-1/2, 1/2. T:1:13.40. Tote: Rs 25 for win; 15, 29, 101 for places; Shp: 72; Fc: 306; Q: 118; Tanala: 3857 and 4133.9. B K Lagad Memorial Gold Trophy (1000m): Ishpingo 1, Emerging Star 2, Emerald Valley 3, Greatness 4. 3/4, 1-1/2, 1-1/2. T:1:01.02. Tote: Rs 22 for win; 11, 17, 35 for places; Shp: 47; Fc: 104; Q: 84; Tanala: 516 and 210.10. Eau De Vie Plate (1600m): That's My Master 1, Adams Prince 2, Ashwa Yodhaa 3, Kaskazi 4. 5-1/2, 2-1/2, 2-3/4. T:1:41.98. Tote: Rs 31 for win; 15, 28 for places; Shp: 41; Fc: 148; Q: 85; Tanala: 424 and 173.1st Jackpot: 70% and 30% carried forward; 2nd Jackpot: 70% 19520 (38) &amp; 30% 2445 (130); Super Jackpot: 70% c/f &amp; 30% 20264 (7); 1st Treble: 2442 (6); 2nd Treble: 822 (23); 3rd Treble: 153 (208).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15520667", "title": "Capacity building workshop for women", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A capacity building workshop for the women members was organized at Centre for Research in Rural and Industrial Development (CRRID). Anil Kumar , home secretary cum secretary, local self government has inaugurated the workshop.He said that the north Indian states like Punjab, Haryana, J&K;, and Himachal Pradesh could not be able to achieve success in the field of Self Help Groups, Micro Enterprises and Community Development due to certain reasons.In his address, he emphasized to converge the 12 functioning CDS into other social development programmes being implemented at Chandigarh by other line department.Vivek Pratap Singh Commissioner Municipal Corporation Chandigarh said that the Poverty Cell will undertake the poverty alleviation programme in a more vigorous way by way of introducing certified training institutions.He emphasized that we will try to strengthen the govt. machinery in this field. Singh said that even if the budget of poverty alleviation programme is not much in comparison with other department of Municipal Corporation but the work of poverty alleviation programme is of utmost importance to him. About160 women members were trained in two batches in the field of community and resource mobilization.All the 12 groups demonstrated the Issues, local Solutions and their vision concerning poverty alleviation infront of the top brasses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510121", "title": "Double-decker train to Jaipur ready to roll", "text": "NEW DELHI: Those travelling to Jaipur from Delhi can look forward to a novel experience with the Railways ready with a double-decker, air-conditioned train on the route.Railway minister Mukul Roy was scheduled to flag off the double-decker train service to the Pink City from Sarai Rohilla station in Delhi on Thursday but the launch was postponed due to the death of Congress leader and Cabinet minister Vilasrao Deshmukh .The train, which will be a daily service, is expected to cover the distance between the national capital and Jaipur in five hours. Railway officials said the train will leave Sarai Rohilla at 5.35 pm and reach Jaipur at 10.05 pm. The train will leave Jaipur at 5.55 am on its return journey.The double-decker coach, being manufactured by the Kapurthala coach factory in Punjab, has a seating capacity of 120. Equipped with fully automatic doors, each coach has eight emergency windows and fire extinguishers near its door.The coaches have been designed keeping both safety and passenger comfort in mind, a senior railway official said. Also, each coach will have a mini-pantry including fridge and microwave.Railways got safety certification from the Commissioner of Railway Safety ( CRS) after meeting all requirements.The operation of a double-decker train is not new for Railways. In 2010, former railway minister Mamata Banerjee had flagged off an AC double-decker service between Dhanbad and Howrah.Double-decker services on Mumbai-Ahmedabad and Jaipur-Delhi routes were part of a slew of announcements in the railway budget 2011-12. But the services, the brainchild of Banerjee, failed to take off last year because of delay in manufacture of double-decker coaches and getting safety clearance.The double-decker service between Mumbai and Ahmedabad is also expected to be launched this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15509231", "title": "Government's decision to postpone crop assessment wrong: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: National president of BJP's Kisan Morcha, Om Prakash Dhankar, has accused the Ashok Gehlot government of shying away from its responsibility by denying that the state is facing a drought-like situation. Dhankar, who was in the state capital on Tuesday, also said that the state government's decision to postpone the crop assessment was wrong.\"Monsoon has been weak in the entire western coast and states like Karnataka, Maharashtra, Gujarat and Rajasthan are badly affected due to the weak South-Western monsoon. In certain districts, sowing was very poor while in others sowing was done multiple times, all adding to the farmers' expenditure. There is no question of denying the drought-like situation here but by accepting this, several responsibilities would fall on the state government, a situation it is trying to avoid here,'' said Dhankar, addressing a media briefing at the state headquarters.Dhankar demanded that the state government provide interest-free loans for a year to the farmers like the two BJP-ruled states. He also demanded that the interest on the current loans be waived of, diesel be provided at a subsidised rate and compensation be paid to the farmers as per the recommendations of the Swaminathan Commission. He added that the Centre should accept all demands of the state made in regard to drought relief.Dhankar presided over a meeting of the state unit of farmers' wing and reviewed the preparations for the upcoming rally against the UPA's nutrition-based subsidy policy on fertilizers in Delhi on August 20. More than 5,000 farmers are expected to participate in the rally scheduled to be held at Jantar Mantar.\"In 2008-09, the Centre was spending Rs 1 lakh crore on fertilizer subsidy while that figure in the last financial year dropped to Rs 63,000 crore. The government earlier would fix the prices while after this policy was introduced in April 2010, the rates for various fertilizers are fixed by the producers and distributors. The subsidy policy on decontrolling prices is anti-farmer,'' said Dhankar, who said that the BJP demands that the subsidy on fertilizers be handed over to the farmers directly rather than the producers and distributors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515846", "title": "Lady Gaga fires back at PETA critics", "text": "Lady Gaga has hit back at PETA, who slammed her for wearing fur outfits, saying that they needed to respect her right to wear whatever she wanted.She said that militant animal rights activists are \"childish\" and \"abusive.\"\"I want you to know that I care deeply about your feelings and views, and I will always support your philosophies about life,\" TMZ quoted her as saying in a statement.\"I do not however support violent, abusive, and childish campaigns for ANY CAUSE. Particularly one that I respect. 'Animal Rights.'\"I am choosing not to comment on whether or not the furs I purchase are faux fur-pile or real because I would think it hypercritical not to acknowledge the python, ostrich, cow hide, leather, lamb, alligator, 'kermit' and not to mention meat, that I have already worn.\"You see a carcass, I see a museum piece de resistance.\"\"I respect your views, please respect mine. And to campaigners, Save your flour to make bread for the children who are hungry. And Kim Kardashian is fabulous,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511100", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh: Only one who took on Congress's sugar barons", "text": "MUMBAI: Vilasrao Deshmukh belonged to the post-1970 aspirational class of Marathwada Congressmen, eager to take on the party's sugar barons from western Maharashtra.The 67-year-old Union minister for science and technology, who died in Chennai on Tuesday following a prolonged illness, was cremated with full state honours at Babhalgaon, his hometown in the Latur district in Marathwada, on Wednesday.Combining political pragmatism with administrative acumen, Deshmukh held the Maharashtra chief minister's office for eight long years in the early 2000s, cocking a snook at the Congress satraps from the Satara-Sangli-Ahmednagar belt. The cash-rich stretch has been an NCP stronghold since 1999, when Sharad Pawar parted ways with the Congress. Pawar's exit from the Congress gave Deshmukh almost a free hand in the state Congress.A Maharashtra Congress functionary and Deshmukh acolyte said, \"Vilasrao-ji's untimely death will surely leave a void in the state Congress, as none of the present leaders have his pan-Maharashtra appeal. They seem to be confined to their districts and constituencies. They also lack Vilasrao-ji's ability to defuse any intra-party crises.\"A protege of Shankarrao Chavan, the veteran Congress leader from Marathwada who was known for his administrative ability and stern ways, Deshmukh was clever enough not to inherit the dour-faced puritanism of his mentor. \"Deshmukh could easily disarm detractors. , both in the Congress and in the Opposition as well.He had an excellent rapport with Congress's grassroots workers. He knew that one doesn't need a sword to kill a fly,\" said a former minister who was Deshmukh's close associate.Like his guru, Deshmukh knew that all power lies with the Congress high command. Shankarrao's loyalty to the Gandhi-Nehru family was unflinching. Ditto with Vilasrao. His good rapport with 10, Janpath helped him in his hour of crisis. When his detractors in the Congress were targeting him in 2006-2007, Deshmukh would often jokingly remark, \"I am the chief minister of Maharashtra tonight as I prepare to sleep. I don't know what will happen tomorrow. Have faith and patience.\" Unfortunately, in his final battle, Deshmukh's patience deserted him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516007", "title": "We admire Indian music and culture very much: American band Korn", "text": "Their breakout album may have been titled Follow The Leader, but American band Korn is famously averse to following any sort of specific genre of music. And now, the band \u2014 comprising Jonathan Davis , James \"Munky\" Shaffer, Reginald\"Fieldy\" Arvizu and Ray Luzier \u2014 is set to embark on their first tour of India, which will include Bangalore.What are your expectations from your first tour of India?  Jonathan: Pure chaos! This is going to be our first-ever tour of India, so these shows will be unlike anything we've done. India has such an incredible metal scene and we couldn't be more excited to play (there).You have collaborated with artists like Ice Cube, Tre Hardson from Pharcyde and Fred Durst . Is there anyone else you'd like to work with?  Munky: Led Zeppelin , maybe? I know that would be impossible, but that would be our dream collaboration! Maybe Faith No More too.You have faced issues with internet piracy in the past, when your 2002 album Untouchables was leaked on the net. What needs to be done to protect the interests of artists in this sphere?  Ray: The world, technology, and how we consume music have all changed dramatically in the last 15 years. The music industry has to be willing to adapt, and fans should support the artists they love by doing the right thing.In an age of reality television and internet video sensations, do you think that the struggle that is so essential to create meaningful art has diminished and therefore affected the quality of music?  Ray: I think there are good and bad aspects to this. On one hand, the barrier of entry is lower and anyone can make music. I think that's great. You don't have to rely on gatekeepers to let an artist \"in\" to the industry. You can do it yourself and sell your music directly, all without the help of a label. On the other hand, there are so many artists out there, it's hard to keep track. But that said, I think it's great.You have always used diverse influences in your music, the most recent being dubstep in your latest album. Would you be open to using influences from Indian music in your work?  Fieldy: Absolutely. The Indian scales are so interesting and use a lot of different notes than what's used in western scales. We admire Indian music and culture very much.There has been much debate about the genre of music you play and you have consistently fought against being pigeonholed. Is it frustrating, however, to be constantly asked what kind of genre you play?  Fieldy: It's not frustrating. It is funny, though, that people often ask us about nu metal. Nu metal was a name that other people came up with to try and describe the rock bands at the time. We don't consider ourselves that at all \u2014 we enjoy heavy metal, funk, hip hop, electronic music, and many other genres. We don't concern ourselves with genres or labels \u2014 we just try to mash these types of music together to make something different.Are you planning on taking time out to do some sight-seeing while you're in India?  Jonathan: Absolutely! (It's) Such an incredible country with such rich history \u2014 I'm really looking forward to seeing the sights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510299", "title": "Nitish denies any tie-up with Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar was on Wednesday quoted by a magazine as saying that he will break his alliance with BJP if Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi is made its prime ministerial candidate and also that he was open to a post-poll tie-up with the Congress.The chief minister, however, immediately denied has having given any such interview and said that 'The Week', the magazine concerned, had removed it from the website. The Week maintained that the interview had been conducted. The magazine quoted Nitish, a senior JD(U) leader, as having said that he will discontinue his alliance with the BJP \"within minutes\" if Modi was made the prime ministerial candidate.The CM was also quoted as having said that if the Congress promises to meet his demands he was open to the idea of a post-poll tie-up with that party after the next Lok Sabha elections. General elections are due in 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509722", "title": "India boring border tunnels to take on China, Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is finally kick-starting the plan to build as many as 18 tunnels along the borders with Pakistan and China for faster troop mobility as well as storage of critical war-fighting assets like missiles, without the threat of detection by enemy satellites and spy drones.While preliminary work on seven tunnels is underway after requisite approvals, the construction of 11 more tunnels in Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Sikkim and Arunachal Pradesh is now on the drawing board after \"a strong endorsement'' by the Army.With China resorting to \"tunnelling in a big way'' to store important military equipment, the Army wants the tunnel construction plans in the mountains in J&K; and north-east to be fast-tracked. \"The tunnels will provide shelter to troops and ammunition from both enemy shelling and extreme weather. They can also be used for NBC (nuclear, chemical, biological) protection and establishing command and control centres,'' said a top official.Actual construction work is underway only in one of the 18 proposed tunnels. But, this long-delayed 8.82-km long horse-shoe shaped tunnel under the 13,400-feet Rohtang Pass , on the Manali-Sarchu-Leh axis, is unlikely to meet its completion deadline of February, 2015. Feasibility studies and preparation of detailed project reports (DPRs) for three more tunnels at Zozila, Z-Morh and Razdhan Pass in J&K; are in progress, while similar work is planned for Khardungla and Sadhana Pass in J&K; and Theng in Sikkim. The other proposed tunnels include Rangpo in Sikkim and on the Balipara-Charduar-Tawang axis in Arunachal Pradesh.The Army is anxious the existing large gaps in border infrastructure \u2014 in terms of all-weather roads, tunnels, strategic railway lines, \"permanent defences'' and the like \u2014 are plugged as fast as possible. China, for instance, can move around 30 divisions (each with over 15,000 soldiers) to the borders within 30 days to outnumber Indian forces by at least 3:1 after undertaking massive infrastructure development all along the 4,057-km Line of Actual Control, as earlier reported by TOI. An empowered committee under defence secretary Shashikant Sharma is scrutinizing DPRs for the proposed overall \"capability development plan on the northern borders'' worth Rs 26,155 crore. While this is slated is slated for completion by 2020-2021, there is an ongoing Rs 9,243 crore project for \"infrastructure development in the eastern theatre'' by 2016-2017.The Army hopes the projects are not hit by huge time overruns like the 73 all-weather roads earmarked for construction along the three sectors of LAC close to a decade ago. Defence minister A K Antony admitted in LS this week that just 16 of those roads have been finished till now, with another 26 slated for completion by 2013, and 19 more by 2016.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15515551", "title": "Congress MPs from northeast meet Sonia Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress MPs from the northeast on Thursday met party chief Sonia Gandhi and apprised her of the situation arising out of the reports of exodus of people of the region from Bangalore and some other cities.The parliamentarians, including Union minister of state for development of northeast Paban Singh Ghatowar, conveyed to the UPA chairperson that panic griped northeast origin people living in some cities following rumours about possible attacks on them and urged her to ensure safety and security of the people from the region.\"She told us that peace must be restored and we Indians must live together,\" Ghatowar said.Ghatowar said he himself has spoken to Maharahstra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, Andhra Pradesh chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and director general of karnataka police Lalrokhuma Pachau and they assured him that there was no cause for panic and everyone from the northeast was safe in their states.\"The states are also launching special vigil in areas where many northeast origin people live,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509569", "title": "Collem mineral ore misappropriation case: Rajesh Faldesai remanded to police custody", "text": "PANAJI: The judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Sanguem, has remanded the prime accused in Collem mineral ore misappropriation case, Rajesh Faldesai, 38, to three days in police custody. Faldesai had surrendered before the Collem police on Tuesday afternoon after Sanguem JMFC had rejected his application seeking bail.Faldesai's anticipatory bail plea before the Goa bench of Bombay high court was also rejected on August 3.Sandalwood tree stolen: In a complaint lodged at the Bicholim police station, Dina Gopal Raut, from Tambda rasta Mulgao, Bicholim, has stated that unidentified persons recently committed theft of an old sandalwood tree after cutting it during heavy rains after effecting entry into the compound of their residential house.The tree was worth 3.5 lakh. Bicholim police are conducting further investigations under the guidance of PI Ninad Deulkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511094", "title": "Drunk-driving campaign loses sting", "text": "MUMBAI: The alarming frequency with which drunk -cases are being reported in the city, in spite of a consistent campaign by the traffic police, could be an outcome of fewer prison sentences and low penalties, lawyers told TOI on Wednesday. Out of 7,642 offences recorded till mid-August this year, only 40% of the offenders were given prison sentences. The figure was even lower in 2011 where out of 16,324 cases recorded by the traffic police, only 37% offenders were sent to jail.\"Drunk-driving cases aren't taken as seriously as they should be. In a majority of cases, witnesses turn hostile and this affects conviction rates,\" says former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh. \"Almost all major cases have been dragging on for years together. The Salman Khan case, for instance, is being heard since 2002.\"\"The police don't give much importance to gathering evidence scientifically. Eyewitness accounts should be given a lot of importance in such cases. Also, the police should record statements of witnesses before a magistrate under Section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code. If a statement is so recorded and the witness later turns hostile, he can be hauled up for perjury,\" Singh said. \"In very few cases do the police actually insist that the court issue a warrant for the witness to appear.\"Another lawyer said that the police tend to produce several unnecessary witnesses before court, when they don't have much bearing on the case.The Union Cabinet has approved amendments to the Motor Vehicle Act for harsher punishments for drunk driving offences, but this is not yet in force. As per the new law, fine amounts for drunk driving will increase five times from Rs 2,000 (old law) to Rs 10,000 if the offender has over 150 mg of alcohol per 100 ml of blood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15510889", "title": "Don\u2019t come on fishing trips, warns Berne", "text": "LONDON: Indian government would be in serious breach of its international obligations if it discloses names of Indians having Swiss bank accounts, other than being compelled to do so by the judiciary.Speaking to TOI against the backdrop of the recent agitations by Anna Hazare and yoga guru Baba Ramdev for recovery of black money, a spokesman for the federal finance ministry in Switzerland said India \"cannot make public\" information supplied to it by Berne.In the double taxation and avoidance agreement (DTAA) \u2014 which was amended earlier this year to make it slightly more lenient \u2014 Article 26 stipulates that \"any information received shall be subject to a secrecy clause, whereby the information contained shall be treated as secret\", other than being disclosed in judicial proceedings or verdicts.The bilateral understanding on \"liberal interpretation\" of the DTAA since, provides for a less stringent furnishing of an individual's data. At the same time, either the name of the person or an account number has to be provided by Indian authorities for their Swiss counterparts to respond with information of deposits in banks, financial institutions or funds.Article 26 in the revised DTAA states \"the two countries (namely, India and Switzerland) shall exchange information as is 'foreseeably relevant'.\" But specific data, such as a name of the person being investigated coupled with address, date of birth or tax identification number is still needed. The Swiss finance ministry spokesman added that even an account number would suffice.But he emphasised that Indian authorities must be armed with \"concrete suspicions\" of tax evasion or fraud by its nationals for the Swiss government to release information pertaining to any alleged black money being held in Switzerland. The spokesman underlined India cannot embark on \"a fishing expedition\" on the matter. This remains the case even after the DTAA was altered to enhance the scope of exchange of information between the two countries.Nevertheless, there has reportedly been recent cooperation on the part of the Swiss - which the spokesman would not confirm. It is also learned that the total sum of money held by Indian nationals in Switzerland is nowhere near figures being wildly claimed by agitators. At the same time, Switzerland is not the only tax haven fancied by tax-dodgers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15516887", "title": "Facebook may put ads in news feeds irrespective of 'likes'", "text": "LONDON: Social networking giant Facebook is testing a new advertising service that would allow marketers to put more messages directly into users' news feeds.The changes will allow companies to target 'non-fans' for the first time.According to the Daily Mail, the feature is expected to eventually be forced on all users of the site if the test is deemed a success.It will see ads placed into users news feeds regardless of whether they have 'liked' the firm.According to a report by TechCrunch, these tests are part of new department within the firm set up to deliver ads to web and mobile users.The new system would let firms simply pay for an ad to be displayed without having to first attract 'fans' to its site.A Facebook spokesperson told TechCrunch that the new service would make it easier for businesses to reach more people.\"We want to be thoughtful about how we introduce ads in news feed, so we have limits in place to ensure that people's news feeds are not filled with advertising,\" the spokesperson added.According to the paper, the latest plans could anger users who believe the site already has too many ads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15520270", "title": "India 'A' upset Spain in blind chess tournament", "text": "CHENNAI: Makwana Ashvin rose to the occasion as India 'A' stunned Spain 2.5-1.5 to move into second spot with nine points after the sixth round in the TATA 14th IBCA Chess Olympiad for the Blind 2012 on Thursday.Despite the loss, Spain shared the lead along with Russia at 10 points. Close behind were India 'A' and Ukraine with nine points while Germany, United Kingdom and Serbia were a point adrift.Fortune favoured the hosts as Kishan Gangolli got the first point when Palacios Perez Manuel's mobile phone went off in the second board. The Laws of Chess specify, \"if any mobile phone or other electronic means of communication in the playing venue produces a sound, the player shall lose the game\".Overcoming their early deficit, Spain equalised scoring in the top board through Desanjose Candalija Eduardo. Darpan Inani drew the third board, leaving the match poised at 1.5-1.5 each.All hopes hinged on the fourth board where Makwana Ashvin capitalised on his extra pawn to clinch the issue in favour of the hosts.Top seed Russia came back strongly scoring a 3-1 win over Germany. Russians drew both the blacks, scoring over Germans with white pieces. The win over Germany takes Russia to the top of the table with 10 points along with Spain.Fourth seed Ukraine swept United Kingdom 3.5-0.5 with International Master Colin Crouch offering the lone resistance in the top board. Serbia improved their chances scoring over Poland in the fourth table.Results: (Round 6) Spain (10) lost to India 'A' (9), Germany (8) lost to Russia (10), Ukraine (9) beat United Kingdom (8), Poland (6) lost to Serbia (8), Columbia (6) lost to Sweden (7), Iran (5) lost to Venezuela (7), Slovenia (7) beat Italy (4), Bulgaria (4) playing Romania (4), Croatia (6) beat Slovakia (4), Kazakhastan (6) beat Turkey (3), France (3) lost to India 'B'(5), Denmark (4) beat The Netherlands (1).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516656", "title": "Karan &amp; Krystal play oldies in Ek Hazaaron!", "text": "TOI.com brings to viewers an exclusive look into Karan Tacker and Krystal D'Souza's getup for Star Plus's hit show, Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hain.As Karan Tacker (Viren) and Krystal D'Souza (Jeevika) don a new avatar, Karan seems a bit apprehensive about his new look. Both Karan and Krystal dress up as oldies during Maanvi (Nia Sharma) and Viraat's ( Kushal Tandon) engagement ceremony to perform a little skit for the family, thereby enacting how the couple will look when they turn old. Says Karan, \"These little pranks liven up the show. It was a good experience and I felt Krystal looked really cute. I ended up looking haggard. I couldn't imagine myself with wrinkles and white hair because old age seems so far away\". Adding, \"I appreciate my youth all the more\".This particular episode airs tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15510244", "title": "No school for children in proposed tiger reserve", "text": "COIMBATORE: The dream of a proper school for tribal children will remain unfulfilled in Ukkiniyam village as permission for constructing a building has been denied by the forest department on the ground that it would be within the proposed Sathyamangalam Tiger Reserve area.So, despite the Tamil Nadu government sanctioning 16lakhs for constructing the school building, it will remain only on paper. This has belied the claims of the forest department that it will exclude forest settlements and revenue villages from the core area of the reserve.As a result, 150 tribal children have been denied their right to education. Ukkiniyam is a hamlet in the jurisdiction of the Kuthiyalathur village panchayat. Significantly, the state government had sanctioned 16,05,000 for constructing the building under Sarva Siksha Abhiyan ( SSA) project just three months ago.According to V Mohan Kumar, a parent, Ukkiniyam is a forest village falling under Bhavani Sagar assembly constituency and one can access the nearby state highway only by walking through the dense forest for four kilometers. The village with Irula and soliga tribals is devoid of any basic facilities and the local community was illiterate.There are around 250 families in the village and their livelihood is collecting minor forest produce. They also help forest department in protection initiatives and the village never posed any threat to the wildlife.It was in 2005 that the primary school was started in the village under Sarva Siksha Abhiyan and that was the first occasion when literacy came to the village. The illiterate villagers had built a makeshift shed for the school using their own resources and it reflected their keenness to ensure literacy for their wards. During the recent rains, the makeshift building collapsed and the children are now learning lessons by sitting on the open ground.As the region is famous for unexpected downpours, it has been becoming risky for the children and the teachers to continue the education exposed to inclement weather. The situation would turn worse with the onset of North East Monsoon. Meanwhile, many parents have stopped sending their children to the school citing lack of buildings.When Bhavani Sagar MLA, P L Sundaram, raised the issue before district collector and education department officials, they said the objection from forest department is preventing execution of the building project. Talking to TOI, Sundaram said he would even adopt legal means to ensure basic justice for the tribal children, who were just initiated to the world of literacy hardly seven years ago. Forest Department had recently prevented a local body in the region from conducting repair of a road to a forest settlement but the locals had conducted the repair works defying the orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511202", "title": "Davidar is new secretary of higher education", "text": "CHENNAI: In a minor reshuffle of IAS officers , the Tamil Nadu government on Wednesday transferred Civil Supplies Corporation MD P W C Davidar and posted him as special secretary, higher education department, a new post.An official release said Davidar would function under the overall control of the additional chief secretary, higher education department.R Anandkumar, joint commissioner (works), Corporation of Chennai was transferred and posted as regional joint commissioner (south). T P Rajesh, deputy secretary to government (protocol), public department, was transferred to director of town panchayats. P Senthilkumar, additional director of sugar, was transferred as deputy secretary to government (protocol), public department.Brajendra Navnit, former deputy secretary to the department of economic affairs, on reverting to state cadre, was moved to Corporation of Chennai as its additional commissioner (Works) and Chandrasekaran, director of town panchayats, was moved to TN Civil Supplies Corporation as its managing director.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15515518", "title": "Passenger amenities get a boost in Palakkad division", "text": "MANGALORE: Passenger earnings of Palakkad division of southern railway has gone up by 8% in first four months of this fiscal to touch Rs 136 crore, up from Rs 126 crore in the corresponding period last year.There has also been a resultant increase in number of passengers handled by the division at 263 lakh which is 6% increase over last year. The overall earnings during this period have been Rs 285.64 crore which is 0.50% more than the target given to the division.The division's performance has been good in other earnings as well, noted Piyush Agarwal, divisional railway manager, Palakkad division . Delivering the 66 th Independence Day address, Piyush said the division has achieved 2.314 million tonnes of originating load, an increase of 70.5%, comparing to previous year loading. The target fixed for the financial year is 5.915 million tonnes during June 2012; division has achieved 0.617 MT loading, highest ever.The highest ever daily loading of 468 wagons was achieved on August 4. In all, 215 special trains were operated during the April to June 2012 in the division. Referring to safety related issues; Piyush said several safety inspections have been carried out. Seven safety seminars and three street plays have been conducted on safety of level crossings, including one at Mangalore Central Railway Station by students of Scouts and Guides from Palakkad division.The process of setting a rail coach factory (RCF) at Kanjikode is on and 230.10 acres of land has been demarcated at site after joint inspection with Kerala state revenue authorities. The formal takeover of the land for RCF land will be done soon. The doubling work of Mangalore Junction - Nethravathi Bridge has been commissioned. Steps have been taken to screen 33000 cubic metres ballast and 23 km deep screening of track has been carried out to improve track.Rehabilitation of three bridges has been done. Infrastructure improvement in freight train examination at Mangalore Junction has been done and an incinerator has been installed at Shoranur for effective disposal of garbage. Based on the performance of this at Shoranur, installation of incinerator at other stations is contemplated. Work on foot over bridge is under progress at Mangalore Central and Palghat stations and will be completed this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509286", "title": "Dairy farm owner held for 'confining' youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Saidabad police arrested the owner of a dairy farm on Wednesday for allegedly confining and torturing a youth for ten years.The youth, 23-year-old Mohammed Rafi, who hails from Shahabad, Karnataka, was rescued by a police team late Tuesday night after his relatives located him in the Saidabad area. According to sources, Rafi, the only son of Mohammed Madar Patel, came to Hyderabad in 2002 to meet his aunt in Sapotabagh area of Saidabad. However, he went missing and all efforts to trace him turned futile. His parents claimed that they could not trace him.A few days ago Rafi's aunt, Hameeda Bee accidentally saw him at a dairy farm in the Ameen Colony where she had gone to buy milk. She made enquiries and after ascertaining that he was Rafi, she lodged a police complaint. The cops rescued the youth and shifted him to the OGH as they found bruises on his hands and feet.The police arrested the dairy farm owner Sudhakar Yadav on Wednesday and registered a case under Section 342 (wrongful confinement), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC. Inspector Saidabad A Srinivasulu said that Yadav was later produced before a magistrate for judicial remand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515227", "title": "Wonders of science", "text": "Prof Bikash Sinha, Homi Bhaba Professor, VECC, Department of Atomic Energy, government of India, talks about the experiments at CERN and the discovery of the Higgs Boson like particle, while delivering a talk \"Chasing the Missing link at CERN-Higgs Boson\" at the auditorium of the Heritage Institute of Technology.Could you tell us a bit about the motivation behind the experiment at CERN? See, right from the ancient age man has always felt this intense desire to go for the pursuit of the fundamental. This has been observed in the ancient texts like the Vedas. Man realized that to find the fundamental he needs to develop methods to probe into the greater mysteries of Nature. This yearning to go to the roots still continues within man. Peter Higgs, a theoretical physicist during the 1960s, once theoretically suggested the possible existence of a fundamental particle which is responsible for giving mass to others. This sparked off the experiments at CERN. Such intense is this desire that the scientists built the Large Hadron Collider , which I believe is the most technologically advanced piece ever created by man till date. The LHC is a miracle machine.What has been India's contribution in the experiments at CERN? First and foremost it was a joint effort by all. Almost 3381 scientists and around 173 institutes from over the world participated in the CMS experiment. Tremendous effort was given by the scientists from the SINP, Kolkata, who were members of the core team at the CMS experiment. The Muon Spectrometer was developed by the efforts of these scientists from India. India played a significant role in the ALICE experiments with the contribution of the MANAS chip which was initially being developed by SINP, Kolkata. However, these contributions from one particular country should not dilute the fact that it was at the end of the day a combined attempt.What do you have to say about calling the Higgs Boson - the God particle? Calling the Higgs Boson the God particle is a complete misconception. Nothing can be further away from the truth because it has nothing to do with God! You cannot say that you have discovered God! Millions of dollars were spent and hundreds of people were giving so much effort for this experiment since Peter Higgs's suggestion in 1964 that the name - God \"damn\" particle emerged simply out of a colloquial American slang. This however was hyped by people who do not care for anything else expect God damn money and popularized a fact which is far away from the truth, which resulted in all this confusion.What would you like to say to the budding scientists of India? In spite of being a theoretician myself I would like more and more youngsters from India to participate in frontier and practical research oriented aspects of Physics. We have discovered a Higgs Boson like particle. Thus the experiment at CERN will go on for another 15-20 years roughly. I would really like to encourage them to go there and do some practical work.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15511493", "title": "Belgaum gets an 'A' in RTE", "text": "BELGAUM: Implementation of the Right to Education Act has been largely successful in the district.Out of the 663 seats reserved under RTE in 53 schools in the district, 527 have been filled with 37 schools filling their quota completely, 14 schools partially and two schools are yet to admit any student under RTE.There are 43 aided and eight unaided schools in Belgaum city. Under RTE, all schools need to reserve 25% of seats for students from economically and socially weaker sections of society. As per block education officer's category wise reservation 7.5% of the 25% is reserved for SC students, 1.5% for ST students and 16% for students from other backward classes. In Belgaum city, which has a total of 2,616 seats, 663 were reserved under RTE. Of this, 197 seats were for SC, 56 for ST and 410 for OBC. The schools have managed to admit 527 students (129 students from SC, 55 ST and 343 students from OBC). The RTE is applicable for students getting admitted to LKG and Class I.Education Coordinator DM Sanadi said the department plans to organize awareness programmes so that more students approach schools seeking admissions. \"If there are more students and fewer seats, we will allot seats through a lottery system in the presence of the school management, department officials and parents. While allotting seats, students who stay nearby will be given preference. After the students join school, we will keep a close watch on how these students mingle with other students,\" he said.Among the RTE underperformers are Love Dale Central School in Mahantesh Nagar, KLE School, BK Model and NS Pai School. Love Dale has enrolled just one student while it has 23 seats, KLE has 35 seats and has filled just two seats. Model and Pai schools are yet to enrol any student under RTE.\"In these schools, students have not come forward to give their applications. We hope even these seats will be filled next year,\" Sanadi said. Religious and linguistics minority schools have been exempted from implementing RTE and there are about 40 such schools in the city.Schools, who have admitted students under RTE, will receive a maximum of Rs5,948 for every LKG student and Rs11,848 for students in Class I.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509361", "title": "Osmania University exams postponed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Osmania University has postponed all the examinations scheduled for August 16 owing to an indefinite teachers' strike called by the Osmania University teachers association starting Thursday. All teachers of OU have decided to go on strike demanding release of salary arrears and permanent posts for all contract faculty members.tnn The faculty members are expected to stage a dharna in front of the administrative office on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15512870", "title": "Pak may release Bhavesh Parmar", "text": "Mumbai: Pakistani lawyer Awais Sheikh has learnt that the home ministry and foreign ministry of Pakistan are both willing to release Mumbai resident Bhavesh Parmar from prison if the Indian authorities verify his nationality before September 28. The 32-two-year-old youth who is in a mentally disturbed state has been lodged in Kot Lakhpat Jail, Lahore , since 2007. Sheikh recently found out that Bhavesh was arrested in 2007. A case was registered under Section 14 of the Foreigners Act and Bhavesh was sentenced for three years with a penalty of Rs 5,000. For non-payment of penalty, he would undergo further imprisonment for three months. He completed his sentence on July 4, 2012. In the run-up to this, the case was put before the Pakistan Supreme Court and he was declared as internee on June 2, 2012 for three months and that term ends September 28. Now the Home Secretary in Pakistan through the Foreign Ministry has written to the High Commission of India in Islamabad seeking proof of his identification and nationality, and the necessary travel documents for his repatriation to India. The authorities in Pakistan are waiting for a reply from the Indian High Commission. If the papers are furnished before September 28, 2012, Bhavesh will be released,'' says Jatin Desai, journalist and joint secretary, Pakistan-India Peoples' Forum for Peace &amp; Democracy. Desai has been working alongside Sheikh to secure his freedom. In fact he had pointed out that Bhavesh was arrested in 2007 and given three years imprisonment so his sentence should have got over in 2010. However Sheikh informed him that the trial period is not included, which means his prison term ended July 4. Over in Vile Parle, Bhavesh's widowed mother Hansaben remains distressed over his prolonged absence. Since the first time CID officials visited my house to inform me about Bhavesh's imprisonment, I have prepared a dossier containing vital documents including his PAN card, drivers' licence, rationing card and his Indian passport that would help verify his nationality. Recently I handed a set of papers each to MP Priya Dutt and MLA Krishna Hegde who are liaising with the external affairs ministry to secure his release. The case will be expedited once these documents are sent through the proper channel,'' she says. Bhavesh had lost his job with an ATM manufacturer during the course of his father's illness in 2004. His father's subsequent death of cancer caused him to lose his mental balance. He left home one day and apparently ended up in Pakistan aboard the Samjhauta Express in a disoriented state of mind. Meanwhile, Desai says Pakistan has released 55 Indian fishermen including three minors August 15. They will arrive in India via Wagah Thursday, August 16. Indian and Pakistani fishermen are innocent and they find it difficult to realise where the maritime boundary of one nation ends and the other starts. The India-Pakistan Judicial Committee on Prisoners has unanimously recommended their unconditional release,'' he says. Sent from BlackBerry\u00ae on Airtel", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15510262", "title": "Taking to the streets to create change", "text": "MADURAI: Street theatre is a cup of tea for the Madurai Nadaga Iyakkam (Madurai Theatre Movement) though its members don't hesitate to occupy stage drama at times. Their favourite style is satire on current social issues. Madurai Nadaga Iyakkam was started in 1992, drawing inspiration from Safdar Hasmi, a communist play writer associated with street theatre.The troupe has 10 members at present who hail from different walks of life. The director and scriptwriter, K Selvaraj, is a general physician in Othakadai while there are two transport corporation employees, two LIC officers and others daily labourers. They come together after their work hours later in the night to practice. They hold regular meetings to discuss the topics for plays.\"When the 2G scam was being discussed, we staged 'Vedalam Sonna Kadhai' to narrate the scam and penned another play called 'Narikombu' to criticise the nuclear policy of India,\" says director of the troupe Selvaraj. Another play on 'Thanner Lavani' is about the Mullaperiyar issue and 'Summa kidantha Sudalaimadan' is about God being alienated from people by modern gurus. But their most successful street play is 'Vadagai Veedu' (Rented House) which narrates the plight of a youth who searches for a house for rent after he gets a job in Madurai. \"The play was very successful and we staged it more than 500 times,\" Selvaraj says.Recalling earlier days, Selvaraj said they started this troupe after drawing inspiration from Safdar Hasmi who was killed in Delhi in 1989 while staging a street play, and how his wife came back the very next day to the same spot to complete the play. \"It was a great inspiration and we took up street plays to present social issues with a strong message through satire. The plays run from 45 minutes to one hour and we mostly prefer street plays because it is a great medium to reach people,\" he said.One among the troupe members, R Palanivel, is a transport corporation employee and a gifted actor who has been with the troupe from its inception. He also brought his wife, Ambika, into the troupe, and together, they perform many street plays. \"Even from school days, I was always wonderstruck at the attention drama artists get and decided to become an actor too,\" he says. \"We present serious social issues. My wife has natural talent in theatre and joined me after a few years of our marriage,\" he added.The troupe has its own set of problems especially space for practice. \"We utilise any place we are able to get. We even used the Thathaneri graveyard once,\" says Selvaraj. \"We are planning an academy to promote street theatre. Our aim is to make it into a movement. We are in the initial stages at present,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15509259", "title": "Rajasthan on high alert on I-Day", "text": "JAIPUR: The entire state has been put on high alert ahead of the Independence Day on Wednesday.Following a terror alert for all airports, the Jaipur airport authorities banned entry of even labourers and similar staffers. \"Even the security personnel are being checked at the time of entry into the airport,\" said airport director Paul Manickam.The officer said that ever since a terror alert issued on September 6, security has been beefed up. Local police teams and ATS are carrying out security drill at the airport twice a day. The entry of visitors into the airport has also been prohibited.Commissioner of police B L Soni said that videography of every person entering and leaving the airport, bus stand and railway station are kept following the Pune blasts.He added that special attention is being given to the parks, abandoned places under flyovers, airport, taxi stands, railway station and Sindhi Camp bus stand.\"We are conducting extensive checks at hotels, inns and other public places. Customers at hotels and inns are being screened and their owners have been asked to keep proper update of the records,\" said Soni.He added that elaborate security arrangements have been made at SMS Stadium where state-level programmes will be held for I-Day.A senior police officer said that the Indo-Pak border has been sealed and preventive arrests are being made throughout the state.\"Hundreds of habitual criminals are under scanner. Intel agencies are on alert in sensitive areas,\" he said, adding that apart from normal frisking, metal detectors and dog squads are extensively used to sanitise areas where I-Day functions are scheduled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "avarkundla, amreli", "code": "15521902", "title": "Scarcity forces Maldharis to leave cattle at lions' mercy", "text": "AVARKUNDLA, AMRELI: Maldhari from Piplava village in Khambha taluka of Amreli district Akan Mobh recently abandoned his seven cattle heads in nearby Gir forest area as he was unable to provide fodder to them. The only means of his family's livelihood will soon become prey of lions or other carnivorous wild animals.\"With no fodder available in nearby area and the inability to purchase it at a very high cost, my nephew Akan finally abandoned the animals and he is now engaged as a casual laborer in the village,'' says Akan's uncle Jasu Mobh, who resides in adjoining Mobhnesh village. Mobh's family belongs to Maldhari community that primarily depends on cattle milk as the main source of income.\"Fodder scarcity is leading to a number of Maldharis abandoning their cattle. The cattle might survive on the scattered green patches near the forests or else it will become prey of wild animals,'' Jasu Mobh said.Sources told TOI that in the last one week many Maldharis have abandoned their cattle near forests in Khambha, Dhari and Savarkundla talukas of Amreli district. \"Last week, a truck load of cattle was abandoned near Lapala mountain near Mitiyala wildlife sanctuary,'' sources said.Forest department officials said all these days no one has come forward to claim the ownership of the cattle or even to claim the monetary compensation after the cattle heads were killed by lions in the area. As many as 15 abandoned cattle have become prey near the forest areas of the three talukas and there have been no claimants of these animals. Officials, however, added that according to rules a cattle owner cannot claim any compensation if the cattle is killed inside a reserve forest area.In an instance that reflects the gravity of the situation, residents of Bhuva Road in Savarkundla found a note stuck on an oxen head that read, \"I have abandoned this oxen as I am unable to feed it.''Sources further disclosed that with the increasing fodder scarcity, the confrontation between forest department officials and Maldharis have also increased. Three days ago, a large number of Maldharis had forcibly entered the reserve forest area of Vadal Bid in Savarkundla to graze their cattle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ramanathapuram", "code": "15510317", "title": "Ramnad fisherman dies in boat accident in Abu Dhabi", "text": "RAMANATHAPURAM: Even as the country was celebrating Independence Day on Wednesday, Thoppuvalasai village in Ramanathapuram district woke up to the news about the death of its fisherman, M Murugesan (28) in a boat mishap in Abu Dhabi sea.Murugesan, who was a fisherman here, had gone to the UAE one year ago, to augment his family's income as they hailed from a poor background. Along with his friends and villagers, who are mainly in the fishing industry in UAE, Murugesan ventured into the sea on Tuesday night.Eight fishermen from the locality went into the sea in two small plastic boats and while they were fishing, the boats collided due to high waves and Murugesan fell into the water. He was rescued by the fellow fishermen but the efforts to resuscitate him failed, his relatives in Thoppuvalasai said.The incident had occurred around 3am IST on Wednesday and the villagers received information by 5am which turned the village into gloom, they said. It was the second unfortunate incident for the village, as A Sekar from the village was killed on July 17 when US naval personnel opened fire on fishermen in Dubai . Murugesan is also a close relative of Sekar.S Ponnandi, a relative of Sekar and deceased Murugesan said, \"The boy was responsible and loved by everyone in the family and others in the village. He was married two years back and his wife could not be consoled after the news reached the village. She is still clinging on to the hope of the news turning out to be wrong.According to the information from our fishermen there, they were not in high sea but at a connecting channel and they went to fish for food as the UAE nationals will not be venturing into the sea during Ramzan fast. \"He apparently died in shallow waters,\" another relative said.Ponnandi said that if the state government can take measures to get his body, it will greatly help the grieving family. \"The family cannot bear the expenses of bringing his dead body,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15515322", "title": "Child killed in Chennai accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A four-year-old boy was killed on the spot in a freak accident at Tambaram on Thursday morning. Police said the driver of the mini auto rickshaw carrying milk packets had parked the vehicle and left the engine running. The deceased Tamilarasan had just arrived from Vridhachalam in a bus along with his mother Muthulakshmi and grand mother Vadivukarasi.They were on their way to the child's uncles house and stopped at the roadside to rest for a while when the auto rickshaw began moving, it first knocked down a moped and then rammed into the child dragging him for a distance before crashing into a storm water drain. Tamilarasan died of head injuries on the spot and the body was moved to the Chrompet Government Hospital for post mortem. The police have arrested the driver of the auto rickshaw Rajendran on charges of negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509407", "title": "'Harassed' woman kills husband", "text": "HYDERABAD: A woman burned her 'harassing' husband to death at their house in Kukatpally on Tuesday night. Dasarath, 38, a contract employee of IDL from Shivalal Tanda in Kukatpally, was burnt to death by Lavanya. The couple has two daughters.According to police, Dasarath was an alcoholic and used to harass Lavanya. Recently, Dasarath received Rs 40,000 as part of the provident fund and fearing that he might spend the amount on alcohol, Lavanya wanted him to give it to her parents for better investment. Dasarath, however, rejected her proposal..On Tuesday night, Dasarath reached home drunk and Lavanya became furious. In the early hours of Wednesday, she smashed his head with a grinding stone and bound his hands and legs with a rope. Later, she doused Dasarath with kerosene and set him ablaze. Her two daughters were present at the house all the while.Dasarath died on the spot. Neighbours came to know and of the incident in the morning and alerted the police in the morning.The Kukatpally police arrested Lavanya and also nabbed her brother Yadgiri Rao suspecting that he might have abetted her in committing the crime. A murder case was booked under Section 302 of IPC. and Lavanya would be produced before the court on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510905", "title": "In 24 hrs, Martyrs' Memorial gets back its original look", "text": "MUMBAI: It took 24 hours for 59-year-old Vijay Sable and his team of five, including his son and art director Kuna, to put back the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial back in shape after it was desecrated by two youths, part of the mob that went on the rampage on Saturday. At 2am on Wednesday, Sable added the final touches to the rifle and helmet made from fibre glass and made it ready for the Independence Day.\"We burnt the candle to finish this work. The desecration of the memorial was unfortunate as the soldiers had laid down their lives for the country. It would have normally taken two days. But we finished it in 24 hours,\" Sable, a resident of Chandanwadi in Marine Lines, said.\"The rifle has been replicated as we had a reference draft. It has a fibre glass encasing for protection. This is my first job for the BMC,\" he said.Two youths, who were part of the rioters, desecrated the monument built in memory of Syed Hussain and Mangal Gadia-two Indian soldiers-who were blown apart by a canon in October 1857 by the British during what is called the first war of independence. They damaged the memorial depicting a rifle with a helmet.\"Everybody in the city is angry with the destruction of the memorial. It shows that the people who did that have no feeling of national pride at all. The police should definitely make an example of this incident by prosecuting the people responsible for this. I hope the organizers of the rally are made to pay for this. It would also be good if the BMC added a plaque at such installations to explain to the many ignorant people the history behind these installations all around the city, so that in future no other symbols of our history are wiped out in moments of madness and unpatriotic behaviour,\" said Bandra resident Anil Joseph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15522051", "title": "Mirza cries foul after losing to Patel", "text": "SURAT: The high-profile senate election at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University's (VNSGU) science faculty contested between the president of Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industry (SGpresident Paresh Patel and five-time senate member Hosang Mirza may soon take a new twist.Patel defeated Mirza by a margin of just one vote. Paresh received 955 votes against Mirza's 944 votes.Sources in the VNSGU said that Mirza has decided to challenge the result in the Gujarat high court accusing the scrutiny members of resorting to unfair means and manipulating the counting of votes. \"He (Mirza) has decided to challenge the result in the court after VNSGU rejected his plea for recounting. It was a very close contest as Mirza's opponent has won by a single vote,\" said a source.When contacted Mirza, refused to comment on challenging the election result. He, however, said \"VNSGU authorities have snatched away my right for recounting of votes. This means there is something fishy in it. I still remember that recounting of votes has been granted in the previous elections in the VNSGU.\"Daxesh Thakar, vice-chancellor, VNSGU said, \"Mirza was given ample opportunity to recount the votes in the presence of the scrutiny committee members thrice. So there is no question of recounting again. Also, we have rejected about 246 invalid votes.\"\"Since Mirza has been winning this post since five terms, he is not ready to accept his defeat. Let him knock the doors of High Court, we are ready to face it,\" added Thakar. On the other hand, all is not well in the city BJP after the results were declared on Wednesday.Despite the fact that the Patel won the science faculty election, a section of the BJP leaders led by city president Purnesh Modi are unhappy as the victory has come with a wafer thin margin.Sources said the city BJP had mobilized all its party workers including councilors in different municipal wards of the city, key functionaries at the taluka level in each district of south Gujarat and student leaders ahead of the election, to defeat Hosang Mirza. \"Though the victory margin was very thin, but we are happy to dethrone Mirza who was ruling the VNSGU from the past 25 years,\" said Modi. A senior functionary of the SGCCI said, \"There was a vacation in SGCCI since one month as all the key members in Patel's team were busy in the campaigning. We are happy that the image of the oldest chamber of commerce in the state was saved following the victory of its president.\" \"It gives me immense pleasure that the voters have entrusted the responsibility to represent their issues in the senate. I will always work for the betterment of the VNSGU\" said Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15512324", "title": "Militants attack Kamra airbase in Pakistan; 6 attackers, 2 security personnel killed", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A group of heavily-armed militants stormed a key Pakistan air force base in Punjab province that is believed to house nuclear weapons, triggering an intense gun battle that left six attackers and two security personnel dead.The terrorists, some of whom were reportedly wearing military uniforms, sneaked into Kamra airbase at about 2am despite a state of high alert at the facility.About nine to 10 attackers breached at least three barriers and tried to target Saab-2000 surveillance aircraft, TV news channels reported.Following a gun battle that lasted over three hours, state-run PTV reported that six terrorists had been gunned down by commandos.Private TV news channels reported two security personnel were killed and several others, including an air commodore, were injured.The military's media arm told reporters that the situation at the Kamra airbase was under control and that troops were conducting a search operation to ascertain if any more terrorists were inside the complex.There was no official word on whether some attackers had escaped.The attack came just two days after Pakistan Army chief Gen Ashfaq Pervez Kayani reiterated the country's commitment to the war on terrorism.Amidst speculation about a new campaign against the Taliban in the tribal belt, Kayani said the war on terrorism was Pakistan's \"own war and a just war too\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510102", "title": "School singles out poor kids, rights panel seeks report", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has issued notice to Karnataka government on reports that authorities of a private school in Bangalore had cut off tufts of hair of four children belonging to economically weaker sections to distinguish them under the Right to Education quota.The commission has asked the chief secretary to submit a report within four weeks on the allegations. The reports said that the students, in Class I, were made to stand separately in humiliation during the assembly and their lunch boxes were checked before they entered their classes, an NHRC spokesman said.The parents of the children have also alleged that the names of their wards have not been entered in the attendance register and the school makes them sit in the back benches and no home work is given to them, he said.\"The commission has observed that the allegations, if true, raise a serious issue of violation of the children. The commission has asked the chief secretary to inform it on the action taken against the school authorities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15520727", "title": "Senior citizens celebrated Independence Day with slum kids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Members of Chandigarh Senior Citizen's Association celebrated the Independence Day with children of Bapu Dham Colony who're supported by volunteers of Yuvsatta.Young children presented patriotic songs, a cultural dance which later was followed by National Anthem. Retd Brig Keshav Chandra, past President of Chandigarh Senior Citizen's Association inspired the young ones to build a new modern India by leading a life of truth, honesty and selfless service.Member of the association BB Mahajan emphasized upon the value of healthy life-style amongst the generation next. DS Grewal, president of association said, \"Our freedom fighter's had sacrificed their lives for making a strong and Independent India and now it's for the youngsters to realize the dreams by sheer hard work and love for motherland.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509339", "title": "Suspecting wife's fidelity, man kills infant daughter", "text": "HYDERABAD: Suspecting his wife's fidelity, a man killed his 15-month-old daughter in Gaganpahad on Wednesday.The victim, Meenakshi, was the daughter of Damodar and Sulochana. Damodar, a daily-wager at a private factory in Gaganpahad, had married Sulochana in 2006. The couple has three daughters and Meenakshi was the youngest one.According to police, for the past few months Damodar had been suspecting his wife's character and was physically harassing her. Unable to put up with the torture, Sulochana at times used to seek refuge at her sister Suchitra's house which was located nearby. Similarly on Monday evening, Sulochana went to her sister's house and stayed there for the night with her children. When she returned home on Tuesday evening, Damodar picked up a fight with her for staying back at her sister's place and beat her up.As he was very angry, Sulochana left her second daughter, Laddu, at home and with other two daughters went to Suchitra's house.In the early hours of Wednesday, Damodar went to Suchitra's house and picked up an argument with her and Sulochana. In a fit of rage, Damodar picked up Meenakshi and banged her head on the floor thrice. With critical head injuries, Meenakshi died on the spot. Damodar also attacked his eldest daughter Akshaya, but she escaped with injuries on the face, RGI Airport inspector D Durga Prasad said.Alerted by the family's screams, neighbors rushed to the spot and overpowered Damodar. He was handed over to police and a murder case was booked against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "guntur", "code": "15509392", "title": "Another revolt brews in police department", "text": "GUNTUR: Civil police officials are planning to take a leaf out of APSP cops and stage a revolt over the 'high-handed' attitude of the inspector general of Guntur range. Vexed by the 'discrimination' by not allotting them suitable posts, police inspectors of the Guntur range are planning to hit the streets along with their families for 'justice'.According to sources, at least 36 inspector rank officials have been kept in vacancy reserve (VR) by IG Harish Kumar Gupta for the last several months. Unlike other rank officials, inspectors are not eligible to draw salaries if they are kept in VR. Except inspectors, all officials from sub-inspector to SP and above can draw salary even if they are in the vacancy reserve. Normally, the government or the district bosses send officials facing various charges to VR on disciplinary grounds. But Gupta has reportedly kept the inspectors in VR without any specific reason, complained a senior inspector. Sources said a few inspectors had already approached director general of police V Dinesh Reddy and sought his intervention.Although political pressure in transfer of inspectors is common, keeping so many officials in VR for a long time is creating ripples in the department. \"How can we survive without salaries,\" rued an inspector on the condition of anonymity. While Chenchu Ramaiah of Ongole has been kept in VR for nearly nine months, another inspector D Venkanna Chowdary is left to languish in the police training college, considered a punishment posting, for over eight years.On the other hand, inspectors like Durgaprasad, Seetharamaiah, Ch Srinivasa Rao, Ramanjaneyulu, K Ramasubbarao, Ravi Kumar and Balaji continue to serve the urban station for nearly a decade.Sources said at least two dozen 'influential' inspectors were clinging to prime postings by using their clout in political circles. \"Inspector Rathaiah has been confined to the Government Railway Police (GRP) for nearly 11 years as he did not have the backing of any public representative to get a plum post. In such cases, the IG should take corrective measures by appointing them in law and order circles,\" a senior police officer said. \"A thorough probe into the irregularities in the posting of inspectors in Guntur range would bring out several facts to light,\" said retired police official Bh Pridhvinarayana. Pridhvi, who served as state police officers association president in the past, is contemplating to move a petition on the issue in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15521252", "title": "Shiv Sena corporator Jamsandekar murder verdict on Tuesday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Special Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (Mcoca) court is likely to pronounce the judgment in the murder case of Shiv Sena corporator Kamlakar Jamsandekar on Tuesday.In July, a prime accused in the murder died in a city based hospital. The accused Bala Surve, was suffering from several ailments including diabetes. At the time of his death he was under dialysis and had stopped responding to treatment over the past few days.According to the prosecution Surve was arrested for his alleged role in the contract killing. It was he who had allegedly approached gangster-turned-politician Arul Gawli to eliminate Jamsandekar. According to the defence, Surve's death will have no bearing on the case. The prosecution informed the court about his death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509942", "title": "Sachin Tendulkar gears up for Kiwi series", "text": "BANGALORE: After a well-deserved break of two months, Sachin Tendulkar seems mighty serious about his business as the master blaster began his preparation for the upcoming home series against New Zealand at the National Cricket Academy here.Tendulkar, who arrived at the NCA on Wednesday afternoon, started his session facing the net bowlers and pacer Zaheer Khan , who is undergoing a rehabilitation programme for the last few weeks.After taking on the bowlers for nearly an hour, Tendulkar, who last played in the Indian Premier League in May, seemed satisfied with his batting. Later, he faced throw-downs from NCA training assistant Raghavendra for another hour. The maestro, who was assisted by NCA batting coach Dinesh Nanavati, is likely to continue his stint for another four days.Tendulkar, who opted out of India's short tour of Sri Lanka , is now all set to return to action when India hosts New Zealand for a two-Test series. The first match begins in Hyderabad next Thursday.Bangalore will host the second Test, beginning on August 31, while the two Twenty20 matches will be played Visakhapatnam (September 8) and Chennai (September 11).After the day's session, when reminded that he completed 22 years since his maiden ton as of Tuesday, Tendulkar said: \"Yeah, that was way back in 1990. Coincidence what else can I say... wonderful memories.\"The 39-year-old, now a Member of Parliament, scored his first international ton (119 in the second innings) at Old Trafford on August 14 in the drawn Test against England.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15512723", "title": "Fearing attacks, 5000 people from northeast flee Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: People from the northeast are leaving Bangalore in hordes following wild rumours that they would be targeted even as Karnataka's top cop has sought to allay their fears by promising them full protection.Hundreds of people from the region are headed home if one goes by the number of tickets sold by the railways.Railway authorities confirm they have sold nearly 5,000 tickets to people bound for Guwahati and beyond.We are overbooked.We have arranged a 20-compartment special train to Guwahati, N Ramesh,senior deputy commercial manager (railways ),Bangalore division,said.Given the rush for tick ets,we may have to arrange more trains, Ramesh said.IGP Lalrokhuma Pachau attributed the apprehensions to rumours and said no incident of intimidation of northeastern people has come to the notice of police.Commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said the cops are ready to go to the door steps of northeastern stu dents if there is any instance of them being threatened.The panic reaction comes in the wake of rumours being spread through SMSs,chain mails and social networking sites that people from the northeast would be attacked in Bangalore.Intelligence sou rces said at least 4,000 people flocked to the Bangalore City railway station on Wednes day evening to board the two trains to Guwahati.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515530", "title": "Dhanush in Bhuj", "text": "Dhanush seems to be enjoying every bit shooting in Bhuj, for his upcoming film, Mariyaan. The Tamil actor, who is on a high, after his Why this Kolaveri Di? became an internet sensation, is now lying low and is shooting discretely in Bhuj. Reports have it that the actor pleaded with Bharath Bala to shoot the film quietly in Gujarat. This is believed to be the last schedule of the film. A majority of the films' portions were shot in the deserts of Namibia . Mariyaan has Lakshmi Menon playing the female lead and National-Award-winning Appukkutty in a pivotal role. The film, which has music by AR Rahman, is touted to be one of the highlights in Dhanush's career. The songs we hear have come out really well. Director of Photography Marc Koninckx from France has cranked the camera for the film. Dhanush also has in his kitty Sargunam's Sotta Vazhakutty, his B-town debut Raanjhnaa directed by Aanand Rai, which has Sonam Kapoor playing the female lead. Once he wraps up the shoot for these portions, he will begin shooting for Vetrimaaran's untitled film early next year. It looks like it's going to be one busy year for the Kolaveri star. Way to go Dhanush!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511121", "title": "Twin archway and a pillar to mark 150 years of HC", "text": "CHENNAI: A giant 40-foot twin arch and an 18-foot decorated commemorative pillar are set to come up in the Madras high court campus to mark 150 years of the court.Established by a charter of Queen Victoria in 1862, the high court is in the middle of its 150th year celebrations which will end with a valedictory on September 8, in which President Pranab Mukherjee is expected to participate.On Wednesday, moments after hoisting the national flag on the occasion of 66th Independence Day, Chief Justice M Y Eqbal, accompanied by Justice Elipe Dharma Rao, Justice D Murugesan and others, laid the foundation for the pillar at a vacant spot near the government pleader's office. The pillar is likely to be completed in two months.The southern entrance of the court premises will get the twin arch, which will have a 30-foot-high main structure and a 10-foot-high second structure on top of it. It will take four to five months to complete the work, court sources said.Chief Justice Eqbal unveiled a plaque for both the structures in the presence of judges and Bar leaders, including the Madras Bar Association president R Muthukumarasamy.Later, in his brief interaction with mediapersons, he said the pendency of various types of cases had come down drastically both in the subordinate judiciary and in the high court during the sesquicentennial celebrations period. While inaugurating the celebrations in September last year, the Chief Justice had vowed to achieve nil pendency in cheque bounce cases and achieve significant progress in the disposal of motor accident claims cases.The high court administration has made elaborate arrangements for the valedictory function, where besides the President, Supreme Court judges and governors are expected to participate. A glossy souvenir has been planned for the occasion, and judges have submitted their special write-ups for the book. Last week, the top three judges of the high court -- Chief Justice M Y Eqbal, Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice D Murugesan -- met chief minister J Jayalalithaa in this regard. The government, in its press release, however, described it as a courtesy meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15509642", "title": "Every Goan must live happily: Minister Avertano Furtado", "text": "MARGAO: Stating that the government was working towards making Goa a modern state in the country, Labour and Fisheries minister Avertano Furtado, who is Navelim MLA, unfurled the national tricolour flag on 66th Independence Day celebration at the South Goa collectorate building, on Wednesday.\"Goa is known for its communal harmony world over and I urge the people to work hand in hand and this unity with a renewed will and vigour can take Goa further on the path of progress and prosperity,\" Furtado added.The labour minister paying rich tributes to the freedom fighters said independence day is an appropriate occasion to recall the supreme sacrifices made by freedom fighters for the cause of India's independence and mentioned that Goa, though liberated from the colonial rule of Portuguese, 14 years after India's independence, has made tremendous and spectacular progress in almost all the areas.\"It is the endevaour of this government to ensure that every Goan lives happily and informed that the government has increased the daily wages from Rs 150 to Rs 225 while highlighting the various welfare schemes implemented for the people of the State\" added Furtado.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15518588", "title": "25 Shias shot dead in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: In a sign of growing sectarian conflict in Pakistan, as many as 25 Shias were killed when they were forced to disembark from a passenger bus and gunned down at point blank range by extremists as they were traveling from Rawalpindi to northern region of Gilgit-Baltistan on Thursday.The incident occurred in Naran valley of Manshera district in Khyber-Paktunkwa province, around 180 kilometres north of Islamabad .\"About 10 to 12 people wearing army uniform stopped the bus and forced some people off the bus,\" Khalid Omarzai, the top administrative official told a news agency.\"After checking their papers, they opened fire and at least 20 people are reported to have been killed. This is initial information and the final toll may go up. They are all Shias,\" he said.Shafiq Gul, a local police official, however, gave a different account saying that the victims were pulled from three separate vehicles by some15 masked gunmen after identifying them as Shias. \"They stopped three vehicles, searched them and picked up people in three batches of five, six and nine and shot them dead. They were all Shias,\" he told media.Also on Thursday, unknown gunmen riding on motorbike opened fire on a group of Hazara community of Shia sect in Quetta city of Baluchistan province, killing three of their members.Attacks on Shias in recent years shows that sectarian violence remains as deadly as killings instigated by al-Qaida and the Taliban. Pakistan has the second largest Shia population after Iran: approximately 50 million. Extremist Sunni militant groups often target religious minorities, especially Shias, in Pakistan.The Shia and other minority communities say those behind the violence - such as the banned Sunni militant organization Lashkar-e-Jhangvi - are rarely caught or punished.Sunni extremists allied to or inspired by al-Qaida and the Taliban routinely attack government and security forces in different parts of Pakistan, in addition to religious minorities and other Muslim sects they consider to be infidels.In February, unknown assailants killed at least 18 Shia bus passengers in a sectarian attack in the northern district of Kohistan on Karakoram Highway.Last year, Lashkar-e-Jhangvi militants stopped a bus and killed 26 Shia pilgrims travelling on a bus in Baluchistan province. A predominantly Punjabi group, Lashkar-e-Jhangvi was linked with the 2002 murder of US reporter Daniel Pearl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15509496", "title": "Protests mar celebrations", "text": "Protests and some untoward incidents marked Independence day celebrations across the state.At Field Marshal Manekshaw Parade Grounds in Bangalore, an RTI activist flung pamphlets at chief minister Jagadish Shettar demanding the appointment of a Lokayukta. He was immediately whisked away by police. Jayakumar Hiremath, who was in the VIP enclave, threw pamphlets when Shettar was inspecting the parade in a vehicle. The unruffled CM continued the inspection.Police sources said Hiremath was released later and no case was booked against him.The post of Lokayukta has been lying vacant since September 19, 2011 after former Supreme Court Judge Shivaraj Patil quit following allegations of getting land allotment in violation of rules.Celebrations were disrupted for a while in some districts of north Karnataka as members of Madigas (scheduled caste) community staged a protest wielding black flags demanding internal reservation for them. protesters waylaid the car of Raichur district in-charge minister Anand Asnotikar in Raichur and industries minister Murgesh Nirani in Koppal.At a taluk panchayat office in Gadag district, a monkey managed to unfurl the flag.Sidelights* Jagadish Shetter unfurled the tricolour and received the guard of honour amid cheers by about 8,000 people. These included hundreds of youths sporting colourful dresses, waving the national flag and singing patriotic songs* An impressive march past was taken out by contingents of Karnataka State Reserve Police, Rapid Action Force, Railway Police Force, Home Guards, fire brigade, National Cadet Corps, traffic wardens, Bharat Scouts &amp; Guides, Seva Dal volunteers and about 1,000 boys and girls from schools across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15521782", "title": "Mumbai police to wait till Eid for Azad Maidan rioters arrest", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police will now have to wait for at least another one week to arrest the rest of around two dozen suspects accused of rioting, arson and assaulting policemen in the Saturday's protest at Azad Maidan.Crime branch on Tuesday had said that they have identified around 35 to 40 youths from various parts of Mumbai for the Saturday's rioting. On Saturday, the Muslim organisations had staged a morcha at Azad Maidan ground to protest the atrocities on Muslims in Burma and Myanmar . The protest turned violent after one of the notorious group attacked the policemen leading to police firing in which two persons were killed and 63 persons including 58 policemen were injured.Police had arrested 23 persons on Sunday responsible for the rioting and assaulting policemen. Now police have started identifying the suspects who were seen rioting and assualting policemen. On Wednesday night police arrested Salim Chuakiya from Oshiwara after two policemen identified him through the CCTV footage circulated by the police.Sources said that many of the protestors are now scared and wants to surrender before the police but they dont want to spend their festival-Ramzan Eid inside the police lockups. \"My friend Munir wants to surrender before the police as he is seen in the protest rally, but he said that he will surrender only after spending the Eid,'' said Zuber Khan from Crawford Market area. Munir is not alone there are few others who have been advised by their lawyers to surrender only after the Idd celebration.Sources said that these people have been advised by the lawyers to go underground or stay away from their permanent houses as police as well zero numbers (police informers) are moving around fishing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15511419", "title": "MCG scheme hits a roadblock", "text": "GURGAON: The plans of the mayor and his team to generate some money by implementing the TP (town planning) scheme in the municipal corporation area would have to wait. For the past one year, this team has been pushing to pass this proposal in all the House meetings but has faced stiff resistance from the opposition members.According to this scheme, individual residents can come together and mainly build group housing societies. The ruling party councillors were hoping to generate close to Rs 80 crore once this proposal is approved by the House.However, they would not be able to do so anytime soon because of the changes in the criteria brought in by the town and country planning department. According to sources, the scheme can now be only implemented in areas that have an occupancy level of over 75% and are also developed 75%.\"This scheme cannot be implemented in the MCG area in the near future as the areas are yet to be developed fully and the occupancy levels are not as per the criteria of the town and country planning department. The new rules say that the development of an area is to be done in a phased manner and therefore schemes such as the town planning scheme would have to meet certain criteria and only then can they become a reality,\" said an official of the chief town planner's office.The scheme has faced lot of opposition from Day 1 with a section of the councillors accusing the mayor and his team of giving away land to private players at giveaway prices. \"Nobody knows for sure what this scheme is all about and we never had any discussion about it in the House meetings. The mayor wants to pass this resolution in a hurried manner before anyone understands this scheme fully, which to my knowledge is favourable to only a few. There should be a proper discussion on this important topic and only then should it get passed,\" said a councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510239", "title": "Chat with Delhi University V-C via video conferencing", "text": "NEW DELHI: No matter how far or near your college is, Delhi University administration is going to be just a click away to hear out your grievances and suggestions. Following the feedback of teachers and students, DU vice chancellor has decided to keep in regular touch with students in off-campus colleges.Each college is to have a room specifically for this purpose from where the students and teachers can connect to the VC, Dinesh Singh, via video conferencing and other platform using the high bandwidth provided under the National Knowledge Network.So far students could reach the VC through email. But during his visit to off-campus colleges and through the feedback DU administration sought during his first meeting with students in the North Campus, Singh realized that there is a disconnect to be bridged. Singh and his team visited Bhagini Nivedita College near Najafgarh on the first day of the new session only to see that teachers were missing and students had a lot to share.\"They have so much to share and we have at our disposal the technology to bring them (off-campus colleges) closer. Through this students and teachers will have a direct access to me. It will also help the administration make them aware of so many developments,\" said Singh.According to Singh this will also make the students in off-campus colleges aware of the university set up or the administration. Interestingly, during his visit to the Bhagini Nivedita College most students could not identify the VC or most of his team members.But students feel more needs to be done to make the off-campus colleges feel to be a part of the DU. Ramesh, a second year student of Keshav Mahavidyalaya in Pitampura said that more cultural activities among colleges will help ease the disconnect.Another student of Swami Shraddhanand College, Alipur said: \"Though this is a small start, we hope it doesn't just remain on the paper and we do get the chance to interact with the DU VC. We have a lot to share.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "15510378", "title": "Fire tragedy: Cases against thermal plant officials", "text": "TUTICORIN: Police have registered cases against authorities of the thermal plant at Tuticorin for negligence and lack of safety measures after a fire that broke out on Tuesday caused the death of four people. Though police have not named any one in particular, the safety and security officials in the plant are likely to be questioned for the ghastly fire.Meanwhile, relatives of the four deceased refused to receive the bodies of their kin demanding compensation from the thermal plant company. Police and revenue officials are holding talks with the relatives along with representatives from Ind Barath Power Infra Limited, the company owning the thermal plant.\"We have registered cases under five Sections of the IPC on several charges, including causing death by negligence,\" said a police official. The ghastly accident at the private thermal plant occurred when the conveyor belt moving coal caught fire reportedly due to friction.The employees reportedly spotted the fire in the third storey of the building where the crusher house was located and rushed there to put off the fire. When the raging fire spread uncontrollably, the workers started suffocating and jumped down a height of 25 metres. They had suffered burn as well as injuries due to the fall.While four of them died, six were admitted to the hospital with severe injuries. \"They are out of danger. One person has suffered a fracture and is provided critical care, while others are recuperating,\" police said.The plant is yet to start functioning as the crusher house had suffered severe damage to the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517021", "title": "Regular oral contraceptives ease menstrual pain", "text": "Taking oral contraceptive pills continuously, rather than as traditionally prescribed for each cycle, provides earlier relief from moderate to severe menstrual cramps , a new study has claimed.The severe pain - dysmenorrhea - occurs during menstruation, resulting from abnormal uterine contractions, increased sensitivity to pain and added pressure in the pelvic area.It is often accompanied by nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, headache and fatigue.\"Between 50 and 90 percent of women suffer from this condition, and it can really limit work, school, or athletic performance,\" Dr. Richard Legro, professor of obstetrics and gynecology at Penn State College of Medicine, said.\"Previous studies have estimated that dysmenorrhea accounts for 600 million lost work hours and $2 billion annually,\" he said.Participants in the study suffered from unexplained menstrual pain. Their pain was not attributable to previous surgeries, ovarian cysts, endometriosis , or other pelvic or bowel diseases.\"Oral contraceptives are often prescribed to treat this condition, since reducing menstruation is a relatively straightforward way to relieve this cramping,\" Legro said.\"However, we wanted to determine whether there was a measurable difference between cyclic and continuous oral contraceptive treatment methods,\" he said.Cyclic treatment with oral contraceptives mimic a woman's natural cycle by preventing menstruation for 21 days, then stopping the pills for the next 7 so bleeding can occur.The continuous method consists of 28 days of active contraception, with no break for menstruation.After six months of evaluation, both treatment groups experienced a significant reduction in menstrual pain. However, women taking the continuous contraceptive treatment reported significant pain relief earlier due to the uninterrupted nature of treatment.While there is little or no difference in the composition of these two methods - only the time they're taken - there are different side effects with each.The study has been published in Obstetrics and Gynecology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15521363", "title": "Bihar to showcase the revival of \u2018Dastangoi\u2019", "text": "PATNA: In Persia there was, once a popular art form of telling a story, which was known as \"Dastangoi\". 'Dastangoi' is a compound of two Persian words, Dastan and Goi which means to tell a 'Dastan' or story. In this unique art of storytelling, where the narrator or 'Dastangos' uses nothing more than his voice to tell stories of war , love and ronace.This unique art form of storytelling would be revived here at Patna on August 26 by a group of art lovers and professionals. A city based cultural outfit 'Navras School of Performing Art' and department of art, culture and youth programme, government of Bihar , would be jointly organising this first ever unique event in the city'Dastangoi' is now being revived and popularized by Mahmood Farooqui and Danish Hussain would be star attraction of the concert in the city. Farooqui is a Rhodes scholar, historian, author of 'Besieged voices from Delhi 1857' and director of 'Peepli Live'.\"Reviving a vanished tradition by actually performing the dastans is a challenge, as no living person has seen a dastango in action and records of performances are scarce. \" said its main organiser Dr Ajit Pradhan.Modernity and influence of the western way of life and language took its toll on \"Dastangoi\" popularity till it slowly faded out of the popular perception mainly due to lack of patronage and cultural politics of that time. Unlike folk forms or plain storytelling, Dastangoi is a formal style bound by his own conventions, characters and huge field of play, says Dr Pradhan who is a noted cardiac surgeon in the city.\"Its an art of composition and performance, wovering extemporaneously as one is narrating it and Dastangos perform without leaving their seats - trading costumes, music and stagecraft for sheer poetic jugglery. It's a battle of wits; a storytelling qawwal\", Dr Pradhan told TOI.In the process of telling the story the narrators freely borrows tropes and themes from other stories, thus Rumi's 'Masnavi' and Arabian Nights may contain stories from Panchatantra tradition. \"The 'Dastans' have every element of a modern Masala film. They speak of everything from whoring to trickery and betrayal. The usual stage with its music, cast of characters, fancy lights and costume is dispensed with and herein 'Dastangoi' relies entirely on wit, storytelling skill, energy and charisma of the story teller and above all how effectively he is able to rally the imaginative and visual faculty of the audience ultimately\", Pradhan said.Another attraction of the concert would be Rajasthani folk tale. 'Dastan - e - Chouboli' is a Rajasthani folk tale presented in the Dastangoi style. It's a tale of a beautiful princess who has vowed to marry only a man who can make her speak four times in a single night, the 'dastan' featuring imprisoned princess, proud Rajput Thakur's who shoot arrows through their wives nose rings, and cleaver women who outwit their menfolk, incorporates many stories within stories. - that will take you into realm of fantasy and leave you intoxicated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515845", "title": "Rajamouli drops in on the sets of Nani\u2019s film", "text": "Rajamouli, who is currently holidaying with his family in Goa, paid a surprise visit on the sets of Nani's forthcoming movie \"Jenda Pai Kapiraju\". The director, along with his wife Rama Rajamouli, son Karthikeya and other family members, dropped in on the sets of Nani's movie to catch up with the crew.Nani and Rajamouli, who recently delivered the super hit film \"Eega\", caught up with each other and spent some quality time on the sets. Jenda Pai Kapiraju has Nani and Amala Paul in the lead roles, directed by Samudrakhani and produced by KS Srinivasan. Jayam Ravi and Amala Paul are reprising the lead roles in the Tamil version. This is Samuthirakani's second straight Telugu film after Shambo Shiva Shambo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "socorro", "code": "15509546", "title": "Socorro parties with prayer, patoieos and patriotism", "text": "SOCORRO: The aroma of coconut jaggery and freshly-steamed rice wrapped in turmeric leaves wafted across the church compound in Socorro as the village celebrated its first-ever Patoiechem Fest on Wednesday.The celebration of the feast of Our Lady of Assumption and India's Independence Day saw the church compound resemble the Gaulish village of the fabled Asterix and Obelix, with the villagers gathering around for one big party.It was a time when those who never performed in their lives became performers for a day, when all resources, including putting up its own home-grown band comprising members from well-known bands in the state, were drawn from the village. The icing on the cake was a performance from the famed jazz reedman, Braz Gonsalves, even as the villagers rhythmically clapped with coconut shells and kept the beat going for its home-grown band to take over.\"The response has come straight from the heart. We gave the villagers freedom to do what they wanted for a day and they responded splendidly. The women of Socorro take 70% credit for organizing this successful festival,\" said Mario Fernandes, a NRI, who coordinated the event along with the Socorro parish priest, Fr Santana Carvalho, who also compered the occasion.After a procession of the seven vaddos of Socorro bearing their respective flags and a prayer service, the national flag was unfurled and the event was kick-started with kite-flying by children. This was followed by around 400 performers taking part in 44 items, which included with dances, traditional song, mimes, skits and patriotic songs. This was interspersed with traditional games including 'god'deanim' (marbles), 'longd'deanim' (hopscotch) and an improvisation of the game 'passing-the-parcel' with 'passing-of-the-budkulo'.On display were live demonstrations of traditional occupations of the village, including pottery-making, weaving of coconut leaves and chair weavers.The eco-friendly theme adopted saw villagers drinking pez and vonn from coconut shells, and traditional food served in potrios (plates made from dried leaves). The kitchen counter itself was a hut made of coconut leaves and decorated with local fruit.\"Where do we go from here? We're going to create a database of musicians, shop keepers, pickle-makers, bakers, plumbers, electricians etc; put up a website and create new employment for villagers,\" said Fernandes.Wednesday's event was totally community-based with no sponsors, chief guest, plastics, alcohol, prizes and competitions. Politicians did make their presence felt with Aldona MLA Glenn Souza Ticlo, a native of Socorro himself, and Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte mingling among the crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511181", "title": "Army man cheats widow, arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police arrested an Army man, Siva, 36, on charges of cheating a widow. Bharathi, 33, a resident of Chitlapakkam, complained to police that Siva had a physical relationship with her after promising to marry her, but he ditched her.Police said Siva has been speaking to Bharathi over phone for the past 18 months. He called her last week to say that he was coming on two months vacation to his home town Thirukovilur near Villupuram. As per their plan, Bharathi received him at Egmore railway station. They went to the house of Siva's friend Prabhu. They decided to get married, but as Siva was leaving, he went back on his promise, Bharathi said in her complaint.Police arrested Siva and remanded him in prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515793", "title": "Bigul's remake rights sold", "text": "In a first of sorts in Bhojpuri film industry Bigul's remake rights were sold to RA Films. Till now only Bollywood and South Indian film industry's flicks have enjoyed the status of being remade into new films and now Bhojpuri too is in the race. Gujarat based RA Films has bought the rights of the film for a Gujarati flick.R A films is one of the most renouned production house in Gujrat.For the Gujrati remake of 'Bigul' no name has been fixed yet. Director Ravikanth has also said, \"Not a single frame of my movie is a copy of any other movie. It's purely original.\"Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511238", "title": "Divorce notice shocker ends in drunk driving tragedy, 2 dead", "text": "MUMBAI: A drinking binge that followed a divorce notice led to a tragedy on the Airoli-Mulund Link Road early Wednesday morning . An MUV being driven by one of the four inebriated friends rammed into a divider soon after crossing the Link Road towards Mulund , leaving two dead and the other two seriously injured.According to police, the vehicle belonged to one Prince Chavan (22), who is critically injured. He had reportedly learnt to drive only recently.The \"party\" was planned after one of the deceased, Diva resident Sachin Bhamne (23), received a divorce notice from his wife on Tuesday morning. An upset Bhamne called his friends over, and they drank from 12.30pm till midnight. All four were unemployed.Vehicle owner did not have licence Tuesday night's accident on Airoli-Mulund Link Road bridge involving four drunk friends occurred soon after the men, while fighting over who should drive the Xylo, lost control of the vehicle, the police said. Other motorists passing by the spot around at 1.40am informed Airoli toll naka officials about the mishap . They, in turn, called Navghar police at Mulund (East).While the vehicle owner Prince Chavan and Hemant Dasla (21) sustained serious injuries and were admitted to Sion Hospital, Diva's Sachin Bhamne and Dombivli's Gaurav Mandal (27) were killed on the spot. The post-mo rtems were done at Rajawadi Hospi tal in Ghatkopar and their bodies cremated on Wednesday evening.Doctors at Sion Hospital said Chavan was stable, though he would require prolonged medical care. \"He has sustained deep bone injuries on his face,\" said assistant dean Dr Rakesh Verma. \"His right eye is badly hurt. He has also suffered a tigh fracture.\" Dasla has fractured his right arm.TOI learnt from the accident victims' friends that Bhamne, a resident of Bholenath Complex in Diva, called his friends for a drink. \"They drove to Dombivli in Chavan's vehicle from where they picked up Mandal. At 12.30pm, they reached a hotel on Kalyan-Shil Road and after drinking till eve n ing, they went to a dhaba at Shi l phata ,\" said Ganesh Kakde, a friend.Kakde said that Bhamne was depressed. \"He got married two years ago but his wife was dissatisfied due to some of health problems he faced. He did not inform his parents about the notice, which was with him when he died.\"The victims' friends said Chavan drove the vehicle without his father's knowledge. They feared the worst and called Dasla at midnight and asked him to not allow Chavan to drive as he did not have a licence.\"They all tried to convince Chavan to stop. He was unwilling to listen and during the confusion that ensued, he rammed into the divider,\" said Mahadev Gu ndewadi of police (Mulund division). Inspector Ashok Borade said Chavan had been booked under Section 379 for rash driving and 338 for causing grievous hurt by an act endangering the life or personal safety of others. He has also been booked under Motor Vehicles Act for driving dangerously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15510472", "title": "Sarabjit fears poisoning in Pakistan prison", "text": "AMRITSAR: Indian death row convict Sarabjit Singh has alleged poisoning and \"mental torture\" by officials at Pakistan's Kot Lakhpat Jail in a letter written to his sister, Dalbir Kaur. Quoting Sarabjit's letter, Dalbir said her brother expressed doubts over the food being served to him in jail saying he suspected it was laced with poison. The letter reached Sarabjit's sister through his lawyer Awais Sheikh.In the letter, Sarabjit has accused Kot Lakhpat jail officials of conspiring to drive him insane. \"They make fun of me when I ask them for painkillers,\" alleged Sarabjit. He also said that his health has deteriorated in the past two months because of slow poisoning.Ensure medical help to Sarabjit, sister saysSarabjit Singh has claimed that jail authorities were issuing veiled threats while humiliating him whenever he sought medical help or better food. \"They tell me that they will send my mortal remains to India,\" he wrote to his sister Dalbir Kaur.An alarmed Dalbir has appealed to the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to instruct the Indian high commission in Islamabad to intervene immediately and get Sarabjit medically examined. \"According to his letter, the food served to him needs to be examined. He should get the best medical treatment\" she said. Dalbir added that Sarabjit said the jail superintendent had banned his meeting with Indian prisoners every Saturday and Sunday, she said.In another letter to Sonia Gandhi , Sarabjit has appealed for diplomatic intervention for visas for his family members in India so that they can visit him in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513537", "title": "Meera\u2019s wish list for Onam", "text": "Mollywood actress Meera Nandan , who is busy with the shoot of Shaji Kailas' movie Madirashi, says it had been a busy year for her shooting back-to-back movies, and she would love to go on a holiday this Onam.\"Every year I would be prepared to celebrate Onam with my parents and brother at home. However, something or the other would come up and I won't make it home for Onam,\" says the actress.So this year Meera has a wish list for Onam. \"I would love to visit Goa this Onam season. That is our plan as of now. But again, nothing has been confirmed yet since the shoot of my Kannada and Telugu movies are halfway through and they are yet to announce the dates for the second schedule,\" says the actress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509336", "title": "Consulates do not come under consumer courts", "text": "PANAJI: Foreign consulates do not come under the purview of Indian consumer courts and are not liable to pay compensation to an Indian citizen for errors in visas due to which an Indian is stopped from travelling abroad.The Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission consisting of commission president, Justice N A Britto, and member Jagdish G Prabhudesai, recently in its ruling said consulates are sovereign. The commission set aside the order of the North Goa district consumer forum which had awarded damages to a Goan man who could not travel to Portugal because the Portuguese consulate in Goa entered wrong dates in his visa.Joao Xavier Ramos Fonseca from Salvador do Mundo and his wife had decided to go to Lourdes in France and Fatima in Portugal on a pilgrimage to celebrate their silver wedding anniversary on September 30, 2008. Fonseca approached the consulate general of Portugal in Goa for a Schengen visa, paid 60 equivalent to 3,923 and obtained the visa.As Fonseca's wife was based in Doha, she obtained her visa from the embassy at Qatar. Fonseca proceeded to Doha and both were to proceed to France and Portugal via Paris on October 15, 2008. At the airport, Fonseca was stopped because his visa was stamped from October 6, 2009 to November 19, 2009 instead of October 6, 2008 to November 19, 2008.Fonseca and his wife did not board the plane to Paris. He contacted the Portuguese consulate and requested for assistance. The consulate advised him to courier his passport so that they could rectify the mistake but Fonseca declined as he was already on foreign land and needed the passport.Fonseca claimed that he lost the payments made towards accommodation in Rome, etc, totaling 1,07,405.80.Fonseca's contention is that the consulate committed a gross deficiency in service. On July 28, 2010, he filed a complaint seeking to recover 1,07,405.80, compensation of 5,00,000 and 1,50,000. The consulate argued that Fonseca should have pointed out the mistake at the time of collecting the visa itself.The North Goa district consumer forum issued an ex-parte order on January 20, 2011, in his favour. Dissatisfied with the compensation awarded, Fonseca appealed to the Goa state consumer disputes redressal commission.Fonseca's counsel N G Kamat argued that issuing of visa is a \"service\" for consideration. He submitted that the mistake made by the Portuguese consulate amounts to deficiency and that the remedy can be availed under the Consumer Protection Act.Amicus curiae Raunaq Rao submitted that the consulate do not perform commercial activity, that the grant or rejection of a visa is subject to a case-to-case basis and the same cannot qualify as rendering of any service for consideration.He submitted that while applying for a visa a citizen does not hire the services of the authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15511009", "title": "Assange asylum: Ecuador president on sticky wicket", "text": "LONDON: Ecuador's Leftwing president, Rafael Correa, \"strenuously denied\" on Wednesday reports in a section of the British press that Ecuador has decided to grant political asylum to Julian Assange, founder of the whistle-blowing website, WikiLeaks, who sought sanctuary in the Ecuadorian embassy in London on June 19 last and is lodged there since.The Guardian newspaper reported on its website on Tuesday night that Correa had agreed to grant Assange asylum, quoting officials within Ecuador's government said to be familiar with \"government discussions\" (on the matter) in Quito. The Australian formally applied for political asylum when he entered the Ecuadorian mission , within which he has enjoyed diplomatic immunity.On Monday, Correa, who has said he will take a sovereign decision on Assange, told a state-run TV he would decide this week on the issue. He added that a large amount of material about international law had to be examined to make a responsible, informed decision.In April, Assange had interviewed Correa for his TV show on Russia Today. In the 75-minute programme Assange and Correa bonded over freedom of speech and the negative role of the US in Latin America. Correa has this year cracked down on private media. Analysts say that granting asylum to Assange could be a way for him to depict himself as a champion of free of speech ahead of next February's presidential elections.On Monday a government-owned daily in Ecuador, El Telegrafo , claimed a decision had already been made, although it did not specify what this was. Besides, Maria Augusta Calle, a legislator in Correa's party, said, \"Our comrade the president, who leads our international policy, will grant Julian Assange asylum.\"But it remains unclear as to how Assange would leave Britain even if he is granted asylum in Ecuador. British Police have said he will be arrested for violation of his bail conditions the moment he steps out of the Ecuadorian embassy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511516", "title": "Sold by mother, woman escapes prostitution ring", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old woman was rescued at Semmanchery on Tuesday from the custody of an autorickshaw driver to whom she had allegedly been sold by her mother, police said.However, the woman's mother was let off after being questioned. The auto driver, Ramesh of Neelankarai, was also released after being booked under Section 75 (nuisance) of the Madras City Police Act.A policeman at the Neelankarai station said, \"If the woman who was rescued lodges a complaint against her mother and the auto driver, we will take action.\"Preliminary inquiries revealed that Mohana (name changed), whose husband died a few years ago, and her mother, a labourer, lived at Neealankarai and were struggling to make ends meet.On Tuesday, police said, Mohana's mother invited Ramesh, a resident of the same locality, to her house and asked Mohana to go with him after allegedly collecting Rs 5,000.Ramesh took her to a house in Semmanchery and left. He had apparently informed some of his friends as, shortly, several men began entering the room one after the other, police said. Seeing so many strangers, a panicked Mohana managed to get out of the room and run onto the street. She spotted a police patrol vehicle and complained to the personnel that an attempt was made to force her into prostitution by her own mother and the auto driver.Police personnel immediately rushed into the house and nabbed Ramesh. After finding out, during the interrogation, that he had brought the woman from her house in Neelankarai, the patrol wing handed over the auto driver and the woman to the Neelankarai police. Mohana's mother, too, was summoned to the station and questioned before being allowed to go. Ramesh was booked under a minor charge.When contacted, Neelankarai assistant commissioner of police Uma Sankar said, \"I am not aware of the incident. Had a case been registered, the police personnel would have alerted me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513743", "title": "Shaan Rahman and his Kolaveri success story!", "text": "It's a known fact that composers Shaan Rahman and Deepak Dev are thick friends. In fact, the latter even had Shaan crooning in a few flicks he scored the music for.Shaan tells us, \"We recorded the songs of Thattathin Marayathu at Deepak's studio in Chennai. He never interfered in the recording, but he did come and see how the recording is progressing. Deepak Dev has always been a strong pillar of support,\" says Shaan, adding, \"In fact, when the songs began gaining appreciation, he patted me on my back, saying the songs have earned a Kolaver i success! He was as excited as I was,\" says Shaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15518042", "title": "Balika set the trend for many shows: Pratyusha Banerjee", "text": "Trends are becoming common in TV serials today. What is shown in one serial is quickly aped by another. From rain sequences, to deaths, to time leaps and jail sequences, originality seems to be dying.The leap sequence seems to be the most common. Shows like Uttaran, Parichay- Nayee Zindagi Kay Sapno Ka and Bade Achhe Lagte Hain fast forwarded to a few years ahead, wherein the time leap took place for various reasons.Actor Pratyusha Banerjee, aka Anandi of Balika Vadhu fame feels that a lot of shows have copied some sequences from Balika Vadhu . \"Trends are copied in our industry. If one show does something, the other shows also do it. At least if they are copying, they should make it look original, as if they have invented it for their show\".Balika Vadhu was one of the first few shows where the female protagonist (Anandi aka Pratyusha) separated from her husband and got the full support from her in-laws. This pattern was followed in other shows as well. But the herd mentality doesn't end here.Currently, there are three shows on Indian television where the lead protagonist is suffering from some sort of severe illness be it Indira in Hitler Didi or Toasty in Saas Bina Sasural or Maanvi from Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hain .Is this an effect of the TRP craze?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15510122", "title": "Relatives suspect cover-up in suicide at juvenile home", "text": "COIMBATORE: The alleged suicide by hanging of an 18-year-old inmate of the juvenile observation home here in the city on Monday is turning murkier after his parents accused the authorities of foul play.The two main ambiguous points in the incident are that the windows in the observation home are not placed at a height from which the victim, V Manikandan, could have hanged himself. The claim that he reportedly made a noose using his denim jeans pants and a piece of towel to take his own life has not convinced his relatives.Police officials now claim it could be a case of partial hanging in the observation home since the windows are just a few feet up the walls from the ground. \"As far as the death is concerned it could have been a case of 'partial hanging' and we are now waiting for the magistrate's report in the incident,\" said a senior police official.Another disparity pointed out in the incident is that fellow inmates of the home have given positive statements about Manikandan whereas the officials at the observation home gave an extremely negative feedback about his character.\"Mani was named in some criminal cases after he became involved with some local boys and was arrested by the police. He might have committed some mistakes but he did not deserve to die in this manner,\" said Janakiamma, Manikandan's 60-year-old grandmother in Sulur.When TOI visited the juvenile home on Wednesday, an officer from the department of social defence was present at the facility and claimed he was summoned to the home from Trichy and has been deployed there since Saturday.Usually, personnel from the department of social defence are summoned to juvenile homes only to deal with emergency situations.However, senior police officials claimed they have no knowledge that personnel from the department of social defence had arrived at the juvenile home.Manikandan was one of the 12 inmates who had managed to escape from the juvenile home in November 2011 but was recaptured shortly. Manikandan's uncle K Prakash suspected that Mani might have tried to escape again from the home since he was depressed and could have died of some physical excesses inflicted upon him when he tried to flee the facility.None of the officials have looked at this angle, but Manikandan was reportedly kept in an isolated room inside the room at the facility.\"It came as a shock to me when I read about his death in the newspaper. I still find it hard to believe that he committed suicide,' said a former inmate of the juvenile home from Sulur and Manikandan's close friend. He was arrested for possessing Ganja and sent to the home and soon both became friends after they met at the juvenile observation home in Pappanaickenpalayam.According to Janakiamma, Manikandan's father Vijayan had abandoned his mother Parimala a long time back and she later married his step father Krishnamoorthy.Manikandan was often left behind at Sulur in her care as both Parimala and Krishnamoorthy used to move around in search of construction work. Manikandan was arrested a few months back in connection with a two-wheeler theft case in Sulur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "eluru", "code": "15509397", "title": "Driver saves 60 after suffering heart attack", "text": "Eluru: An RTC bus driver who suffered a massive heart attack parked the vehicle to the roadside and saved the life of 60 passengers. Simhadri collapsed on the driver's wheel and died as the passengers heaved a sigh of relief. The incident took place at Yadavolu village in Devarapalli mandal in West Godavari district on Wednesday.Simhadri, who belonged to Jangareddygudem bus depot, was driving the bus when he suffered a heart attack at Yadavolu. Realising that he would ram the bus into the oncoming vehicles, Simhadri slowly turned the vehicle to the roadside and parked it safely. He later collapsed on the steering and died. Passengers, who were in danger as Simhadri was negotiating the bus after the attack, breathed easy. Some of them even cried for the driver. \"He showed remarkable alacrity in taking the bus to the side and saved our lives. Had he collapsed on the wheel in the middle of the road, it could have resulted in a major accident,\" one of the passengers said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "sydney", "code": "15515833", "title": "Steve Jobs' gadget helps track down burglar", "text": "SYDNEY: A burglar who broke into Steve Jobs' house in the US and stole late Apple co-founder's personal gadgets was caught shortly after he switched one of them on.Kariem McFarlin, 35, was arrested on August 2 and charged with residential burglary and selling stolen property from Jobs' home in California.According to police, McFarlin, targeted Jobs' unoccupied Palo Alto home because it was under renovation, the Herald Sun reports.McFarlin brought himself undone when he turned on one of Jobs' personal iOS devices.The device, likely to have been an iPhone or iPad, then 'phoned home,' the report said.Apple were able to trace the user's IP address, and forwarded details to police.The details of the July 17 theft, and the suspect's alleged confession, were reported Tuesday by the San Jose Mercury News .According to the police report, McFarlin even stole suitcases in order to carry out the Apple gadgets and jewellery he had collected.The burglar allegedly also made off with the Apple co-founder's wallet with a dollar inside and his driver's license.The report said that McFarlin acknowledged to police that he broke into other homes and also wrote an apology letter to Jobs' widow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515091", "title": "R-Patz vows to keep mum about split with Stewart", "text": "Robert Pattinson, who has split from long-term girlfriend Kristen Stewart after her philandering scandal , has vowed to \"stay professional\" despite all the heartache.The Brit hunk has agreed a peace pact with the 22-year-old and the duo has decided never to lift the lid on their break-up, the Daily Star reported.The star, who was holed up in his co-star Resee Witherspoon's holiday ranch after the twilight couple hit troubled waters, will be seen with his cheating ex during promotion of their upcoming movie 'Breaking Dawn 2'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515882", "title": "\u2018I love the diverse styles of Indian art\u2019", "text": "... says Kenyan artist Joseph Cartoon, who will be in the city to showcase his art.Is this the first time you are going to showcase your work in India? I exhibited my work in India last year in a gallery in Bangalore.What kind of art are you into? I work on contemporary African art, through which I explore different subjects and techniques.Do you have any idea about the Indian art scene? If yes , what do you think of it? I am a fan of Indian art. A few years ago, I bought a book on Indian art and I just love the colours and diverse styles.How did you come to take up art as a profession? My first four paintings were picked up by a collector and she helped me with art material to further my talent. Then I realized I could take up art as a profession. She promoted my art through a gallery in Nairobi.What is the inspiration for your art? I am inspired by African women and my art is based on the fabric prints of their outfits.Does your name, Joseph Cartoon, have any significance in terms of your art? Yes, it is an African family name.You have showcased your work in different countries. Which has been your favourite so far? Since 1997, I have exhibited my works at over 50 shows, group and solo, both locally and internationall. USA, Germany, Denmark and Korea are the largest buyers of my art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513744", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 Rebel teaser release today", "text": "The much awaited teaser of young rebel star Prabhas-starrer 'Rebel' will be released today (August 16) evening at a special function in hotel Taj Deccan in Hyderbad. Rebel makers have recently unveiled the first look pics and a few photos of Prabhas in the film and the pics have genereated great buzz.The stylish action entertainer had recently wrapped up its entire shooting part and is currently in post production stage. Rebel is gearing for audio launch in the last week of August although a specific date has not been announced. Tamanna and Deeksha Seth are playing the leading ladies. Lawrence is also scoring the music for this film, which is jointly produced by J.Bhagawan and Pulla Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15516611", "title": "Concession in property tax for wrestling schools", "text": "PUNE: The city improvement committee of Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) is contemplating to give some concession in property tax to wrestling institutes in city that train budding wrestlers. The committee is considering a proposal to charge property tax at the same rate as residential property to these institutes instead of charging the rate applied for commercial properties.\"A wrestling institute, based in Warje area, has approached us asking a change in the category of property tax that is levied on such establishments. Currently, the municipal corporation is charging property tax at commercial rate. The governing body of the institute asked us to convert the tax category from commercial to residential so that it will have to pay lower tax,\" said Datta Bahirat, chairman of city improvement committee (CIC), while speaking with reporters.Bahirat said that the committee has given approval to the institute's demand. The committee has sought details as how much tax the institute pays at commercial rate and how much tax it will have to pay if the tax is charged as per residential category. After getting these details the committee will take a final call on the proposal in the next meeting. The committee has also sought details whether any other wrestling institute has sent similar proposal.\"There is a need to promote sports like wrestling and other Indian games. So all the proposals that will help in promotion of various sports will be considered positively,\" said Dhananjay Jadhav, member of the CIC, \"Many institutes are struggling to survive due to poor financial condition. Concessions in expenses like property tax will help them save some money.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15521642", "title": "Supreme Court takes lenient view of student bashing up professor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking a lenient view of a student bashing up a professor and misbehaving with another, the Supreme Court has allowed him to revive a petition in the Chhattisgarh high court for relief against his rustication by his university.A bench of justices A K Patnaik and Madan B Lokur disposed of an appeal filed by Guru Ghasidas University challenging the high court's interim order of taking a lenient view of the incident on the basis of an apology tendered by the student Craig Mcleod.However, it said that discipline is more important than individual interests of a student.\"This by itself is a rather serious allegation. While the high court may have intended to bring a quietus to the entire episode, it should have kept in mind that maintenance of discipline in the university is equally important for a conducive academic environment and that the larger interests of the academic community are more central than the individual interests of a student,\" the apex court said.The university has challenged the high court order on the ground that Mcleod did not tender any apology to the satisfaction of the professors on the alleged assault which took place on February 2, 2010.During pendency of the case, the university had passed an order on January 7, 2011 rusticating Mcleod from the varsity for five years.It was also ordered that he was not entitled to get admission in any course in the university or any of its affiliated colleges during this period of five years.Mcleod had chosen to withdraw his petition in the high court and sought to file an application in the apex court which he however, did not do.But since the student had already lost two years in the litigation, the bench directed the high court to permit Mcleod to revive his original writ petition.\"We expect the high court to permit revival of the writ petition and decide it expeditiously since it is stated that Craig Mcleod has already lost two years of his education as result of this litigation,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "babhalgaon (latur)", "code": "15511102", "title": "Bandh in Latur as 5 lakh attend Vilasrao Deshmukh's funeral", "text": "Babhalgaon (Latur): Thousands gathered for Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh's funeral at his farm at Babhalgaon, about 10km from Latur, on Wednesday evening.PM Manmohan Singh , Congress president Sonia Gandhi , Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar, Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde , CM Prithviraj Chavan, deputy CM Ajit Pawar, MNS president Raj Thackeray and BJP leader Gopinath Munde attended the funeral. Deshmukh passed away at a Chennai hospital on Tuesday after multiple organ failure.His body was kept at the Dayananad College campus in Babhalgaon, where people paid tribute to Deshmukh.Latur wore a deserted look for the second day as residents observed a bandh in order to attend Deshmukh's funeral. at Babhalgaon.Roads leading to Babhalgaon were blocked as five lakh people walked to the village to pay their respects to Deshmukh.Later, the body was taken to Deshmukh's ancestral home in the village and then to their farm on the outskirts of the village. His eldest son Amit, accompanied by brothers Riteish and Dheeraj, lit the pyre amid chanting of hymns.Senior political leaders recounted their memories of Deshmukh. \"He would have played a vital role in Indian politics if he were alive,\" said Prithviraj Chavan. Chavan met Deshmukh a few days before he was admitted to the hospital. \"He was losing weight. However, he said that it was a minor stomach ailment and there was no need to worry about it. Within 15-20 days, he was gone. We are shocked,\" he said.Sharad Pawar said, \"Deshmukh was a promising leader who could handle any difficult situation with ease.\" Pawar said Deshmukh had proved right the words of Y B Chavan, the first CM of undivided Maharashtra, that there was a lot of potential in villages.\"Deshmukh had proved him right,\" said Pawar. Deshmukh started his political career as a village sarpanch and rose to the post of CM.Shinde said, \"We didn't think he would go away so soon. We always hoped he would recover and join us in Parliament.\" Deshmukh's close friend Gopinath Munde said, \"He was a sensitive person and was above petty politics. He was a man with a vision that was reflected in his Latur development plan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15516041", "title": "Dead zoo caretakers family gets compensation", "text": "MANGALORE: Ajit Kumar Hegde, executive director, Pilikula Nisargadhama Society on Thursday handed over compensation of Rs 1 lakh to Revathi, mother of Kushalappa Gowda, staff of Dr Shivaram Karanth Biological Park. Raja, the 16-year-old sick Tiger had mauled Kushalappa, 34,a zoo caretaker on the night of August 1 when he went to check the health of the big cat. The compensation is part of immediate relief.Ajit Kumar also handed over a cheque for Rs 50,000 to Revathi on behalf of Radha Gopi Memorial Charitable Trust. HJ Bhandary, Director, Dr Shivaram Karanth Biological Park assured the family of Kushalappa Gowda that Pilikula Nisarga Dhama will provide further benefits and also efforts are being made to get more financial help from the state Government and other charitable trusts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15521619", "title": "Harvard Business School announces the Leading Innovation - India program for business leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Harvard Business School (HBS) announces the Leading Innovation - India program, scheduled from August 20 to 23, 2012 at the HBS style classroom at Taj Lands End, Mumbai. Leading Innovation is part of the executive education program portfolio for India, announced by HBS in October 2011.Leading Innovation - India focuses on providing business leaders with the tools to realize opportunities for product and service innovation across a variety of industries. Led by renowned Harvard Business School faculty, Stefan H Thomke, William Barclay Harding professor of Business Administration, and David E Bell, George M Moffett professor of Agribusiness and Business, the program will show participants how to leverage business experimentation for organic growth.Thomke, faculty Chair of Leading Innovation - India said: \"\"Companies that appreciate the value of innovation and learn how to effectively implement innovative strategies, are able to do more with less. This program provides an opportunity to learn about new business methodologies and tools that will help executives manage day-to-day innovation and also help the company sustain long term competitive advantage.\"\"Focusing on the core challenges of managing innovation in an evolving marketplace, this leadership training program will prepare the executives to develop and market innovative products and services by identifying and leveraging new opportunities. The program will focus on new approaches for aligning new product development with corporate strategy, designing innovation systems, assessing disruptive technologies, and bringing innovative products and services to market.As with all HBS executive education programs, all programs in the India portfolio will be taught by members of the School's senior faculty using the HBS case method to guide participants through research and global best practices. An elite group of global executives will enjoy an interactive experience that extends the learning process through personal and professional networks long after the conclusion of the program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510683", "title": "Minorities can rise to top jobs only in India: Chief Justice of India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia on Wednesday said India was the only country in the region where members of minority communities could aspire to become the head of judiciary because of the full play given to constitutional values and ideals.\"I am proud to be an Indian,\" declared the CJI. \"India is the only country where a member of the minority Parsi community with a population of 1,67,000, like myself, can aspire to attain the post of the Chief Justice of India,\" he said, adding, \"These things do not happen in our neighbouring countries.\"The remark comes in the backdrop of minority Hindu community members fleeing Pakistan, complaining of harassment at the hands of government and seeking asylum in India.After giving his own example to highlight the equal treatment given to minority communities in India, Justice Kapadia said, \"Thus, we realize the values of constitutional ideals and principles.\"Attorney general G E Vahanvati, who belongs to another miniscule minority community of Dawoodi Bohras and has risen to become the country's top law officer, appeared to share the CJI's sentiments. He said, \"In 1931, Winston Churchill, in a derogatory reference, said India was only a concept and it was no more a unified country than the equator. Sixty-six years later, Churchill has been proved terribly wrong.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15509393", "title": "Asad Rauf denies affair, but admits photos are real", "text": "MUMBAI: After issuing many denials about his involvement with Mumbai-based model Leena Kapoor, Pakistan's International Cricket Council (ICC) umpire Asad Rauf, on Wednesday, maintained that the photographs showing the two of them posing together, were indeed real.However, 56-year-old Rauf continued to maintain that he did not have any relationship with the 21-year-old model from Oshiwara in Mumbai.Rauf is caught in the middle of a controversy, where he has been accused by Kapoor of sexually exploiting her for the last six months, promising to marry her, and later abandoning the relationship. Leena has filed a police case in Mumbai, which was confirmed to TOI on Tuesday by DCP Pratap Dighavkar, Zone 6.Rauf is an ICC Elite Panel umpire and considered among the world's best. He says the model took pictures with him posing as a fan and dismissed her claim that he proposed marriage to her. However, the photographs sent by the model to the media suggest something totally different. Leena says that there was serious courtship between her and Rauf and the umpire is now lying by calling her just another fan.\"I am 56 and happily married with two kids and at my age how can I promise marriage to anyone else. I don't know why she is doing this but if she continues, I will have to take legal action against her,\" Rauf was quoted as saying by news agencies on Wednesday. \"Her allegations are preposterous and she is concocting stories for cheap publicity and fame,\" Rauf added.According to the model, she met Rauf in Sri Lanka in March this year through a common friend and the two exchanged their telephone numbers and also spent three days together in the island. Leena says that despite being married, Rauf lured her into the relationship by suggesting that since his religion allows him to have more than one wife, they could go ahead with the relationship.She also says that Rauf offered to buy her a flat in Mumbai but adds that she did not get into the relationship with the umpire for money alone. It is learnt that the model has charged Rauf with rape and physical abuse. After circulating her photos with Rauf in the media, Leena says, \"I have more pictures. How can he say there is no relationship between us? \"The pictures, available with TOI, show Rauf and the model getting cosy with each other and partying.Rauf says many people like Leena Kapoor want to meet and take photographs with people like him. \"So a few pictures don't mean I had an affair with her,\" Rauf added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516966", "title": "Yash Chopra back with romantic saga", "text": "After making countless eternal love stories filmmaker Yash Chopra is all charged up to dish out hues of love and romance to his audience, with Shah Rukh Khan in the lead. Chopra is back to direction after a gap of eight years with his untitled romantic film starring SRK, Katrina Kaif and Anushka Sharma .The first teaser of this much-awaited film released with Salman Khan's 'Ek Tha Tiger'. The teaser begins with a note by Yash Chopra which says \"Films have been my only passion in life. I have always been proud of making films and will continue taking pride in all my films.\"Then it shows the veteran director behind the camera and proceeds with clippings of his various unforgettable films in his 50-year-golden career like ' Dhool Ka Phool', 'Waqt', 'Daag', 'Deewaar', 'Kabhi Kabhie', 'Silsila', 'Chandni', 'Darr', 'Dil To Pagal Hai', 'Veer Zaara' and others.The teaser then introduces its main characters - Shah Rukh, Katrina and Anushka. SRK looks his best as the ultimate romantic hero, readying to strum a guitar and Katrina dazzles as she runs across the snow, while Anushka's massive smile spreads across the screen.Also, the names of music maestro AR Rahman and lyricist Gulzar appear as the guitar continues to strum and one gets to see a lot of England, mostly London . The final frame shows SRK and one of the girls walking, as the words appear 'A Yash Chopra Romance'.The untitled film is set to release this Diwali on November 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15519488", "title": "Metro rail in tricity to cover 37km", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Metro rail has been planned with an initial traffic forecast of 3 lakh riders and the number will go up with time. On completion, the project will have a total 37 km of Metro Rail in the Tricity and the total project cost, including land cost and taxes, will be Rs 10,900 crore.This was pointed out by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) in the detailed project report (DPR), which was officially handed over to UT administration on Thursday.The proposed North-South corridor for UT Chandigarh will include 8.04 km underground and 4.43 km elevated track and the East-West corridor has a proposed length of 6.04 km underground track and 19.04 km of elevated track.Total length of the track running into Punjab will be 7.8 km and Haryana will have a total track length of 6.41 km running through its territory under this project. In total, about 30 stations have been earmarked, each at an average distance of 1.210 km on the North-South corridor and at an average distance of 1.206 km on the East-West corridor.The Detailed Project Report, Chandigarh Metro Project was presented to UT administrator Shivraj Patil by a team headed by Mangu Singh, Managing Director, Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. Copies of the Detailed Project Report were also presented to the Chief Secretary Punjab and Director Town Planning Haryana for the Chief Ministers of the respective states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15511031", "title": "Tensions flare over Diaoyu islands as Japan detains Chinese activists", "text": "BEIJING: The war of nerves between Japan and China over the disputed Diaoyu Islands in East China Sea took a serious turn on Wednesday with Tokyo detaining 14 Chinese activists who, Tokyo said, made an \"illegal entry\" in the islands.The Chinese foreign ministry responded with loud protests that now threaten to snowball into a major controversy as both countries claim ownership to the islands. \"The activists ignored warning from Japan before landing. But none of the arrested was hurt,\" the police in Japan's Okinawa island said. The arrested activists will be transferred to the city of Naha, which is the capital of Okinawa.\"They may be transferred to the Immigration Bureau of Japan later and sent back to Hong Kong,\" said a spokesman from Japan coast guard quoted by Chinese news agency, Xinhua. China has asked Japan to do nothing that would endanger the safety of the lives and property of Chinese citizens going to the Diaoyu Islands, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang said.\"China is paying close attention to the developments of relevant issues, and it has expressed its serious concerns over the issues to the Japanese side,\" Qin said. China's position on the Diaoyu Islands issue remains \"clear and resolute\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "15511222", "title": "Case against thermal plant officials for fire", "text": "TUTICORIN: Police have registered cases against authorities of the thermal plant at Tuticorin for negligence and lack of safety measures after a fire that broke out on Tuesday caused four people's death.Though police have not named any one in particular, the safety and security officials in the plant are likely to be questioned soon. Relatives of the deceased refused to receive the bodies of their kin demanding compensation from the thermal plant company.Police and revenue officials are holding talks with the relatives along with representatives from the company owning the plant, Ind Barath Power Infra Limited.\"We have registered cases under five Sections of the IPC on several charges, including causing death by negligence,\" said a police official. The accident occurred when the conveyor belt moving coal caught fire reportedly due to friction.The employees spotted the fire in the third storey of the building where the crusher house was located and rushed there to put it off. The plant is yet to start functioning as the crusher house had suffered severe damage to the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509601", "title": "'We'll do everything to ensure more people don't leave'", "text": "BANGALORE: Home minister R Ashoka said there's no reason for panic over violence following rumours being spread by mischief-mongers.* What's your reaction to students and workers from North-Eastern states in Bangalore leaving for their homes?A special train with 3,400 people from the North-East left Bangalore on Wednesday at 11pm. The reason is said to be threatening calls from some fringe extremist groups asking them to leave the city. My objective now is to ensure that security is given to students en route their journey. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh spoke to chief minister Jagadish Shettar to ask about people leaving. He asked our government to \"take care of the North-East people'' in Karnataka. I'm talking to migrant student leaders. The BJP general secretary in-charge of Karnataka Dharmendra Pradhan spoke to me seeking details of measures we're taking.* Will this not send a wrong message that Bangalore is not a safe city?It's happening all over India and not specific to Bangalore. Students and workers are returning to their home towns not because any untoward incident in Bangalore. Their family members back home have panicked and asked them to return. These people are now mentally prepared to go back, we cannot do anything to stop them. Our next step is to ensure that another batch does not leave. Bangalore is a safe city, we will provide all protection to them. If need be, I'll visit places where migrants from north-eastern areas stay to instill confidence in them.* What are your confidence-building measures?I've appointed DCP (intelligence) VS D'Souza as nodal officer to keep in touch with these people. I've convened a meeting of police officers on Thursday, followed by a meeting with representatives of north-eastern students. I'll appeal to my counterparts in north-eastern states to give publicity to the fact there's no risk to them in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15515376", "title": "Haryana state level youth festival from August 30 at Sirsa", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana sports and youth affairs department will organize 19th state level youth festival from August 30 to September 1 at Sirsa.While stating this today, a spokesman of the department said that during this festival, competitions in solo vocal classical music, solo classical recital, harmonium light, guitar, folk song, classical and folk dance, one act play and declamation contest would be held.Also, a contest in martial arts would be held as per the guidelines issued by the central government.He said that only those participants would be invited who had not participated in National Youth Festival during last three years.In this state level outh festival, the participants who had bagged first position in district level youth festival could only participate. He said that district sports and youth affairs officer, Sirsa would be responsible for food, accommodation and other arrangements of the participants. He said that the participants getting first, second and third position in their respective competitions would be honoured with cash prize of Rs 1000, Rs 800 and Rs 600 respectively along with certificate. He said that district level youth festivals are being organized in all the districts of the State and on August 18, youth festival of district Sirsa would be held at Chaudhary Dalbir Singh Stadium.In this festival, teams from whole of the district would participate in various cultural programmes and the teams bagging first position in this festival would participate in state level youth festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509629", "title": "Don't believe rumours, says Mirji", "text": "BANGALORE: Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji on Wednesday said the cops are ready to go to the doorsteps of north-eastern students if there is any instance of them being threatened. He appealed to people from the region not to be swayed by rumours being spread by mischief makers.People from the region are leaving in hundreds in the wake of rumours being spread through SMSs, chain mails and social networking sites that they would be attacked in Bangalore. The stabbing of a Tibetan youth in Mysore on Tuesday appears to have added fuel to the fire.Intelligence sources said at least 4,000 people flocked to the Bangalore City railway station on Wednesday evening to board the two trains to Guwahati.Mirji told TOI that Bangalore has 2.75 lakh people of north-eastern origin, and not every one of them fears being attacked. \"Some of those leaving the city want to meet their kith and kin who are in trouble back home. Some are talking about rumours spread through SMSs and internet that they might be attacked,\" he admitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15516639", "title": "Anonymous may hack Mars rover 'Curiosity'", "text": "LONDON: NASA's Mars rover 'Curiosity' might be facing a hacking threat from the notorious hacker group, Anonymous, a US security firm has claimed.Anonymous had reportedly brought down websites including Visa and several US government sites as a protest against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange's arrest, and 'Curiosity' could be their next target, the Daily Mail reported.A New York security firm claimed to have spotted a message on an Internet Relay Chat (IRC) asking for help to hack into the signals NASA uses to communicate with the Curiosity rover.Flashpoint Partners spotted a message by user 'MarsCuriosity' in one of the Anonymous-related IRC channels that it monitors known as the AnonOps IRC channel.\"Anyone in Madrid, Spain or Canbarra who can help isolate the huge control signal used for the Mars Odyssey / Curiosity system please?\" the message read.\"The cypher and hopping is a standard mode, just need base frequency and recordings/feed of the huge signal going out. (yes we can spoof it both directions!),\" it added.There is speculation by online discussion groups that the message could be a fake, or even an attempt by law enforcement agencies to trap hackers, the report said.'Curiosity' had made a spectacular landing in Gale Crater at 05:30 GMT (11:00 IST) on August 6 in a two-year search to find out if the red planet once hosted conditions suitable for life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510193", "title": "Pune blasts on mind, 50k keep watch over capital", "text": "NEW DELHI: As is customary, Delhi turned into a fortress in the run-up to the Independence Day. Over 50,000 officers from Delhi Police and paramilitary forces were deployed all over the city on Wednesday morning. The area around Red Fort, from where Prime Minister Manmohan Singh addressed the nation for the ninth time this Independence Day, was heavily barricaded with securitymen at every junction.The recent serial blasts in Pune heightened security concerns in the capital, and more men were deployed from security agencies to spot known terror faces.Cops manned the roads leading to the 17th-century red sandstone monument; they checked identity cards, parking permits and invites before letting the cars pass through.Specialized units like Quick Reaction Teams, SWAT, and Vajra were positioned near the Fort. High-risk areas like the Parliament complex, airport, railway stations, Metro stations and inter-state bus terminals were closely monitored.Further, telephone booth operators were asked to maintain separate registers of people making local, STD, and ISD calls. Cops searched cars thorougly before being allowing them to be parked inside the fort. Visitors were not allowed to take inside electronic items, eatables, handbags and cellphones, and were frisked at the time of entry. They were even asked to unfurl their umbrellas during the security check.About 50 CCTV cameras were installed around the fort, and NSG shooters were deployed on highrises. Security agencies had had identified 'safe houses' where the PM and other dignitaries could be shifted in case of an attack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517877", "title": "Pavira Pranati of Ek Doosre Se.. has a narrow escape", "text": "A major disaster was avoided on the set of Star Plus' 'Ek Doosre Se Karte Hain Pyaar Hum'.While on screen Susheela aka Pariva is all pepped up and excited for her devar's wedding, off screen also her excitement is not less. In fact because of her excitement she almost escaped a major disaster. When contacted, to know what actually happened, Pariva said, \"Since the wedding house requires a lot of lighting there are a lot of wires on the floor. While I was going back to my room after the shot I didn't realize there were wires in the way and fell down. Since my attire was very heavy it was really sweet of my crew who helped me get up. I am lucky that I escaped without a scratch!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515327", "title": "Walking along for a cause", "text": "Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies, Bengaluru along with the citizens of Koramangala, Bengaluru has taken the initiative in creating awareness about 'Freedom from Child Labour'. Towards that purpose, they are organizing an awareness walk, Walk-a-thon on August 12 in Koramangala in collaboration with CHILDLINE India Foundation, a pan-India organisation dedicated towards fighting the malaise of child labour rampant in our society. HONDA, which has been at the forefront of the fight against child labour, has lent its support to the initiative.The event will commence at 4.30 pm from NMIMS Institute and the procession would then traverse through Koramangala, via Sony World and Sukh Sagar towards Raheja Arcade for the closing ceremony. The awareness walk will be flagged off by Dr Suresh Mony, director NMIMS, Bengaluru. The closing ceremony will include a street play organised by the students of NMIMS, which would endeavor to highlight the various aspects of child exploitation indulged in by sections of our society, and central to this would be the issue of child labour and the apathetic attitude our society displays towards it.Children from various affiliate NGOs working with Childline India Foundation will be participating in the walk. Also participating are the students, faculty and administrative employees from the institute, along with the citizens of Koramangala. A column of HONDA motorcycles will be taking the initiative in heading the procession.All proceeds from the event would be pledged in the name of NMIMS, Bengaluru and HONDA towards CHILDLINE India Foundation, as a symbol of their support for the initiative undertaken by CHILDLINE. Contributions from every section of society would provide an indelible encouragement in the fight against child labour. For more on CHILDLINE's operational policies and contribution procedures, kindly visit www.childlineindia.org.in/1098/donations.htmA \"Freelance Photography Contest\" will be conducted during the walk, wherein amateur photography enthusiasts are required to cover the event and send their entries to the institute, which would in turn ensure its appropriate propagation through various media channels .Interested participants can cover the event and add a tagline which relates to \"Freedom from Child Labour\".For further details, contact: Ritika: +917795058239 Sushidh: +918904189412 Email id: rang.blr@nmims.eduCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509289", "title": "New healthcare scheme for employees from Nov 1", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government is set to roll out a comprehensive cashless Employees Healthcare Fund (EHF) scheme for all the government employees, pensioners and their dependent family members from November 1. The scheme will be implemented through a network of empanelled hospitals of Aarogyasri Healthcare Trust and will replace the present medical reimbursement system. The operational guidelines for the scheme were approved through GO 186 on Tuesday evening.The EHF will be jointly funded through a monthly premium contribution. The employees including the pensioners will pitch in 40% by way of premium while the remaining 60% funding would be done by the state government. Sources said that the government had proposed the premium amount in three slabs of Rs 100, Rs 120 and Rs 150 keeping in mind the hierarchy but the final GO with regard to premium would be issued shortly. However, the sum insured is Rs 3 lakh per family per annum on floater basis.Sources said that 7 lakh pensioners and 15 lakh government employees along with their dependent family members will benefit from the scheme. These figures include contract employees and those working with various corporations such as GHMC, APSRTC among others. All diseases, including pre-existing diseases, will be covered from day one. From the date of hospitalisation and up to 10 days from the date of discharge will be treated as part of the package, besides the follow-up treatment.Further, the GO categorically states that diseases that can normally be treated in government hospitals would be reserved for government hospitals. The trust would be functioning on the same lines as the Aarogyasri scheme, as far as the treatment modalities are concerned. Enrollment and contribution are compulsory under the scheme, officials said. They added that the new scheme will rule out the large-scale malpractices that were taking place due to loopholes in the existing medical reimbursement system.According to the GO, an office will be established in the AP Markfed building at Jambagh, M J Road to commence the operations. A nodal officer will also be appointed to coordinate and redress the grievances. A steering committee headed by the chief secretary will monitor the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15518521", "title": "Gopinath Munde pays tribute to Vilasrao Deshmukh", "text": "PUNE: Politics has become a bitter power game and those who try to maintain friendship across party lines have to pay a price.Vilasrao Deshmukh's close friend and senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Gopinath Munde while paying tribute to his late friend said, \"He was close to me since college days and this closeness continued till his death. But he ( Vilasrao) had to pay a price for the friendship\".In a condolence statement, Munde indicated that Deshmukh was cornered by his political foes within the party and questioned by the leadership about his friendship with the BJP leader. In fact Deshmukh was suspended from the party after he accepted BJP- Shiv Sena's support to get elected in state legislative council poll.\"But he was a true friend who guided and helped me beyond politics,\" said Munde who started his political career with Deshmukh in 1980 when both entered in state legislature. When Congress was thrown out of power in Maharashtra and BJP - Sena government came to power, Munde became deputy chief minister. Deshmukh then organized a huge public function at Latur to felicitate Munde.\"Politics and friendship should be kept separate. Vilasrao did that and that's why he became popular across party lines,\" said former MLC and Deshmukh's friend Ulhas Pawar speaking to the TOI. He added that today's bitter political scenario leaves no space for cordial and friendly relations between politicians following different ideologies.\" Deshmukh had friends in all parties. He recognized not only Congress, but other party workers by names. Wherever he went, he was surrounded by people across party lines,\" said Congress leader Prithviraj Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15514439", "title": "Farmers block Yamuna Expressway", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Scores of farmers on Thursday blocked traffic on the Yamuna Expressway demanding toll free movement on the road.The farmers protested under the banner of the 'Bhartiya Kisan Union' at the zero point of the expressway.Police detained over two dozen farmers and took them to police lines.\"Farmers had stopped the traffic at zero point of Yamuna Expressway only for a few minutes. They were detained and sent to police lines. Traffic flow was smooth thereafter,\" SP (Rural) Ashok Kumar said.The farmers said they will send a group at zero point after every few hours and try to block traffic.\"Our demand is that farmers along the Yamuna Expressway should get toll free movement on the expressway. Service roads have not yet been constructed. Till our demands are met we will continue our protest,\" the BKU leader said.Farmers from Tappal have also threatened to block the expressway. Agra and Mathura farmers are expected to join them. At Jewar, farmers were holding a panchayat to plan the future course of action, he said.Meanwhile, from midnight, the Yamuna Expressway company has started collecting toll tax for movement on the fast-track road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15510906", "title": "No I-Day cheer for Pak Hindus at Jinnah\u2019s tomb", "text": "AMRITSAR: If scores of Pakistani Hindus are at the end of their tethers and wanting asylum in India, it's because they have been treated as even less than second class citizens: they have been reduced to stateless people. A Pakistan Hindu, Mukhi Odhamal, said the government there prevented as many as 500 Hindu families including women and children from celebrating Pakistan's independence day at the Mazar-e-Qaid (mausoleum of Pakistan's founder, Mohammad Ali Jinnah ) in Karachi just a couple of days before they left for India.Hurt at being disallowed from observing their country's national day in the precincts of the monument, the Hindus sat on the road in protest and offered prayers for their country from outside the gate of the mausoleum. \"This was the first time that a large number of Hindus decided to hold a big function to celebrate their independence day,\" said president of Pakistan Hindu Seva, Sanjash S Dhanja. Mukhi Odhamal, who is the patron of the same NGO, said Hindus have always been treated as second class citizens in Pakistan. He said more than 500 Hindu families were denied permission to enter Mazar-e-Qaid, despite having permission from the Mazar's management committee.Odhamal said the Hindus felt terribly unwanted in their country when Pakistani Muslims walked in without a problem, and felt this was some kind of segregation going on. \"We requested the security officials but they didn't listen to us,\" he said.They are now trying to garner support for their demand of equal rights. Odhamal also said they told the security officials that they would approach higher officials and even inform media. But their repeated requests were cold-shouldered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15514061", "title": "Home Minister warns of strict action against rumour mongers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of exodus of people belonging to northeast from Karnataka, home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Thursday warned of strict action against those who spread rumours.\"If rumours are spread, strict action will be taken against those who indulge in such activities,\" he told reporters outside Parliament House.He said the Prime Minister and he himself have spoken to the Karnataka chief minister, requesting him to ask the people to share information on rumour mongers.Asserting that the situation in the state was peaceful, he said extra trains have been pressed into service for Assam to help people who want to leave Karnataka.Shinde said 300 people left last night and two extra trains are pressed into service today for Assam.Over 5,000 panic-stricken people from North Eastern states fled Bangalore on Wednesday after rumours of attacks targeting the community spread.Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar is holding a high-level meeting to tackle the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510957", "title": "Sacked Pakistani official offers healing touch in temple", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid reports of Hindus migrating to India from Pakistan's Sindh province, former deputy attorney general Muhammad Khurshid Khan was in Jacobabad, about 703 km from his home in Peshawar, to promote inter-faith harmony through \"sevadari\". On Tuesday, he polished shoes, swept floors at Jacobabad's Shiv temple and celebrated Pakistan's independence day with local Hindus.\"I was disturbed when I learnt about the insecurity among Hindu minorities in Jacobabad. I decided to find out for myself and instill confidence among the Hindu community,\" Khan told TOI from Jacobabad over phone.Initially, the Hindus were surprised to find a Pathan Muslim offering seva at the temple. \"Soon, they embraced me with warmth,\" said Khan.Jacobabad's 3.5 lakh population has around 50,000 Hindus. \"The Hindus have been living here for about 3,000 years. Islam came here about 1,400 years ago. The Hindus said they are proud sons of Pakistan soil,\" said Khan.The Hindus in Jacobabad are \"highly educated, wealthy professionals and businessmen\". \"But, they have to grapple with kidnap-for-ransom, land grabbing and extortion. Hindus are also worried about their girls marrying Muslim boys,\" said Khan.En route to Jacobabad, he had stopped at Sukkur, a business hub in Sindh, to inquire about the Hindus there. \"I learnt two minor Hindu girls were kidnapped and forced to convert to Islam. They got no justice,\" said Khan.He has not lost hope though. \"The civil society is taking a stand, a rarity in Pakistan. Journalists took out a march on August 13 to protest against persecution of the Hindus. I was part of the march. Muslims in Sindh are coming out in support of the Hindus,\" Khan told TOI from Sukkur.The 62-year-old lawyer grabbed headlines for his \"sevadari mission\" \u2014 polishing shoes and cleaning toilets \u2014 at Hindu temples and Sikh gurudwaras to \"heal the wounds of minorities in Pakistan\". He began his 'penance' in 2010 after the Taliban kidnapped three Sikhs from Peshawar and beheaded one of them \u2014 Jaspal Singh.In March, he performed \"seva\" at gurudwaras in Delhi. Khan won hearts and earned bitter criticism for his seva that cost him his job. \"Seva is ibaadat (worship),\" he said.The Pakistani officialdom was, however, uncomfortable. Khan was removed as Pakistan's deputy attorney general (DAG) recently. Pakistan Supreme Court bar association issued him a showcause notice asking him to explain why action should not be taken against him for \"defaming\" the country.Khan though is undeterred. \"I have been freed from the golden cage. Now, I can devote more time to seva to help promote peace and brotherhood in Pakistan,\" he said after he was sacked.Khan is pained at the bad name Pakistan and Islam earned for sins of terrorists like the Taliban. \"Islam is a religion of peace and Pakistan has a pluralist heritage. A country or an entire community can't be tarnished for the sins of a few,\" he said.Khan is no stranger to controversies or threats to life for his seva. Unfazed, he quoted from poet Faiz Ahmed Faiz to explain his determination to continue seva, \"Jis Dhaj Se Koi Maqtal Mein Gaya, Woh Shaan Salamat Rehti Hai/ Yeh Jaan To Aani Jaani Hai, Is Jaan Ki To Koi Baat Nahin.\"Khan, a devout Muslim, invokes \"Allah tala\" in almost every sentence while he speaks of seva. As a young man studying mathematics, law and Persian in Peshawar in the 1970s and 1980s, he was different. \"I was not a good Muslim. I was a non-believer. Woh inquilabi ka daur tha (Those were revolutionary times),\" said Khan.He was influenced by Left ideology and Karl Marx, Mao and Lenin. \"Among those who inspired me to choose politics are Che Guevara, Subhash Bose, Abdul Ghaffar Khan, Bhagat Singh, Gandhi and Nelson Mandela,\" said Khan, who loves reading.His house in Peshawar's Muslim Meenabazar is in the same neighbourhood as the ancestral houses of Indian film stars Prithvi Raj Kapoor, Dilip Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan.He joined the Pakistan People's Party (PPP) inspired by its founder and former prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto. \"He was an idealist and a socialist. He showed us golden dreams for a great Pakistan,\" said Khan.His first foray into politics was as a student in Peshawar University. He was elected vice-president and president of the students' union. \"After my public speech against Zia-ul-Haq's martial law, I had to go underground for a year in Lahore,\" he said.Then his mother fell ill. \"I came home to Peshawar to see her and was arrested,\" said Khan. He was sentenced to a year in jail and five lashes.\"I wrote my first-year law examination in handcuffs,\" said Khan. He firmly believed if Zulfikar Ali Bhutto were alive Pakistan would have progressed much.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517562", "title": "Ravi Teja ignored at RTC Crossroads?", "text": "Ravi Teja got the title of Mass Maharaja after delivering a slew of BO hits thanks to the connect he developed with the masses through his eccentric performances. However, all that glory seems to be a thing of the past as Ravi Teja has not been able to score a single hit in the recent past. Except 'Kick' and 'Don Seenu' nothing else worked among his last few releases.And now it looks like the star has not got that deserved respect even at RTC Crossroads. Apparently, this place is the hub for Telugu cinema with around dozen theatres in that area. But then films like 'Julayi' and 'Andala Rakshasi' shared the maximum occupancy of theatres.As a result, Ravi Teja didn't get theatres and his latest offering 'Devudu Chesina Manushulu' was released in Sri Mayuri theatre. After looking at the film and its response, some are saying that this theatre is apt for this movie's output and didn't require any big name like Devi or Sudarshan 35 mm.source: greatandhra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15511734", "title": "A new tech that can cut side effects of chemotherapy", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim to have developed a new technique which dramatically reduces the harmful side effects of chemotherapy by blocking an oxygen-sensitive enzyme and streamlining the blood flow. Researchers from VIB/ KU Leuven, Belgium have found that chemotherapy combined with specific PHD2 inhibitors would make it more effective while reducing the harmful side effects.The effectiveness of chemotherapy is limited by the difficulties of delivering the anti-cancer drugs to the actual tumour, researchers said in a statement. Tumours are characterised by abnormally shaped blood vessels \u2014 they are irregular in shape, have weak textures and easily tear.These leaking blood vessels prevent anti-cancer drugs from reaching tumour cells while promoting metastasis. Secondly, chemotherapy can have seriously harmful effects on healthy organs, leading even to heart and kidney failure. Earlier research had already shown that reduced activity of the oxygen sensor PHD2 under hypoxic conditions resulted in a more streamlined vasculature.In the new study, Rodrigo Leite de Oliveira, Sofie Deschoemaker and Max Mazzone used mouse models to prove their earlier hypothesis that streamlining blood flow by inhibiting PHD2 can render cancer treatments more effective.Firstly, the better formed blood vessels ensure that the anticancer drugs are distributed throughout the tumour, thus increasing their impact.They also allow for smaller doses - a significant advantage when administering toxic drugs. The researchers further proved that inhibiting PHD2 results in the production of anti-oxidant enzymes were able to neutralise the harmful side effects of chemotherapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15515998", "title": "City centre of CMC completes a year of it's functioning", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city centre of Christian Medical College (CMC) which was inaugurated on 01 st August last year at Sirish Hospital, Krishna Nagar, Ghumar Mandi, Ludhiana has completed an year of it's functioning.Dr Vijay Obed, Deputy Director, explained that CMC City Center was started in response to the many requests from the citizens of Ludhiana from this part of the city, who found it difficult to approach CMCH Hospital. \"\"The number of patients attending the OPD at the City Center has been steadily increasing. Patients find it very convenient to seek consultation from CMC Consultant Doctors at the City Center\"\", Dr Vijay said.Dr Abraham Thomas, Director, CMCH, mentioned that CMC City Center, is a major step to get their services across the city to the citizens of Ludhiana for their convenience. He said that he is glad that the CMC City Center was able to look after the health care needs of the citizens of Ludhiana.Dr Sirish Chandra said that he is pleased that CMC City Center has completed one year of service and stressed that citizens of Ludhiana should take advantage of these services provided by the City Center.Dr Vijay Obed mentioned that Consultant Doctors of CMC Hospital of all the specialties are available for consultation in the CMC City Center both in the morning and evening which includes Medicine, Pediatrics, Pediatric Surgery, Eye, ENT, Orthopedics, Urology, Nephrology, Neurology, Neurosurgery, Skin, Plastic Surgery, Psychiatry, Cardiology, Cardiac Surgery, Medical Oncology, Obstretics and Gynecology, Endocrinology and Diabetes, and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515878", "title": "MJ's dad drops death suit against Conrad Murray", "text": "Michael Jackson's father Joe has dismissed the 2010 lawsuit, which he filed against the incarcerated doctor Conrad Murray , for his son's death.The 84-year-old musician had accused Murray, who has been convicted of administering the fatal dose of drug propofol which cost the pop legend his life in 2009, of withholding vital information from the doctors who were trying to save his son's life, Contactmusic reported.Murray's lawyers Charles Peckham and Valerie Wass told TMZ.com that they have no idea why the King of Pop's father suddenly requested to dismiss his case, insisting that there had been no secret settlement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15514511", "title": "SC dismisses PIL against land allotment during Mulayam regime", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday dismissed a PIL seeking quashing of land allotted in Lucknow to relatives of Samajwadi Party leaders and bureaucrats by the Mulayam Singh government in 2005.A bench headed by justice Aftab Alam refused to interfere in the land allotment issue after the Uttar Pradesh Government contended that the petitioner is also a beneficiary of the allotment under the discretionary quota of the state.\"We are not inclined to interfere in the matter,\" the bench said.The court also queried whether the petitioner is willing to surrender the plot allotted to him, but his lawyer contended that there is no illegality in the land given to the petitioner by the state government.The petition was filed in 2005 by Vishwanath Chaturvedi, a practising lawyer, who according to Mulayam Singh was also a member of the Congress party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509395", "title": "Boy drowns in sump", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a tragic incident, a three-year-old boy accidentally drowned in a water sump at their house in Sanatnagar on Wednesday.The boy, Phani Kumar, was the younger son of Srinivas and Vijaya from Vivekananda Colony. Srinivas runs a grocery store in Madhapur. While playing in front of the house, Phani accidentally fell into the sump.Later, without noticing the boy, someone closed the sump cover. Unable to find the boy, Vijaya alerted her husband and they searched for him in the surrounding areas till 1 pm. At that time, house owner opened the cover of the sump to check water level and found the body.The Sanatnagar police have booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15522030", "title": "45-year-old man stabbed to death", "text": "SURAT: A 45-year-old man was brutally hacked to death by four persons in Ashwinikumar area early on Thursday morning.The accused, who were arrested from Vadodara later, stabbed Mahesh Patel at least 10 times. The murder was a fallout of some enmity between Patel and the four persons.Vinod Dodhiya, nephew of the victim, told police in his complaint that Ravi Pandey, his brother Lavkush Pandey, Dhamo Rathod and Papam Marathi had set up a watch and were waiting for Patel to return to his house from a relative's home. They cornered him around midnight and stabbed him brutally.On a specific information that the accused had fled to Vadodara, plain-clothed policemen nabbed them from a restaurant near Vadodara railway station.\"Patel was stabbed in throat, chest, abdomen, head and back. Ten stab marks were seen on his body,\" said police.MU Pathan, assistant police commissioner (SCST cell), who is investigating the case said, \"A couple of years ago, Patel had lodged a complaint against all four after they teased his daughter. Since then all were pressuring him to withdraw the case, but Patel did not relent.\"Some days ago, Patel's relative, living in the area where the four stayed, had passed away. They saw Patel regularly visiting his relatives for last few days and planned to kill him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15511533", "title": "Solution a must for maintaining poles", "text": "The PWD and BSES must not be allowed to play passing the parcel on this one. The bottomline is that there is already a victim of their failure to ensure the poles are secure and many more could be at risk if things are not set right immediately. The top levels of the Delhi government must intervene if necessary to fix responsibility for the maintenance of these poles. If the bolts that hold them firm are being stolen, merely lamenting that fact will get us nowhere. A solution must be found. If that means more permanent means of fixing them to the ground, it must be done on a war footing. Meanwhile, responsibility must be fixed for the accident that has taken place and compensation paid.Related Story : Watch out for poles toppling over", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511079", "title": "Thane boy wins gold at Olympiad", "text": "MUMBAI: The flow of gold medals continues for Indian teams participating in the international Olympiad this year. The Indian team participating in the sixth International Olympiad in Astronomy and Astrophysics held in Brazil between August 4 and 13 stood second among the 27 participating countries. While three out of five students in the winning team are from Maharashtra, one of the gold medalists is from Thane.The Indian team won three gold medals, one silver and one bronze medal. Thane resident Alankar Kotwal, who is pursuing a dual degree in electrical engineering with micro electronics at the Indian Institute of Technology-Bombay (IIT-B), won a gold medal. The other gold medalists from the Indian team include Sharad Mirani from Ahmedabad and Sandesh Kalantre from Amrawati.Manmohan Mandhana from Washim and Pavan Hebbar from Kaiga won a silver and bronze medal respectively.The team was led by Aniket Sule of the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science and Education (TIFR) and Yogesh Wadadekar of the National Centre for Radio Astrophysics (TIFR). Professor M N Vahia from TIFR accompanied the team as a scientific observer. Participating countries included China, Iran, Korea, Brazil, Czech Republic , Greece , Poland , Romania and Thailand . Students in the competition are tested on astrophysical theory, astronomical data analysis as well as night sky observation. Kotwal shared the prize for best performance in data analysis.According to his father, Shashikant Kotwal, who is a medical officer at the civic hospital in Thane, the medal haul was the result of team-work. \"Alankar had bagged a bronze medal in the Junior Astronomy Olympiad for earth sciences, he bagged a bronze medal.\" He developed interest in astronomy after a national level orientation programme, said his father. He added that the centre takes extra efforts with the students leading to the astounding performances by students.The students are selected through a rigorous testing, training and competition. After a written examination, students are tested in physics, astronomy and observation. After several filtration processes, five best students are selected and are given training to compete at the international level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15521088", "title": "Mysore's Comprehensive Development Plan -2031 in public domain", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore Urban Development Authority(MUDA) has thrown open the Comprehensive Development Plan ( CDP) 2031 for public discussion and has given sixty days time to lodge their opinion, reservations and grievances if any about the plan.Disclosing this at a press meet here, C G Betsurmath on Thursday said MUDA has planned to distribute booklets on the CDP 2031 to the public who does not have accessibility to internets and computers. \" Even the CDP is available at the MUDA office for public viewing\" he pointed out , adding that the CDs of the plan are also on sale.\" One can buy the CDs of this plan by paying Rs 2000\" he said and added : Public replies to the plan will help the MUDA in altering, changing and modifying the plan to augur well with the city's systematic growth .Betsurmath said the most salient feature of the new CDP is MUDA has earmarked sites for film city, international convention centre and to create other tourism facilities near the air port . \" This will boost the tourism activities in Mysore city which in turn will benefit the city in increasing it's revenues\" he said.MUDA commissioner said in view of Mysore being projected as \"heritage city\" several measures have been included in the new plan with an intention to protect the heritage spots, monuments, historic buildings and natural environs of the city. \" I appeal to the people to suggest measures which can help MUDA in improvising and protecting the places\" he said.Addressing the public at en exhibition organized by MUDA about the plan , commissioner said the main aim of the MUDA is to protect and extend the vision of then Maharajas of Mysore , particularly Nalwadi Krishna Raja Wadiyar who made Mysore the second city in the country to establish a city improvement trust board to develop city in a planned manner and prevent haphazard growth of the city. He said CDP has been prepared scientifically based on satellite images by a private company from Ahmadabad .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15512790", "title": "Goldman Sachs invests in Nova Medical Centres", "text": "MUMBAI: Global investment bank Goldman Sachs will be investing in Nova Medical Centers, who have led the way in establishing the idea of day/short-stay surgical care in the country. Goldman Sachs will invest INR 2.2 billion.NEA, a leading venture capital firm, has also announced that it will make an add-on investment of INR 800 million. Nova operates day/short-stay surgical centers in partnership with surgeons across India and the Middle East. It pioneered the concept of short-stay surgical care in India and undertakes procedures that take 24-72 hours from admission to discharge.A large majority of Nova's patients get discharged the same day. Nova provides around 700 surgical procedures in orthopaedics, spine surgery, general surgery, gynaecology, bariatric surgery, ENT, plastic &amp; cosmetic surgery, urology, gastroenterology, ophthalmology, pain management and IVF. Nova was based on a 'doctor-owned and doctor-managed' concept enabling doctors to have a sense of ownership and a long-term association with the company. It recently grabbed headlines in the city when it announced a centre for teen bariatric surgery.Suresh Soni, chairman and CEO, Nova Medical Centers, said, \"This landmark investment will ultimately better serve India's healthcare delivery services industry, surgeons and, most importantly, patients.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15511621", "title": "3 teenaged boys drown in Vittla", "text": "Mangalore: Independence Day turned tragic for three families in Vittla near here on Wednesday as three of their wards drowned in Kodangai River, a tributary of Nethravathi. The deceased have been identified as Dhanaraj, Pradeep and Thilak, all aged about 15 and students of Vittla Composite Pre University College. Police said they along with their friends had gone for a swim in the river at Anekatte near Pedamale, after attending the Independence Day celebrations at the college. Police said the place where they had drowned had whirlpools. The bodies were recovered a few hours after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510854", "title": "Economy blues worry UPA ahead of 2014", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cares of office seemed to weigh on PM Manmohan Singh as he delivered his ninth Independence Day address, dwelling on a sputtering economy and an adversarial political environment that pose a challenge to the Congress's bid to craft a credible record ahead of the 2014 elections.Threading development, politics and India's security needs, the PM on Wednesday said, \"If we do not increase the pace of the country's economic growth, take steps to encourage new investment in the economy, improve the management of government finances and work for the livelihood security of the common man and energy security of the country, then it most certainly affects our national security.\"Taking note of the concerns expressed by rating agencies and foreign leaders over India's investment climate and controversial taxation initiatives \u2014 some of which are being reconsidered \u2014 Singh said, \"To attract foreign capital, we will have to create confidence at the international level that there are no barriers to investment in India.\"With the economy casting a deepening shadow over politics as the ruling coalition's re-election prospects are linked to inflation and job losses, the PM looked to rally morale, saying difficult times would not last long and promising to work for the creation of employment opportunities. The PM's focus was inward. He made a brief reference to the Assam violence and touched on major social sector initiatives in health, education, tribal welfare and scientific endeavours like the Mars mission.These included the expansion of the Rajiv Housing Loan Scheme for urban poor and the setting up of a National Skill Development Authority to upgrade the skill set of the population.The PM said the government \"will take measures to increase investment for infrastructure development with the help of the private sector... We will leave no stone unturned to encourage investment in our country so that our entrepreneurs can make a substantial contribution to our economy\".There were references to the Lokpal Bill and other transparency measures and the PM touched all bases while focusing also on steps to improve quality and an initiative to ensure remunerative prices for forest produce.He pointed to improvements in the law and order situation in the northeast and Jammu and Kashmir but acknowledged the threat Maoists continue to pose, adding that the bomb plot in Pune showed there was no room for complacency.Slow pace of growth hurts national security, warns PMPrime Minister Manmohan Singh sought to inject fresh urgency into efforts to revive growth, indentifying lack of political consensus as a major stumbling block and warning that failure to accelerate growth and attract investment would take a toll on national security.\"As far as creating an environment... for rapid economic growth is concerned, I believe that we are not being able to achieve this because of a lack of political consensus on many issues. Time has now come to view issues which affect our development processes as matters of national security,\" he said, reflecting the government's anxiety to secure cooperation of UPA allies as well as the opposition on several economic issues during the current session of Parliament.By popular estimate, this was the penultimate I-day speech of the PM's second term. But he passed up the temptation, if any, to engage in rhetorical fireworks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15521878", "title": "Farmer commits suicide after crop failure", "text": "RAJKOT: Falling victim to the prevailing water scarcity situation, another farmer committed suicide in Amreli district on Thursday morning. The deceased has been identified as Mohan Gohil (85) of Nana Machiyala village.Jayanti Gohil, who is the younger brother of the deceased, told police that Mohan committed suicide after his crop failed due to rain deficiency in the region. Police officials at Amreli taluka police station said he jumped into an open well on the outskirts of his village.Crop failure on account of rain deficiency has hit the farmers very hard compelling them to take extreme steps. Having sown their fields, their entire effort has proved futile as there have been no rains. Their investment in seeds has come to a naught. Sources said at least five farmers have committed suicide during the last one month in Saurashtra region after their crop failed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513002", "title": "Govt should do more to improve public healthcare system", "text": "The figures make it quite clear how abysmally successive governments have performed in putting in place a working public healthcare system. No wonder then that Indians spend more out of their pockets for illnesses than almost any other nation. This is a shame for 65-year-old independent India. More needs to be done to beef up the infrastructure. Much more importantly, the infrastructure that does exist must be adequately staffed. This is what our government must focus on urgently. If we do not provide for this very basic need for our citizens, we would have failed to keep the tryst with destiny that Nehru so eloquently spoke about 65 years ago.Related story : Unhealthy at 65: India has 76% shortfall in govt doctors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15509625", "title": "Velim MLA backs locals against land acquisition", "text": "MARGAO: Velim MLA Benjamin Silva on Wednesday expressed support to the people of Velim in their opposition to the proposed land acquisition for the expansion of the Cutbona jetty and a fish meal plant and assured to take up with the government the people's demand for scrapping the land acquisition proceedings for the project.Silva gave this assurance to the villagers at the extraordinary gram sabha of the Velim panchayat held on Wednesday where gram sabha members vehemently opposed the government's move of reviving the land acquisition process that was kept in abeyance for almost two years.The revenue department of the state government has recently notified Section 7 of the Land Acquisition Act, a few days before the land acquisition proceedings were to lapse.It may be recalled that the government had initiated the process of acquiring 30,000 sq m of land for the project in early 2010 by notifying Section 4 and Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act the same year. Following protests by the locals on grounds of environmental degradation, pollution and other issues, the government was forced to keep the process in abeyance.The revival of the land acquisition process has agitated the locals. Gram sabha members demanded that the government scrap the land acquisition proceedings forthwith failing which they have warned of an agitation. The local MLA who was also present for the meeting was asked to spell out his stand and Silva said that he was with the people in their opposition. The villagers were appreciative of Silva's presence at the gram sabha and urged him to take up the matter with the government.\"The government's move of reviving the land acquisition proceedings without even informing the panchayat is blatantly illegal and insulting for the people. We won't allow any acquisition of our land for any project. We demand that the government scrap the land acquisition proceedings, once and for all,\" Hector Colaco, a gram sabha member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "15510157", "title": "Indian Overseas Bank disburses loans to tribals", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The Ooty branch of the Indian Overseas Bank found a purposeful way to celebrate the Independence Day by announcing it as an occasion to provide financial independence to tribals in the Nilgiris.On Wednesday, the bank disbursed a total loan of Rs42lakh to about 160 needy customers, all from various tribal communities in the district. The loans are meant to fund diverse activities including dairy farming, sheep rearing, small businesses and education. Smart cards were also distributed to the beneficiaries.Venugopal Dharmalingam, assistant general manager, IOB, said over 50% of the Toda community in the Nilgiris has been included in the financial inclusion programme by IOB. The bank will look at other communities as well, he said, adding that tribals are good borrowers since they repay on time.G V Koorse, chief regional manager, IOB, pleaded with the tribal community to come out of the clutches of money lenders and assured that the bank would address their financial needs.IOB had volunteered to implement the financial inclusion programme for the tribal communities of the Nilgiris in June last year. At least seven tribal villages besides a Badaga village have been adopted by the bank under the financial inclusion programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509147", "title": "Manikonda case on weak wicket as two key lawyers 'sidelined'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Even as the hearing of the controversial Manikonda Jagir valued around Rs 32,000 crore or more is scheduled to come up before the Supreme Court next month, there are reports of increasing disquiet in the AP State Wakf Board.The case in which the state government, Lanco Hills Private Limited and other corporate entities are pitted against the Wakf Board over Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali Dargah's wakf land was scheduled to be heard on August 14. But now the hearing has been shifted to September 17.Following the Supreme Court granting stay on May 8 on the AP High Court order that had rejected the claim of AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) and corporate bodies over about 1,600 acre land mostly located in Manikonda village, it was expected that the State Wakf Board would work vigorously to challenge the apex court's injunction. However, reports doing the rounds indicate that the board is not showing the kind of interest that the case clearly demands.Now it transpires that two senior lawyers __ Shafeeq Rahman Mahajir and Masood Ali Khan __ who have worked on the case have requested the board to be relieved of their duties. While Khan complained that the board was not taking him into confidence on the progress of several key issues and would like to quit the case forthwith, Mahajir has made out a case over the \"negative\" attitude of the board. Masood Khan also wrote to the board chairman Afzal Biyabani recently complaining that he was not given some necessary files that he had sought for perusal.According to sources in the board, Mahajir had written at least five letters to the chairman and the CEO seeking necessary documents related to the case for preparing a counter which were given in installments. The advocate-on-record appointed by the board for the case in Supreme Court reportedly asked him to prepare a para-wise counter and send it to him which irked Mahajir to no end. The final nail came from the board CEO who wanted him to prepare a \"draft counter.\" Mahajir, the sources said, shot off a letter to the chairman stating that he was neither a \"junior\" lawyer nor an employee of the board and would not like to be dictated by the advocate-on-record and board officials.When asked about the developments, Afzal Biyabani told TOI that the job of these lawyers was \"only to give brief\" to the counsels who would be appointed by the board. \"It is the board that would decide whom to appoint and how to go about the case,\" he quipped.Observers believe that it would be a grave mistake on the part of the board to sideline Mahajir and Khan. Mahajir had single-handedly won the case in the high court fighting against heavy odds. While it is necessary to have a different set of lawyers in the Supreme Court, it would be suicidal not to have Mahajir and Khan in that team. \"Any slight dilution or deviation in the case could result in a loss of huge magnitude and nation-wide implications,\" cautioned one of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15510123", "title": "Maruti violence: Key accused arrested", "text": "GURGAON: Jiyalal, a key accused in the July 18 Maruti violence case, was arrested late on Wednesday evening in Dharuhera.A source said another person called Joginder was also arrested, though the report could not be confirmed. \"Jiyalal will be produced in a city court on Thursday,\" said Ravindra Tomar, ACP Pataudi and in charge of the special investigation team ( SIT). The entire episode was triggered by Jiyalal's beating up a superior and his suspension. The workers' union was demanding his reinstatement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15509333", "title": "Navy to get more fleet strength", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Indian Navy would be a world class force with the augmentation of 46 ships and submarines to its fleet later this year, vice-admiral Anil Chopra, flag officer commanding-in-chief of Eastern Naval Command said today.Addressing naval officers and civilians after unfurling the national flag on the 66th Independence Day, Anil Chopra said they have planned to include 46 more ships and submarines and a large number of aviation assets to the fleet.He said the ENC added stealth frigates, a nuclear-powered submarine and an unmanned aerial vehicle squadron to its arsenal.The vice-admiral said ENC would be home to anti-submarine corvettes, P8i long range maritime reconnaissance aircraft, MiG 29K fighter jets and advanced jet trainers.\"The command has remained in the forefront with the eastern fleet leaving its footprint all across the Indian Ocean ,\" he said.Earlier, a ceremonial parade was also held at the ENC parade ground where the Vice-Admiral received the salute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15511787", "title": "Fruit juice content turns chocolate fat-free", "text": "London: In some good news for chocaholics, scientists have created a chocolate bar which won't make you add on pounds as the fat in it has been replaced by fruit juice. Researchers from the University of Warwick have replaced up to 50% of chocolate's fat content with fruit juice, the 'Daily Mail' reported . The new bar will still appeal to chocolate lovers as it feels like chocolate, they claimed. \"Everyone loves chocolate \u2014 but unfortunately we all know that many chocolate bars are high in fat,\" Dr Stefan Bon, lead researcher said. \"However it's the fat that gives chocolate all the indulgent sensations that people crave \u2014 the silky smooth texture and the way it melts in the mouth but still has a 'snap' to it when you break it with your hand,\" Bon was quoted by the paper as saying. \"We've found a way to maintain all of those things that make chocolate 'chocolatey' but with fruit juice instead of fat,\" Bon said. \"Our study is just the starting point to healthier chocolate \u2014 we've established the chemistry behind this new technique but now we're hoping the food industry will take our method to make tasty, lower-fat chocolate bars,\" Bon added. The researchers took out much of the cocoa butter and milk fats that go into chocolate bars, substituting them with tiny droplets of juice measuring under 30 microns in diameter. They infused orange and cranberry juice into milk, dark and white chocolate using what is known as a Pickering emulsion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15509701", "title": "Minister raises hope for new market in Porvorim", "text": "MAPUSA: Housing minister Milind Naik has said that Porvorim will soon have a state-of-the-art market complex. The present market complex at Porvorim is in a pathetic condition.Due to incessant rains last week, some portions of the market caved in. After that, Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte, along with Milind Naik and chairman of housing board Glen Ticlo, visited the market. They inspected the entire market area and discussed the matter with shop owners.\"The condition of the existing market is pathetic; the government will take up the construction of a modern market complex soon,\" Naik said.He added that \"A Goa housing board committee will be formed to look after the market; the consultant will be appointed and the work will be taken up in phases, and will be completed within one and half year,\" Naik said.The Porvorim market has been neglected since its inception in 1965. Today, the ceilings are leaking, thus giving a hard time to shop owners. The market has also become a hub for migrants and anti-social elements. Stray dogs and cattle are dime a dozen.Ticlo said that shop owners will be asked to vacate the shops. \"The housing board will make alternate arrangements for these shop owners in a nearby area,\" Ticlo said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509283", "title": "Naya Qila: GHMC covers its tracks well in court", "text": "HYDERABAD: Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation's (GHMC) deposition on the controversial Naya Qila digging activity before the high court on Monday threw up some interesting facts. A quick scan of the civic body's inspection report, tabled in court, reveals that the Archeological Survey of India (ASI-Hyderabad), which has been feigning complete ignorance to these developments so far, was well aware of the illegal excavation work being carried out by the Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) on the heritage property premises since August 1. It even issued a show-cause notice to the A-listers club on August 6 directing it to stop the work with immediate effect. Curiously, however, ASI officials made no declaration of this during the August 9 meeting held at GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu's office. The meet was specially convened to discuss the digging work and was attended by representatives of GHMC, ASI, HGA and the civil society.On August 2, when TOI contacted R Krishnaiah, superintending archeologist of ASI, he had refused to comment on the matter and maintained: \"We have no knowledge of what is happening there.\"Krishnaiah's reaction has drawn strong criticism from heritage activists who allege that ASI is trying to protect the elite club and even assisting it in encroaching upon the heritage precinct. \"It is bad enough that ASI woke up four days after the work took off. The fact that its action remained only on paper and officials tried to conceal this information, raises further questions on ASI's involvement in the case,\" said activist Jasveen Jairath. Monday's court hearing was in response to the writ petition filed by Jairath complaining about the digging work at Naya Qila.Though GHMC painted a responsible picture before the HC bench by submitting documents proving that it had lodged a police complaint against 'some people' who were misusing the GHMC board to carry out excavation work at the heritage site, it refrained from explicitly naming HGA in it. This, despite it being aware of the digging work being overseen by a HGA-hired contractor.Predictably, activists allege that the municipal body too is party to this government-HGA nexus. What seems to fuel their doubt is the date of the police complaint, August 9. \"The meeting with the GHMC commissioner was held the same morning where officials of the department said they were planning to approach the police. The complaint looks like a hurried job done by the GHMC to defend itself in court,\" stated activists in their Naya Qila report submitted with the GHMC, ASI, collector (Hyderabad) and AP tourism department on August 13.The report even questions the role of the Golconda police in safeguarding the interests of the elite club.While the personnel deployed at the site on August 2 claimed that they were pressed into service by GHMC to avoid disruption in the digging work, just a week later, station house officer Md Waheeduddin admitted to have sent his team following a request from HGA.He, however, tried to play down the issue. \"Actually even we had heard of some groups planning to protest there. The police was sent to avoid any untoward incident,\" Waheeduddin had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15514829", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant case: HC slams Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: A flood of litigation after litigation seeking to stall the imminent opening of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant and the Centre's lukewarm response to the cases, came in for severe criticism with the Madras high court pulling up the litigants as well as the Centre on Thursday. A division bench comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice M Duraiswamy, lambasting the Centre, said it was unfortunate that the Centre had not taken the cases seriously enough. Pointing out that they had been hearing the cases without any break for the past two months because the portfolio was under the prime minister, the judges said the Centre was poor in indifferent to the cases in the Madras high court. The judges also wondered whether the Centre would take only the Supreme Court seriously. The judges flared up when two new public interest writ petitions were filed by advocate G Sundararajan of the Poovulagin Nanbargal against the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board's permission to load fuel in the reactor, as well as the state pollution control board's clearance for the units. Slamming the activists who keep filing petitions to stall the project, the judges also said one of the petitioners had filed a report by an American entity and termed the report as 'absurd'. The judges the adjourned the matter to August 21 for reply by the Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509309", "title": "Call for police reforms in state", "text": "HYDERABAD: There is an urgent need to make the state police force an autonomous body so that it would be accountable to the public and not the government, stressed activists at a discussion on the need for police reforms held on Wednesday. Speaking at the event, activists urged the government to amend the Indian Police Act 1861 which still governs the police forces in most of the states and also constitute a safety commission making police answerable to the peopleThe discussion organised by All India Lawyers Union, People's Forum for Human Rights and Sundarayya Vignana Kendram focused on the steps to be taken to ensure greater autonomy and accountability of the police force. \"It is sad that even after 65 years of Independence we feel the need to hold these discussions as the police system in our state suffers from many ills,\" said C Anjaneya Reddy, retired inspector general of police. \"The police force is still perceived as the coercive arm of the government and there is an immediate need to make it autonomous and increase the accountability to public and not the state.\"Bojja Tarakam, senior high court advocate and civil liberties activist, said that the police instead of acting as friend of the people was being used to terrorise them. \"The pathetic working conditions are only brutalizing the police driving some of them to inhuman acts while their concerned families resort to street protests. The attitude of the government towards the police should change.\" Jeevan Kumar, state president of Human Rights Forum, alleged that the government was secretly encouraging violence in the form of fake encounters and using the police to suppress social issues which it failed to resolve.Speakers unanimously agreed on the need to set up an independent body comprising intellectuals from various fields to oversee the actions of the police force so that the political leaders in power would not be able to use the force to fulfill their tasks and added that AP could take a leaf out of Kerala's Police Act 2010, to usher people-friendly changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510068", "title": "Accessible Dada makes guests feel at home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pranab Mukherjee brought back the era of an accessible President as he broke the security cordon to meet members of the diplomatic corps, dignitaries and guests at his first 'At Home' on Wednesday.The President's 'At Home' on the country's 66th Independence Day was an occasion to mingle but also a rare opportunity to meet the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , President and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, something that guests were able to do after a gap of several years.Former President Pratibha Patil usually restricted herself to meeting guests inside the security cordon.This time, the function was held in the sprawling Mughal Gardens at Rashtrapati Bhavan, a trend that was discontinued during Patil's tenure when the venue had shifted indoors where the guests had to be accommodated in different halls and hence pr-evented mingling.At the beginning of the function, it looked like it was going to rain and the staff efficiently handed out umbrellas. But the pleasant weather held much to the relief of the Rashtrapati Bhavan staff.Mukherjee walked away from the security cordon to mingle with guests before settling in the VVIP enclosure where Vice-President Hamid Ansari , the PM and wife Gursharan Kaur, Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar and Congress president Sonia Gandhi were seated.BJP leaders L K Advani, Sushma Swaraj , Arun Jaitley and Ravishankar Prasad besides Lalu Prasad and D P Tripathi (NCP) were also present.For those who paid attention to the band that was playing, there was a Tagore tune that marked the presence of the first President from West Bengal in Rashtapati Bhavan.Soon after the national anthem, the band played 'Ananda lokey managala lokey...', a well known prayer song composed and written by Rabindranath Tagore.Immediately after, people started queuing up to meet the VVIPs and the entire exercise went off smoothly.The three services chiefs \u2014 General Bikram Singh, Air Chief Marshal N A K Browne and Admiral Nirmal Verma \u2014 were seen mixing with the crowd as were Cabinet ministers A K Antony, P Chidambaram, V Narayanasamy and Rajeev Shukla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509491", "title": "All roads led to the ground", "text": "BANGALORE: As the sun played hide-and-seek on Wednesday morning, hundreds turned out at the Field Marshal Manekshaw Parade Grounds for a glimpse of the spectacular Independence Day celebrations. A feeling of pride swept through people once the tricolour flew in full glory and an armed forces helicopter passed the parade area, showering rose petals on everyone.The joy of independence floated in the air and voices joined together for the national anthem.\"This is the first time I've come to see the Independence Day celebration. And what a treat it has been! I enjoyed the show and I plan to come every year. Next year I'll bring daughter who is too young to be here this year,\" said Rajesh R.The ground rocked to the sound of Vande Matram as various bands joined the parade. For 73-year-old Subanna R, the contingents, hands swinging in unison marching to the bands was the star attraction. \"The patriotism is visible when contingents march to Vande Mataram. I liked this part of the celebration the most,\" he said.Some came from distant places to be part of the celebration. \"I came here at 8am and the place was already buzzing with people. No one wants to miss such an event - I've been coming here for the past five years. The feeling of joy and pride at the ground is unmatched. Watching the parade is a real treat. It's not the same if you watch it on television,\" said Ritu Raj, who came from RT Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15511746", "title": "Ogling drivers cause one million crashes in UK every year", "text": "LONDON: Eyes on the road! Ogling drivers cause nearly one million road accidents in Britain every year since they are too busy staring at attractive pedestrians, a new research has found.The study found that distracted motorists cause an average of 2,525 crashes every day as they lust through their windows, the equivalent of 921,840 per year.Drivers crash their cars into lampposts or shunt other vehicles more in the summer when men and women are wearing less clothing, the 'Daily Mail' reported.A study of 2,142 drivers found 60% of men admitted being distracted by attractive women while 12% of female drivers said they took their eyes off the road to leer at handsome men.As many as 21% of drivers also admitted that they couldn't tear their eyes away from advertising billboards featuring pictures of picture perfect models were also a major distraction on the road.A UK Insurance company found 17% of male drivers admitted knowing their actions were dangerous but said they 'could not help but look' . \"Stealing a quick look at an attractive pedestrian or billboard model may well be a bit of fun but, on a serious note, drivers shouldn't underestimate that this type of distraction is a major contributing factor in road accidents,\" said spokesman Matt Owen.\"The number of crashes caused in this way have not changed year on year so drivers obviously are not learning to keep their eyes on the road,\" Owen said.Experts also found that motorists who sing along to the radio or their favourite CD have slower reaction times than drivers who merely listen to music.Psychologists from Monash University in Australia conducted trials on a driving simulator in which volunteers were tested on how quickly they reacted to possible dangerous situations.The study among 21 drivers aged between 18 and 55 found singing while driving was rated mentally demanding and resulted in slower reaction times and more variable speeds, than driving without music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511489", "title": "The girl who had change of heart, for the better", "text": "CHENNAI: Reena Raju proudly flaunts the scar on her chest. It changed her heart, and her life. Now, nearly four years after a heart transplant in Chennai, the 31-year-old former Karnataka hockey player runs marathons, speaks to youngsters and promotes awareness on organ donation.Raju still remembers the day in 2006 she was told by doctors at a private hospital in Bangalore that she would not survive long without a heart transplant. She had gone to the hospital after suffering from fever, cold and fatigue for more than a month. She was diagnosed with dilated cardiomyopathy, a condition that made her heart large and useless. Raju was shattered. \"I was damn fit. I played hockey,\" she said.For the next few years, everything became restricted \u2014 food, drink, walking, and even sleep. She was registered with the Zonal Coordination Committee of Karnataka ( ZCCK) for cadaver organ transplantation, but the wait was long. She became desperate in 2008 and came down to Chennai's Frontier Lifeline hospital. The hospital put her on the waiting list for a heart.A month later, in October 2008, Raju got the first call from the hospital's transplant coordinator when she was in Bangalore. \"They wanted me to fly down. I should have been thrilled, but I said no. Somehow, the thought of someone removing my heart and replacing it with another did not go well with me. I turned down the offer,\" she said. She was also not sure if she wanted to spend lakhs of rupees on the surgery.Her decision upset her relatives. \"It was an organ I got after a long wait. They were upset I threw away my ticket to life,\" she said. The next few days Raju spent speaking to counsellors and doctors about heart transplant. In November, luck smiled at her again. The transplant coordinator asked her to come down for a transplant. In 24 hours, she was wheeled in for a transplant \u2014 the donor was a road accident victim in Chennai. It cost her Rs 5 lakh but in 10 days, she walked out of the hospital with a new heart. \"It wasn't easy, but today I am celebrating it. I will campaign for it,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513302", "title": "Kristina Akheeva in Yamla Pagla Deewana 2", "text": "Russian model Kristina Akheeva, who is the face of a popular deodorant commercial has signed her first Bollywood film. The model will make a debut opposite Sunny Deol in the sequel to Yamla Pagla Deewana.A source close to the film confirms, \"We have been auditioning a lot of models. After many auditions and screen tests, we have zeroed in on Kristina Akheeva, she is a popular model and perfectly suits the role.\"Kristina garnered a lot of media attention when she was spotted with actor Shahid Kapoor at a suburban coffee shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510771", "title": "Judicial overreach may tilt balance of power: CJI", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when the government is crying hoarse over the Supreme Court's Vodafone judgment and is pleading for a relook at its 'auction of all natural resources' dicta, Chief Justice of India S H Kapadia on Wednesday said judicial overreach in some cases could have disturbed the delicate balance of power among the three organs of governance.While calling for an extremely careful approach on the part of the executive and legislature in enacting law on judicial accountability so as not to curtail judicial independence, the CJI said judges of constitutional courts should not give interpretation to provisions of the Constitution to affect the balance of power among the three organs \u2014 legislature, executive and judiciary.\"I find the balance getting disturbed by some of our judgments. Respect for the powers of other institutions of governance should be part of the judicial adjudication process,\" he said in his speech as the chief guest at the Independence Day celebration organized by Supreme Court Bar Association.He said Parliament and executive had well-defined powers under the Constitution and these needed to be respected by the judiciary. \"Legality and legitimacy are important concepts and go hand in hand. If there is excess of judicial overreach, then the legitimacy of judgments will be obliterated,\" he warned.In audience were less than half of the total Supreme Court judges, law minister Salman Khurshid, attorney general G E Vahanvati and a small gathering of lawyers.Justice Kapadia said in the last six decades, the SC had given several landmark judgments on fundamental rights but very few had been rendered on the constitutional structure provided under the Indian Constitution, distribution of legislative powers, provisions dealing with relationship between the Centre and the states, establishment and constitution of Supreme Court and the provision for impeachment of judges.He said a wider and in-depth study on these aspects was needed as the Constitution was more than a written text. \"A superficial reading of select provisions of the written Constitution, without more, may be misleading. It is necessary to make a profound investigation of the underlying principles animating the whole of the Constitution, including the principles of idealism, democracy, constitutionalism and the rule of law,\" the CJI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15520758", "title": "LIC union demands 40% wage hike", "text": "NAGPUR: As the latest wage revision for Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is due on August 2012, INTUC-affiliated All India National Life Insurance Employees Federation has submitted a memorandum demanding 40%, hike in the basic wages. This will lead to parity with the central government employees, says the union. Central government employees have seen a substantial hike in their salaries after the sixth pay commission which was introduced over three years ago.NAGPUR: As the latest wage revision for Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) is due on August 2012, INTUC-affiliated All India National Life Insurance Employees Federation has submitted a memorandum demanding 40%, hike in the basic wages. This will lead to parity with the central government employees, says the union.Central government employees have seen a substantial hike in their salaries after the sixth pay commission which was introduced over three years ago.The Federation has demanded a petrol allowance equivalent to the cost of 30 liters of petrol for class III employees as well as 20 liters for class IV employees. A rise in house rent allowance has also been demanded, to the tune of 30% of the basic pay for those posted metropolitan cities with population over 12 lakh and 25% for those in smaller towns. The union demands that LIC should also reimburse the actual educational expenses incurred for two children by an employee.The charter of demands was submitted to the insurance company's chairman D K Mehtrotra. The union also urged for a speedy dialogue for fixing the new wages.After the insurance sector was opened up over a decade ago, it was apprehended that LIC may lose its market share to the private players. However, the government-owned insurance company pulled up its socks and emerged as the market leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "15511666", "title": "No end to elephant menace in Kodagu", "text": "Madikeri: Wild elephants continue to give sleepless nights to the villagers in Pollibetta, Kaikeri, Kalathmadu, Hosur and Bettageri in Kodagu. Desperate to save their crops from damage due to pachyderm menace, the villagers have warned the forest department to take appropriate steps to keep them away from the estates.They have given a time limit to the authorities who are now making efforts to chase away the herds. According to sources, a committee on man-elephant conflict will meet on August 23 and a report on remedial measures is expected to be submitted to the high court on August 30. The high court had earlier directed the committee to visit the affected areas and submit %a report. Thithimathi assistant conservator of forests CG Cariappa said elephants are being chased in Kaikeri-Kalathmadu villages but since some of these wild elephants have been living in the estates, it is becoming difficult for his staff to chase them away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15513137", "title": "7 terrorists, 1 soldier killed in Kamra airbase attack in Pakistan", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A group of terrorists armed with sophisticated weapons and suicide vests stormed a key Pakistan Air Force base in Punjab province that is believed to house nuclear weapons, triggering an intense gun battle that left seven attackers and a security personnel dead.The terrorists, some of whom were reportedly wearing military uniforms, sneaked into Kamra airbase at about 2am on Thursday despite a state of high alert at the facility.The attackers breached at least three barriers and tried to target Saab-2000 surveillance aircraft, news channels reported.Following a gun battle that lasted over three hours, seven terrorists were gunned down by commandos, a PAF spokesman told the media.He said eight terrorists were involved in the attack. There was no word on the fate of the remaining attacker.The spokesman said explosives were strapped to the body of one attacker. He said the attackers were engaged by two teams of commandos.The spokesman said one security personnel was killed and several others, including base commander Air Commodore Muhammad Azam, were injured.Azam, who was leading the operations, was hit by a bullet but he is \"safe and stable\", the spokesman said.Earlier reports had said two security personnel were killed.The military's media arm told reporters that the situation at the Kamra airbase was under control and troops were conducting a search operation to ascertain if any more terrorists were inside the complex.The PAF spokesman said one aircraft was damaged when it was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade fired by the attackers. He did not give details of the extent of the damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509313", "title": "Demand for medals for prison officials", "text": "HYDERABAD: The All India Prison Officers Association (AIPOA) has urged the state government to consider awarding medals for meritorious service to prison officials as is done in the case of police and excise officials on Independence Day. The AIPOA, which takes up the welfare issues of prison officials all over the country, has been making the demand for several years but the state government has not responded on the plea.AIPOA president K V Reddy pointed out that prisons officials work 24 hours since even after their work hours they will still be available for responding to emergency situations. He said prison officials deal with criminals and this needed skill, patience, tact and commitment to work.K V Reddy said it was only a legitimate demand for prison officials to get their due recognition for their services in the form of medals from the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15522023", "title": "Gone to spit, steel trader meets death", "text": "SURAT: Habit of chewing mavo (a concoction of betel nut, tobacco and lime) proved costly for a steel trader and his friend, who fell off from the 12th floor of an under-construction building in Puna area on Wednesday.Ashok Lathiya (37) and his friend Kishore Mangukia (36), both steel traders, had gone up the building to check some construction material. After climbing up the building using the stairs, Lathiya consumed the mavo and went near the edge of the floor to spit after few minutes.However, he slipped from there and fell. Mangukia was also dragged along with him when he tried to catch hold of his leg to save him.Puna police registered a case of accidental death.Mangukia was a resident of Santosh Apartment on LH road and Lathiya lived in Kavita Row House in Kapodara.They had gone to the building Abhishek Apartment II along with their friend Jashwant Savani.\"We have investigated the incident and it appears nothing more than just an accident. The trio visited the spot to inspect the construction as they were thinking of buying a flat in the apartment,\" said SH Ahir, police inspector of Puna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15509185", "title": "Enthusiastic India take on Lebanon in basketball opener", "text": "NAGPUR: 40 years ago, Indian basketball had achieved one of its most glorious days when their U-18 boys team finished fourth in the FIBA Asia Championship.Thereafter, the 44th ranked Indian team went on to play the biannual event many a time; albeit success eluded them. However, expectations from the team that has had one-year stint under Kenny Natt -- guide of LeBron James -- is almost similar, if not more when the 22nd FIBA Asia Championship in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia , begins from Friday.With an aim to make an impact, the enthusiastic Indian youngsters will wish to follow some notable footsteps when they open their campaign against 36th ranked Lebanon which has some hot talents on the prowl -- in the form of Jimmy Salem and Gerard Hadidian, an experienced FLBB Division A League player. The Indian line-up is conspicuous by the absence of their most gifted 7-footer to have emerged from the sub-continent, Satnam Singh Bhamara, who had shown tremendous improvement in his last international outing in the Asia U-16 meet at Vietnam last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15509291", "title": "VIP prisoners kept away from I-D fete at Chanchalguda", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was Independence Day no doubt, but VIPs in the Chanchalguda jail did not have the freedom to participate in the celebrations in the jail. Security concerns prevented YSR CP leader Y S Jaganmohan Reddy and the rest of the special class prisoners from attending the flag hoisting ceremony in the central prison.It was indeed celebration time in the jail as inmates had organised their own cultural programmes. Jail superintendent K Keshava Naidu hoisted the tricolour. The celebrations had begun couple of days ago as prison authorities held various competitions like games, sports and literary activities for the inmates. The winners were given prizes during the Independence Day celebrations in the jail.The celebrations were organised in one of the barracks meant for the under trials. The VIP prisoners are lodged in what is known as the old hospital block in the jail and this is cut off from the rest of the new prison barracks. Apart from Jaganmohan Reddy, suspended bureaucrat B P Acharya, former minister Mopidevi Venkataraman, businessman Nimmagadda Prasad and others gave the Independence Day celebrations a miss.Sources said the prison authorities did not want to take any chances whatsoeverwith the security of the special class prisoners and so did not let them participate in the celebrations.At the Special Prison for Women, Hyderabad located opposite the Chanchalguda Central Prison, Independence Day celebrations were organised on a grand scale.On the occasion of Independence Day, the inmates of the women's jail were given a 200 gm laddu each. Inmates celebrated the day by participating in the rangoli competition. They also participated in running,singing, elocution and debate competitions. The elderly inmates also took part in a walking competitions. The children of the prisoners, who stay in the jail along with their mothers, sang songs to entertain the inmates.Suspended IAS officer Srilakshmi, who is an under trial in the jail, saluted the national flag after it was unfurled by the jail superintendent Basheera Begum. Srilakshmi, however, kept aloof from the other inmates and watched the celebrations from a distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15519173", "title": "Vijay Kumar wants officer-rank post", "text": "NEW DELHI: Olympic silver medallist shooter Vijay Kumar was happy after being promoted to the post of Subedar Major but felt he deserved to be elevated to an officer-rank post after his exploits at the international stage over the years.The 26-year-old Vijay was today promoted and given a cash award of Rs 30 lakh with Army Chief Gen Bikram Singh promising all help to elevate him to the rank of an officer.\"I am happy with the promotion. I have no issues with the Army. It is because of them I am here but thinking about one's career is not also bad. So I have kept my points and if something positive comes out, I will continue in Army,\" Vijay told reporters after a felicitation programme.\"It is not an officer-rank post. It is a junior commissioned rank, not a senior commissioned rank (officer post). My request for a senior commissioned rank is pending and in 5-6 months, we will get the result.\"(Ajay) Maken sir has also assured ... the cabinet has also passed a regulation that if you bring medal then IAS-rank jobs will be given. So let's see,\" he added.Elaborating on his promotion, Vijay said, \"It was a pending decision. It has been cleared now. Two promotions out of turn is allowed and I was given that. Last year, I had filled up a willing form in seniority.\"In December last year, it was supposed to be decided but I came to know that my name was not there in the merit list. So I filled up the form again and this decision came today,\" said Vijay, who was handed Rs 25 lakh by SAIL for winning a silver in the just-concluded London Olympics.Vijay was promoted from rank of Subedar to Subedar Major in a ceremony where Gen Singh and Army Vice Chief Lt Gen S K Singh pipped-in his ranks on his shoulders.\"This commission (to the grade of officer) has to be granted by the President and certain rules have to be followed. We will provide all help to him as he is very capable ... he talks in English and is very educated and has the capabilities to become an officer. We will further strengthen his capabilities to make him a commissioned officer,\" the Army Chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516170", "title": "Not interested in selling my personal life, says R-Patz", "text": "Robert Pattinson refused to answer any question about his failed relationship with 'Twilight' co-star Kristen Stewart in a recent TV interview and said that he's not interested in selling his personal life.He looked tired and under pressure when 'Good Morning America' host George Stephanopoulos asked him to open up about his personal troubles while handing him a box of his favourite cereal - Cinnamon Toast Crunch - as an ice breaker.The young star, instead, asked the host: \"how are you doing and what do you want your fans to know about what's going on in your personal life?\"He continued \"I like my fans to know that Cinnamon Toast Crunch only has 30 calories a bowl. Pretty much everything that comes out of my mouth is irrelevant,'\" according to the SunHe then confirmed his reluctance to discuss anything other than the movie he is starring in, saying, \"I've never been interested in trying to sell my personal life and that's really the only reason people bring it up. That's the reason you go on TV - to promote movies.\"Pattinson described life as a celebrity as like \"being on the craziest theme park ride.\"He added: \"If you start getting used to it means you're going crazy. It's totally exciting but eventually at some point you've got to have a break.\"Pattinson is reportedly set to star alongside Naomi Watts in 'Queen Of The Desert', where he will take on the role of British Army officer T.E. Lawrence .Also according to a source, Pattinson is due to present a gong at the MTV Video Music Award's - alongside cheating ex-girlfriend Stewart - on September 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509612", "title": "Northeast people are safe in the city, say top cops", "text": "BANGALORE: State police chief Lalrokhuma Pachau on Wednesday said not a single police case has been registered anywhere in Karnataka in connection with alleged threats to people from the north-east.At a hurriedly convened press conference, Pachau said, \"There are rumours that North-East people have been thrashed and asked to leave the city. We want to clarify these are baseless rumors and no person of north-eastern origin has filed any complaint or approached police about such an instance.\"Pachau said people should stay ignore false messages on social networking sites. \"Rumours are being spread with lightning speed through the internet. Let's keep a distance from them,\" he requested north-eastern migrants in particular and Bangaloreans in general.Pachau said deputy commissioner of police-intelligence VS D'Souza has been appointed nodal officer to address any problems concerning people from north-eastern states. \"People can call the police control room at any time and convey the message. In districts, they can call the superintendents of police,\" he added.City police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said his department is ready to go to the victim's doorstep to receive any complaints of harassment. \"If they have any fear of walking to the police station and filing a complaint, we'll go to their doorstep and take the complaint. Already, special squads have been deployed in areas thickly populated by north-eastern migrants,\" he said.According to police, rumours of attacks peaked when many north-eastern migrants were planning their seasonal visits home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515619", "title": "Kolkata applauds Bapi Bari Jaa's first look", "text": "Bapi Bari Jaa, Abhijit Guha and Sudeshna Roy's latest film is about a young sheltered guy who suddenly discovers life when he comes out on to the streets one day. The term 'Bapi' has no particular meaning, but means to tell a guy to go home after he has played a lot on the streets or it could also mean telling a guy to just buzz off. Bapi is just a relative term which is commonly used in central and North Kolkata,' said Abhijit Guha, one half of the directorial duo of Abhijit Guha aand Sudeshna Roy at the press meet at the Park on Tuesday where the first look of the was unveiled.The film is about youngsters, it deals with them, their problems, how they deal with things like love, sex and life in general. It is shown from their point of view and six new youngsters feature in this film. Besides Arjun Chakrabarty and Mimi Chakrabarty who have featured in the serial 'Gaaner Opare', it also features Anindya Chatterjee (not from Chandrabindoo), Shamli Burman, Tista Dutta, Dhruv Lal, Pamela Singh Bhutoria, Debesh Chatterjee, Tulika Basu, Biplab Bandopadhyay, Abhrajit Chakrabarty, Bulbuli Panja, Chaitali Dasgupta, Srijit Mukherjee (Guest Appearance) and Abir Chatterjee (Guest Appearance). The film has been produced by Ideas Creation Pvt Ltd and Shree Venkatesh Films.While the story is by Sudeshna Roy, the screenplay and dialogues are by Padmanava Dasgupta. The editor is Sujoy Dutta Roy while the cinematographer is Sourav Goswami. The music is by Jeet Ganguly while the lyrics are by Prasen, Srijato and Chandrani Ganguli. The playback singers are Shaan, Rashid Khan, Usha Uthup , Palash Sen (Euphoria), Monali Thakur, Jeet Gannguli and Bonny Chakrabarty.The film will release sometime in the middle of September. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516485", "title": "Apple may launch iPhone 5, iOS 6 &amp; new iPod on Sep 12", "text": "Apple is expected to launch the next edition of the iPhone on September 12, along with the eagerly awaited iOS 6 and the next-generation iPod touch.Before 2011, Apple had always launched the iPhone in summers while the iPod was rolled out in the fall , for the holiday season. However, Apple deviated from that practice last year when it unveiled the iPhone 4S in October, whereas the only tweak in the iPod came in the form of an additional colour option. A complete overhaul of the iconic touch device is long overdue and many expect the manufacturer to bring out a completely refreshed version during the iPhone launch event itself.This year, the same launch schedule is expected to be followed and iOS 6, which was first unveiled by Apple in June, will be officially rolled out too. The new version of the company's popular operating system features Apple's maps as it has done away with Google Maps. The mobile OS will also boast of new iCloud features, including 'Documents in the Cloud', which consists of new applications like Pages, Keynotes and Numbers, while some features such as Calendar and Contacts will be upgraded.Along with these, FaceTime will be made compatible with 3G networks in the new iOS, while a new app called Passbook will allow users to book airline tickets. With iOS 6, Apple has removed the YouTube native app, though users can download it from Apple App Store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515471", "title": "Nandamuri Mokshagna to debut in 3 years", "text": "Ever since Nandamuri Balakrishna's son Mokshagna was spotted at the audio launch of Srimannarayana, T-towners and film buffs were wondering when Nandamuri Mokshagna would enter films. Even Nandamuri fans are going gung ho about Mokshagna's Tollywood debut.However, Balakrishna, at a press briefing, has clarified that his son Mokshagna would foray into films only after he completes studies and this would take another 3-4 years time. \"Defintiely Mokshagna would come into films but only after completing his studies. He's showing keen interest in acting and I'm happy for that\", said Balakrishna, who is awaiting the release of his forthcoming flick \"Srimannarayana\".Chiranjeevi and Nagarjuna's sons have already launched their sons in Tollywood but Nandamuri fans have to wait for some more time to see Mokshagna making his film debut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515168", "title": "Real Star Srihari turns director", "text": "Real Star Srihari, who carved niche for himself as action hero, is all set to make his directorial debut with a movie titled \"D Gang\". Celebrating his birthday yesterday (August 15), the versatile actor announced his decision to wield the megaphone for a Telugu film soon. \"It's a birthday resolution. My dream is to direct a film and I think the time has come to fulfill it\", said Srihari.The actor further reveals that D Gang will be an action entertainer having a mafia backdrop and he chose such a script since my forte lies in such a genre. \"I worked on several actions movies and I am also a gymnast. So obviously I feel that making my directorial debut in action movies will give my career the required boost\", adjoins the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15509526", "title": "Piyush Chawla confident of good show", "text": "CHENNAI: Form and confidence are two things every player wants to take into a big series, more so when it is his comeback series. Piyush Chawla will be taking both form and confidence into the upcoming series against New Zealand after standing out with both bat and ball in a TNCA first division game in the city.Chawla was the pick of the bowlers for his side, Jolly Rovers, in a high scoring match against IOB this week. He followed it up with a blistering knock of 154 to ensure his side shared the points.\"It feels good to be back in the national side and doing well in this game will help,\" he told the Times of India.The fact that Chawla chose to play a league game just a week before the start of a big series was a surprise to many, but he believes it was important for him to get some serious match practice. \"No matter how hard you practise in the nets, a match situation is always different. Also, I consider this to be the best league in the country and you have to put in a lot of effort here because the standards are so high. The pitch in this game was good for batting so I had to put in a lot of effort when I bowled.\"Chawla's form with the bat could also make a case for him to be included in the side as an all-rounder but that is not something that is really on his mind. \"I have always worked hard on my batting. I haven't really got too many chances to showcase my batting ability at the international level but I didn't really make use of the few opportunities that I got,\" he said.Though he is only 23, Chawla has already been in and out of the side a few times. The experience he believes has made him stronger, \"When you are left out of the side, you obviously work hard to get back in. I don't mean to say that you don't work hard when you are in the side, because ultimately every player wants to play at the highest level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516059", "title": "R-Patz to play Lawrence of Arabia", "text": "Robert Pattinson finally has some thing to be happy about as the star is all set to join Werner Herzog's \"Queen of the Desert,\" which will also star Naomi Watts .The flick will chronicle the life of english writer Gertrude Bell , who was also one of the first women to graduate from Oxford at the turn of the 20th century.Watts will portray the character of Bell, and the movie will depict her life as a writer, archaeologist, explorer, cartographer and political attache for the British Empire, who travelled through the Middle East, defining the borders of Iraq , Jordan and Saudi Arabia , the Variety reported.Pattinson is to play T.E. Lawrence, a British Army officer whose writing earned him international fame as Lawrence of Arabia, on whom David Lean's classic 1962 epic is based.Lawrence was a good friend to Bell over the years, as the duo helped establish the Hashemite dynasties in Jordan and Iraq.The flick, which is aiming to start production in late fall, is being produced by Cassian Elwes and Nick Raslan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15510984", "title": "\u2018Chaat\u2019 eyes UK street food honour", "text": "LONDON: An intrepid Indian origin entrepreneur who relishes putting together spicy 'chaat', 'bhel puri' and 'samosa' has climbed up Britain's food charts by being one of 16 finalists out of over 3000 entries for the British Street Food Awards 2012.The awards, to be announced in London on September 15 and 16, celebrate the variety of street food available across Britain, usually sold in vans and trolleys stationed at key locations in city centres and some residential areas.Based in Leeds, Britainborn Manjit has enticed customers with her freshly prepared street food sold from a 'thela' named 'The Number 1 Chaat Station', which also plays songs on a vintage sound system.After awards organizers announced the 16 finalists, Manjit is preparing to slowly roll her 'thela' all the way to London, where the finalists will congregate with their vans and trolleys outside celebrity chef Jamie Oliver's restaurant for the judges and food lovers to adjudicate.She started her company 'Manjit's Kitchen' on 2009 when she was made redundant from her office job, and soon gained culinary popularity as her vegetarian offering went down well with people who prefer authentic Indian food to dishes that are customized to the British palate.Food journalist and founder of the awards Richard Johnson writes: \"In the old days, British street food meant cheap sausages and overfried onions, served off rusty metal handcarts. But that's changing. And about time too. For a nation that's stacked with food magazines and food programmes, we've run out of excuses.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15511585", "title": "Belthangady bids adieu to Lance Naik Krishnappa", "text": "Mangalore: Independence Day turned into a mournful day for villagers of Balike in Nada in Belthangady taluk following the death of a brave soldier of the soil. They bid a tearful adieu to Lance Naik Krishnappa Gowda, 32, posted at 507, Army Services Corps, Firozpur in Punjab, who died at India - Pakistan border.Krishnappa, son of farmer couple Chanana Gowda and Monamma, is suspected to have died on Monday late evening. District in-charge minister CT Ravi, superintendent of police Abhishek Goyal and officials paid their tributes to Krishnappa at 'Shradhanjali Sthal' at Mangalore airport on Wednesday. Soldiers of the 122 Infantry Battalion, Madras received the body at the airport and proceeded to Nada, which is about 70 kilometers from Mangalore. The SP said that the reason for his death is yet to be confirmed. \"Preliminary reports suggested that Krishnappa had died of cardiac arrest while he was on sentry duty,\" Abhishek added. District in-charge minister CT Ravi also maintained that the cause of Krishnappa's death is not yet known. Meanwhile, sources from the Army said, a cross fire cannot be ruled out since he was posted at the border. However, actual reason can be ascertained after the post mortem report is made available, sources added. Krishnappa's brother Prakash said that the soldier had spoken to his wife Lata ,26, a lecturer in an ITI college in Moodbidri, on Sunday night. \"The next morning Lata could not contact him and she told me that her husband was not receiving calls. There was no response, when I tried to call him. Later, we got a call from the Army headquarters informing us of his death,\" Prakash added. He was to come home on Aug 20Gowda had married Lata on June 13 at Belthangady. Though he was supposed to return to Firozpur on July 13, his holiday was extended to July 20.He had informed the family members that he would be returning home on August 20. He also had plans to take Lata along to Firozpur as he was allotted a quarters. He served the Army for 12 years at Srinagar and Punjab and also spent six months in South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509581", "title": "Cook's killer ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old man who was wanted for murdering his colleague allegedly committed suicide on Wednesday.Shibanand Jain, a native of Odisha, worked as a cook's assistant in a household in Koramangala III Block. He allegedly killed his colleague Jamuna Devi, 45, at their employers residence on 7{+t}{+h} Cross on Tuesday night. Shibanand Jain was said to be upset with the cook's overbearing ways.Police had launched a manhunt for Shibanand. \"We tracked his mobile phone which indicated he was at the BDA complex in Koramangala, close to the crime scene. But his colleague found hanging from the ceiling of the outhouse,\" said a senior police officer. Police suspect he returned home later on Tuesday night and committed suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15509647", "title": "Honour killing: Orphaned Vinanthi adopted by uncle", "text": "BELGAUM: Seven-month-old Vinanthi, who has lost her parents in an alleged case of honour killing, has been adopted by her paternal uncle Lakshman Gangappa Kuri.Vinanthi's parents Vittal Kuri and Nethra were brutally murdered Monday night at their house in Losur village in Gokak taluk.Till Tuesday evening, the couple's neighbours were looking after Vinanthi. She was later handed over to Vittal's mother who gave the baby to Lakshman, Vittal's older brother. Speaking to TOI, Lakshman, who is married and has two daughters aged three and two, said: \"My wife Lakshmi has already started taking care of her. She is refusing to drink milk from a feeding bottle, so we are trying to force her to drink some milk using a spoon.\"\"The road ahead is difficult for us. We can see that Vinanthi is missing her mother. Her eyes keep searching for her,\" Lakshman adds.The couple has decided to adopt the baby and take care of her as their own.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509423", "title": "Education policy to be submitted for government's nod", "text": "PANAJI: With the medium of instruction (MoI) issue resolved for now, the state government is finally preparing to bring the Goa education policy into force, which was caught up due to the MoI controversy.Sources said that director for higher education Bhaskar Nayak- who has been handling the process of framing of the policy- has been asked to submit the education policy afresh for the government's consideration. The Goa State Integrated Education Policy- the first of its kind for the state- calls for education in the mother tongue. The state has been looking forward to the policy since 2007.The policy was first stuck as the central government notified the Right of Child to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, and changes had to be made to the Goa education policy so it agrees with the central government legislation. For the last one year, the policy had to be put on the backburner as a section of parents were demanding grants for English primary schools as well and this had forced the state government to look into their demand.Now, as an exception for grants has been made for 142 English medium primary schools and the chief minister has clarified that the state's policy will essentially promote education in the mother tongue, the road has been cleared for implementation of the Goa State Integrated Education Policy.The Goa State Integrated Education Policy proposes that stress should be laid on universal access to quality school education. This, it proposes should be done by reviewing teachers' training and orientation programmes and providing every teacher an opportunity to undergo the in-service training atleast once in five years.Computer-aided learning at all levels will be introduced. And teachers, particularly at the pre-primary and primary level will be sensitised to the needs of children with special needs. A state-level certification board will also be constituted to certify skills acquired by individuals with the help of private institutes or through their own efforts.The school students will be able to choose subjects based on the stream they wish to pursue right from Class IX, as per the draft policy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15511767", "title": "Loo and behold: Next-generation toilets go green", "text": "New Delhi: Imagine a toilet that removes water from human waste and vaporizes it using a hand-operated vacuum pump, turning the remaining solids into fuel that can be used as fertilizer . Or, how about a self-contained toilet that disinfects liquid waste and turns solid waste into fuel or electricity. Even better is a solar toilet that uses concentrated sunlight to disinfect liquid-solid waste and produce biological charcoal (biochar) that can be used as replacement for wood charcoal or chemical fertilizers.These \"next-generation\" toilets won the prestigious \"Reinvent the Toilet\" challenge , which was floated by IT czar-turned-philanthropist Bill Gates last year. During his recent visit to India, Gates had told TOI that reinventing a toilet that has an operational cost of $0.05 per user, per day, and a contraption that does not rely on water to flush waste and does not discharge pollutants was his latest mission. According to him, no innovation in 200 years has saved more lives than a toilet. The Gates Foundation said 2.6 billion people still don't have a safe \"affordable way to poop\" . California Institute of Technology received $100,000 as the first prize for designing a solar-powered toilet that generates hydrogen and electricity. Loughborough University of the UK won $60,000 as the second place prize for a toilet that produces biological charcoal, minerals and clean water. University of Toronto won the third prize of $40,000 for a toilet that sanitizes feces and urine and recovers resources and clean water. Unsafe methods to capture and treat human waste result in serious health problems and death. According to Gates, food and water tainted with fecal matter result in 1.5 million child deaths every year. Most of these deaths could be prevented with the introduction of proper sanitation. Gates felt that all other modes save flush toilet are vastly inferior. \"One of my ultimate dreams is to reinvent the toilet - find a cheaper alternative to the flush toilet that does not require running water, has smell characteristics better than flush toilet and cheaper to build,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517762", "title": "Taapsee has respect only for Tammu", "text": "The curly haired actress Taapsee is known not to speak her mind no matter what, be it while interacting with the media in public or fans on twitter. But recently the actress bowled over another actress in the tinsel town.At the recent Santosham Awards ceremony, another senior heroine asked Taapsee as to why she is not giving proper respect to seniors. Meanwhile, milky beauty Tamanna is beside that senior heroine and here goes Taapsee's answer. 'I respect only Tammu from Tollywood as she is the most talented and beautiful. Rest I'm not worried', she stated politely.Earlier, Taapsee revealed the same in an interview about her views regarding competition in Tollywood. Well, this is what they say regional love and both Taapsee and Tammu are from Punjab! source: gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15509396", "title": "New substation to ensure better power supply", "text": "NOIDA: With several commercial projects coming up in sectors adjoining the entry point of Noida near the DND flyway, work is on to build a new power substation to cater to increased demand of electricity once these projects begin operations. The Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) will build a 220KV substation near Rainy Well No. 9 of the Noida Authority. This substation will not only meet power demands for the new projects, but also increase better electricity supply to Film City.Many commercial projects are at present underway in Sectors 16A, 18, 38A, 94, 124 and 125, which include 5-star hotels, corporate offices and shopping malls. UPPCL has projected an additional power demand of around 300 MVA once these establishments begin operations.Land for the project adjacent to the rainy well was identified by UPPCL in a joint survey carried out with Noida Authority. \"The architecture department of Noida Authority is studying the feasibility of the site for this substation which can fulfil an additional power demand of 300 MVA. A decision on the capacity of transformers to be placed at this substation will be shortly taken,\" said a senior UPPCL official.UPPCL informed that the new KV substation will be connected to the existing 33KV substations in nearby commercial sectors. \"Power would be transmitted from this substation to the three existing 33KV substations in Sector 18. Hence, new commercial projects would be assured continuous supply and not depend entirely on the old substations,\" said the power official.The new substation will also be connected to the two existing 33KV substations in Film City which would get continuous flow of power. UPPCL said that other benefits like normalization of voltage levels would also emanate from out of this new substation because the transmission lines to the existing 33KV substations will be considerably shortened in length. \"At present, power is drawn to these substations over more than 15km of transmission lines. With the new 220KV substation, transmission lines would be around 5km in length. Hence, transmission losses would automatically lessen,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516910", "title": "'Ek Tha Tiger' sets new box-office record", "text": "Actor Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger set a box-office record of sorts by notching the highest-ever first-day collections. While Ek Tha Tiger collected Rs 32 cr. Hrithik Roshan-starrer Agneepath held the record earlier by collecting Rs 23 crore on its first day. Khan's previous hits - Bodyguard and Ready - also posted high earnings at the box-office on their first day of release, at Rs 21 crore and Rs 12.5 crore respectively.Khan is known for choosing his film's releases around Id. Not many analysts believe this is a good decision because it's considered a period of austerity. Trade analyst Amod Mehra said, The industry felt Ek Tha Tiger's release during Ramzan was not wise as most single-screen audience would stay away from watching films in this period.'' However, he said that Ek Tha Tiger witnessed heavy blackmarketing of tickets at many single screen today-an indicator of rapid business in Bollywood circles. Box-office pundits feel the Salman Khan-starrer will scale other Bollywood highs as well. Statistically speaking, they felt that it would also reach the magic figure of Bollywood - 100 crore - in the shortest possible time. Said Vishal Anand of Fun Cinemas,\" Ek Tha Tiger has not only got the biggest opening ever, many of our multiplexes will mark their highest single-day collection with this film.'' He estimates that the film will break the 100-crore mark in five days as against a week needed by other blockbusters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15512986", "title": "Sai Dharam Tej\u2019s Rey to be shot in Caribbean", "text": "Sai Dharam Tej's debut film \"Rey\" has become the first Telugu movie to be shot in Caribbean Islands. At a time where all filmmakers are planning to shoot in USA, Europe and Australia, director YVS Chowdhary decided to take a different route by shooting the film in Caribbean.The director is currently filming talkie part and a couple of action sequences in Trinidad &amp; Tobago, and this schedule is expected to be wrapped up in the next ten days. The film's next schedule will begin in September in USA where the unit will film scenes in New York and Las Vegas to wrap up the entire shooting part of the movie.Rey is a musical film in which the hero based in Carribean fights it out his way up. It seems Sai Dharam Tej and Saiyami Kher will be seen as professional dancers and Shraddha Das will play a pop diva. The first half of the film will take place in West Indies while the second half will be shot in the US. Chakri is composing the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514178", "title": "How to dress ethnic", "text": "Shah confesses to reeling in confusion when she has to dress ethnic. \"I love accessorising my Anarkalis, sarees and lehengas, but I don't want to end up looking like a Christmas tree,\" she tells Lalwani.  The rule, says the designer, is never to wear more than six items at a time. \"Choose your statement piece, say, a maang teeka. If you are wearing chandelier earrings, go with a line of kundan or a simple chain,\" she says.Silver and gold aren't friends. So, if you want to wear bangles, match the metal with your neckpiece. \"Keep away from arm cuffs. Stacked bangles also look a bit much. Wear a kada, instead,\" Lalwani suggests. Avoid over-matching, and always remember, less is more. \"If you have a doubt about whether you are wearing too much, then you probably are,\" says Lalwani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510126", "title": "Amit barely conscious, no aid for kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amit Jain (31) who was hit by a light pole that came crashing down, continued to be in pain at St Stephen's Hospital. Jain's wife, Rekha, on Wednesday claimed that no one approached her with any kind of help. Chief minister Sheila Dikshit had told TOI on Tuesday that the government was willing to extend whatever help possible to the family.Jain is expected to undergo surgery on his left arm soon, where a rod will have to be placed inside. \"He is unconscious most of the time and is not very coherent. No one has offered any kind of assistance. My son is in the care of relatives and has no idea what is going on,\" Rekha told TOI.Jain, an executive with a telecommunications service provider, is the sole breadwinner of a family of three. \"I am somehow paying the daily hospital fees. It varies between Rs 20,000 and Rs 50,000. Soon, there would be a surgery. He was earlier admitted in a government hospital, but due to slow response time, I had to shift him to a private hospital,\" added Rekha.Battling injuries on the head, chest, shoulders and left hand, Jain was admitted in ICU for three days and then shifted to a ward. TOI tried to interact with Jain, but he was not able to speak.Rekha is struggling to get her husband treated, who was hit by a light pole due to negligence of the authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510863", "title": "No return pass on sea link riles taxi commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: Sharvari Rane, a Bandra resident who used to regularly take the sea link in a taxi to reach her Worli office, has gone back to the old route via Mahim. The reason: she has been unable to get a discounted return pass of Rs 82, which is valid for a return journey, as she travels in a taxi.\"Now, I have to pay Rs 110 daily, almost Rs 30 more than the return pass,\" she ointed out.Sharvari is not the only one. Several regular Bandra-Worli Sea Link commuters who travel by taxis are back on the old route. According to a new rule, they cannot get the discounted pass as they will not return in the same taxi which they hired on their upward journey.\"Until a month ago, we could buy it, then why not now, especially when the electronic collection system has come into place,\" said Parth Rao, a commuter who had an argument with the toll collector.But the state administration says according to the law, toll is collected on vehicles and not on commuters. \"The pass is for vehicles using the sea link as the vehicle number has to be noted down and rechecked during the return journey,\" said an MSRDC official.on it has to be issued by putting a vehicle number on it and also need to be rechecked during return journey,\" said a senior MSRDC official pointing out the toll collection rules of the state government which suggest identification of vehicles being issued with passes.\"This is discriminatory and works against the larger interest of sustainable transport. Passengers travelling in taxis are not allowed to buy a return ticket unless they are returning in the same taxi. It makes absolutely no sense,\" said Deepika D'souza of India Centre for Human Rights and Law.Toll collecting agency officials said if anyone has been allowed to buy a return pass when in taxi, it must have been a mistake. According to rules, a commuter can take only one-way ticket if he or she is in a taxi. On why commuters in taxis are given return passes in other countries and cities, officials said such passes are issued only to the cabbies and not the commuters.\"Which taxi will wait for you till you return? And, I am buying the ticket, not the taxi driver. If needed, the toll administration can keep a true copy of my identity card to check it on the return journey. I have to pay Rs 30 more everyday thanks to the new rule,\" said Deepika D'souza of India Centre for Human Rights and Law. Recently, she and her mother-in-law had a heated argument with the toll collectors over the issue but failed to convince them.\"The sea link officials are penalizing people for using public transport,\" said Deepika.Hwever, senior transport expert Ashok Datar said, that though the existing rule says the toll has to be charged on the vehicle, the rule can be changed.\"This is a policy matter. If the government wants, it can amend the rule and make it more human-oriented. I think more and more people, vehicles and public transport be encouraged on the link by offering them such discounts like in other countries.\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515296", "title": "Anant scholarship aims at helping meritorious students", "text": "The Anant scholarship aims at helping meritorious students, who come from families with a monthly income less than Rs 5000, to help them continue their higher education. The scholarship disbursement ceremony was held on August 3 at Netaji Indoor Stadium in the presence of eminent guests such as NR Narayana Murthy, chairman, Emeritus-Infosys Technologies Ltd; Sovan Chatterjee, mayor of Kolkata; Prof DP Tripathi, MP Rajya Sabha and Ravindra Chamaria, chairman, Infinity Group. Gokul Agarwalla, management consultant of the US, Md Asif Iqbal, associated with PricewaterhouseCoopers also spoke on this occasion. The guests were felicitated by Nupur Chamaria.The goal of Anant is to assist 1,00,000 students by 2020, leading to a marked development of the nation. Anant opens an account for the students where they send their annual scholarship amount of Rs 6000 in an installment of Rs 500 per month. Anant gives preference to physically-challenged students and provides 50 per cent of the scholarship to girl students. This CSR initiative of the Anant group which began last year, gave out scholarships to over 5000 students from various schools of West Bengal in 2012. Jadavpur and Presidency Alumni Associations, NCE Bengal, Lady Brabourne College and other reputed organisations are the academic partners of Anant. Some of the donors of Anant are Bengal Chambers, Rupa, Srei Foundation, TCI, Srijan, Orion, etc.Saba Afren and Pradyut Kr Gorui, recipients of the Anant scholarship, talked about how Anant is paving their way to a brighter future. The mayor and Tripathi praised the efforts of the Infinity Group. NR Narayana Murthy asked the scholars to keep in mind the efforts of Anant and also to work for the society once they attained success in life. He added, \"Like the Infinity Group, more people should spend money on education.\"Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15521999", "title": "Jeweller stabbed to death", "text": "RAJKOT: A 50-year-old jeweller was stabbed to death in his shop in Devpara area late on Wednesday.Pravin Lodhiya was stabbed five times in his shop 'Annapurna Jewellers'. His son Hiren, who had gone for shopping in the city, saw his father lying in a pool of blood. He also found blood-stained knife near his body.Lodhiya succumbed on way to hospital.Bhaktinagar police station officials and Crime Branch sleuths reached the spot and launched the investigation.Police are investigating on various aspects in this murder case. One of the aspects includes Lodhiya's scuffle with one jeweller over the silver dealing in city.\"As of now, we are scrutinizing Lodhiya's mobile call details to know whom he was in touch with in the last few days,'' police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517530", "title": "Prachi Mishra goes solar!", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514304", "title": "Sushanth\u2019s Adda starts second schedule", "text": "The first schedule of Sushanth-starrer Adda has completed its shooting a few days back in Hyderabad. The second schedule of the film has begun in Ramoji Film City and the unit is filming scenes on Sushanth, Shanvi and other support cast in this schedule.This romantic entertainer is jointly produced by Naga Susheela and Chintalapudi Srinivas. Sai Reddy earlier assisted Puri Jagannath for his films and is finally making his directorial debut.Kanal Kannan is composing the fights while Arun Kumar cranks the camera. Rubens is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510945", "title": "Chavan skips Mumbai violence, Pune blasts in I-Day speech", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who had briefed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress president Sonia Gandhi about Saturday's violence in the city and Pune serial blasts, chose to ignore it in his Independence Day speech on Wednesday. With the law and order in state coming under close scrutiny following the violence and the blasts, Chavan played it safe by focusing on other issues.In Saturday's violence, two persons were killed and 63 injured, including 58 policemen, after a protest rally called to condemn violence against Muslims in Assam and Myanmar turned violent. The mob went on the rampage destroying public and private property and holding south Mumbai to ransom. Chavan had briefed both the prime minister and his party president only on Tuesday and sought Centre's help to find out whether any foreign hand was involved in fomenting trouble.But after unfurling the national flag at Mantralaya, Chavan mainly focused on the drought crisis and spelt out various relief measures taken by the state to mitigate the problem.Chavan said the state was committed to completing last-mile irrigation projects and construction of concrete check dams. He also said both urban and rural pockets might have to brace for drinking water shortage as reservoirs had only 48% live stock at this point. He also asked citizens to join hands in fight against corruption, superstition, casteism and ills like female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15515420", "title": "Karnataka government assures protection and security to northeast people", "text": "BANGALORE: Appealing them not to leave the state, Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar assured the northeast people living in the state of full protection from the government.Meeting northeast people, who had come in large numbers to CM's home office on Thursday, Shettar said not even a single incident of attack on northeast people has taken place in the state. There is no need to panic. What you have heard is rumours. You people have lived here for many years and have become one among us. Leaving state is not good news. We will provide you full protection,\" the chief minister said.Following spreading of text messages that people from northeast would be attacked by a section of the society as retaliation to attack on Muslims in Assam, as many as 6,800 people left Bangalore in 3 special trains on Wednesday night. \"Nearly 1,000 people are expected to leave tonight. We have requested them not to leave Bangalore,\" home minister R Ashoka said. All the trains were given security until Karnataka border on Wednesday night.As a confidence-building measure, the police have been told to deploy good number of their personnel to the areas where northeast people reside in large numbers. \"Patrolling the area will be done. This apart, security will be provided to the properties of those who have already left Bangalore. Police will be holding peace committee meeting involving all the sections of the society,\" Shettar said. Elaborate security arrangement have been made on and after Ramzan, he added.Sending a stern warning, the chief minister said he will not allow Karnataka to be a place for clashes on region, caste, race grounds.Besides Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Assam and Arunachal Pradesh chief ministers, Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde, opposition leaders of both the House of parliament spoke to Shettar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515560", "title": "'Bigg Boss' contestants shoot for religious film", "text": "Sara Khan and Ashmit Patel are busy shooting in Khatu Shyam near Jaipur for Sawaariya Khatushyam ji ki Amargatha. The controversial Jodi from Bigg Boss has just witnessed the positive side and claims that the movie and the location have been special for them. Shakti Kapoor and Mukesh Khanna also play a vital role in the film and various miracles of the pilgrimage site are been the highlight of the film which will lure the audience.Ashmit is quite excited about the film and usually, who grabs headlines for all the wrong reasons claims that Khatu Shyam has brought a positive change in him. \"The film is very close to me and I am enjoying it thoroughly. The place and Khatu Shyam makes me feel so blessed. When I came here I realised there is so much positive. I would love to come back here again,\" says Ashmit.\"I am sure with Khatu Shyamji's positive will bring luck to my film. I am happy to be here,\" adds the actor.\"It's such a great feeling to be here. I have noticed some kind of change in me when I came here. I had heard a lot about this place. Especially, Mukesh Khanna speaks about this place,\" claims Sara Khan.The entire team and people are excited as it's the biggest film ever made on Khatu Shyam and the producer is leaving no stone unturned with big budget to make the film reach to all people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15521421", "title": "Students, teachers' eligibility test qualified teachers stage protest in Bathinda", "text": "BATHINDA: To raise their voice, activists of All India Students Federation on Wednesday staged a protest near sports stadium, Bathinda.The activists were stopped by the police when they were going to the stadium where Independence Day function was going on.The federation leaders claimed that government had promised to provide free education for girls up to MA, but this scheme has not been implemented as yet.The federation leaders- Paramjeet Dhaban, Manju Bala and Sukhjander Maheshwari blamed the government for vacant posts of teachers in colleges and schools. They also said that private schools have increased the fee and seats for admission in different courses in colleges have not been increased.On the other hand, the teachers' eligibility test (TET) qualified teachers were detained by the police when they were moving to the sports stadium where the Independence Day function was going on Wednesday.They observed the Independence Day as black day and raised slogans against the state education minister, Sikander Singh Maluka and Punjab government.The teachers from Mansa, Bathinda, Faridkot, Fazilka, Muktsar and other districts had gathered at Bathinda to stage the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15515667", "title": "Illegal migrants responsible for attacks on northeast people: Nitin Gadkari", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Thursday alleged that illegal migrants living in Assam and other parts of the country are responsible for the attacks on people from the northeast and the recent violence at Mumbai's Azad Maidan.\"The attacks in some parts of the country on people from the northeast is unfortunate... These are being perpetrated by illegal migrants living in the country. There is a foreign hand in this. The Centre should deal firmly with such incidents,\" Gadkari said.Assam is not religious or communal but that of the Indian versus the outsider. Anti-national people are involved in this violence. Similarly, in Mumbai the crowd had waived Pakistani flag and made provocative remarks. They also vandalised the martyrs' memorial,\" Gadkari said.Gadkari said he has directed Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar as well as CMs of other BJP ruled states to ensure that no harm is done to people from the northeast residing in their states. He said Karnataka deputy chief minister R Ashok went to the Bangalore railway station and assured the northeast people that there was no cause for panic and urged them not to leave the state.\"The political parties should not use this issue for vote bank politics,\" Gadkari added.The violence against the people from the northeast and Assam would be discussed at a meeting of BJP chief ministers to be held on Saturday, Gadkari said. BJP also condemned the attack on media and the assault on women police personnel by the demonstrators at Azad Maidan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511109", "title": "'Open up FDI for 8% growth'", "text": "MUMBAI: Michael Steiner, the new German ambassador to India, has exhorted the Indian leadership to take some difficult decisions so that it can take the reforms process further, which could in turn drive the country's economy.Likening the situation in India with the one that prevailed in Germany in late 1990s and early 2000, he told TOI in an interview that it was only when Helmut Kohl , the then chancellor, took some difficult decisions, going against his own party, that the German economy saw growth. \"It's another thing that he lost the elections. This was a time when Germany was being described as the sick man of Europe,\" he said.Steiner said that similarly, the government should take the reforms process forward with the country's benefit in mind. \"It is not about keeping your position. Leadership is about bringing people to somewhere, and not yourself to somewhere,\" he said. Steiner highlighted the opening up of the insurance sector to foreign players beyond 26% and a fast conclusion of the ongoing FTA (free trade agreement) negotiations with EU as some of the measures that would benefit India.Steiner, a career diplomat, feels the two countries are a 'perfect match'. \"India is playing the role of anchor of stability in Asia. Germany is playing a similar role in European Union in terms of the debt crisis. We have many similar features to invite for stronger cooperation,\" he said. One of the areas where the European major is helping India is in vocational training, one of the important features of Germany's economic success.The German ambassador feels that for the Indian economy to maintain at least 8% growth rate, it needs to increase its share of global trade from the current 2% level. \"It's a fact that you are approaching 20% of the world's population and your share in the world trade is only 2%. No way you will achieve 8% growth unless you increase the 2% share. How do you do this? You need to have better investment conditions and openness to the outside world,\" he said. \"We (Germany and India) plan to have a trade of 20 billion euro by the end of this year.\" As against this, he finds it strange that its trade with Italy, a much smaller country with a population of about 60 million, is worth 100 billion euro, he said.On the perennial question of India or China, Steiner said there are people in Germany who \"don't believe in puttying all eggs in the same basket, that is China\". So he thinks India must show that it's open. \"This is not a demographic factor but a democratic factor.\"Steiner feels that if the ongoing FTA negotiations between India and European Union, its largest trading partner, is concluded by this year end, or January next year, it would send a very powerful signal to the world that India is an open country. \"Look at the change in perception (of the investing community) after the Vodafone issue. That needs to change. If it (FTA negotiations) doesn't succeed, we have to wait for the elections in 2014, which would give contrary signals that will be very negative for India,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515525", "title": "Firstlook of Mistake out now", "text": "A lot of youngsters go haywire while they are in college or when they are about to join college. In fact 18-23 is an age when children tend to experiment with drugs, alcohol, sex and other things. While some do indulge in everything just for the sake of it and don't get hooked, for some they just get sucked into the system and they can't come out of it. Whose mistake is it? Is it the fault of of the parents that they aren't strict enough with their children? Is it the fault of the students that they allow themselves to get sucked into the system or is the fault of the society which does nothing to stop all this?Preeti Jhangiani's first Bengali film 'Mistake' which is about all this and more had it's press meet at Jamuna Banquets on Monday where the first look of the film revealed all this, but also asked a few more questions. The film which has been directed by S.K and produced by Pankaj Verma stars Vikram, Malabika Banerjee, Indrani Haldar, Kunal Padhy, Sourav, Dulal Lahiri and Biswajit Chakrabarty other than Preeti.Preeti was present herself along with Vikram, Malabika Banerjee, Sourav and S.K at the press meet of the film whose music has been composed by Indradip Dasgupta and Rupankar among others has sung for the film. One will also get to hear a Rabindra Sangeet 'Aamaro Parano Jaha Chai' sung by Hemanta Mukherjee which has been used very well in the film. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510223", "title": "\u2018Naxalism remains a serious problem\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reiterating the threat perception from Left wing extremists, PM Manmohan Singh on Wednesday said that though the government had achieved success in many areas of internal security, naxalism continued to be \"a serious problem\".Delivering his I-Day speech, Singh pointed out that there had been a reduction in violence in north-eastern states and J&K;, but emphasized on the need for constant vigil.\"The incidents which occurred in Pune in the beginning of this month point to the need for much more work to be done in the area of national security,\" he said. The PM also expressed his concerns over lower Assam violence.Though Singh's remarks on naxalism was not new as he had termed it as one of the gravest internal security challenges on several occasions in the past, the reiteration underscores the statistics \u2014 Maoist violence claimed more lives than combined fatalities in terrorism and north-east insurgency.The Union home ministry's annual report recently revealed that 3,240 people, including civilians and security forces were killed in naxal violence as compared to 1,034 in north-eastern states and 496 in J&K; in the past three years.It also disclosed that even the number of violent incidents carried out by Maoists (7,817) was more than the number of terrorinsurgent attacks reported in north-eastern states (4,258) and J&K; (2,035) together between 2008 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510851", "title": "Medical education minister Gavit fractures hand in road mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's medical education minister Vijaykumar Gavit fractured his arm when the car he was travelling in collided with a pick-up van on the Washim-Akola road.The minister was rushed to the nearby Akola medical college and treated for the fracture. The incident took place on Saturday when Gavit, who is the guardian minister for Washim district, and three others were on their way back after a flag hoisting ceremony.and three others met with an accident on Wednesday. The car in which Gavit was travelling in collided with another vehicle (pick-up van) on the Washim-Akola road on Saturday afternoon. Subsequently the minister was rushed to near by Akola medical college, where he was treated for fracture and discharged from the hospital. The incident happened in Vidarbha region when Gavit who is a guardian minister for Washim district was on his way back after the flag hosting ceremony.\"The minister's right hand has been fractured. Had his driver not been alert, the accident could have turned fatal,\" said an official at Gavit's office. The minister's driver, bodyguard and PA too sustained minor injuries in the mishap, he said, adding that the local police were in the process of registering an offence against the pick-up van driver.\"The minister's right hand has been fractured in the accident,\" an official associated with Gavit's office told TOI. He further stated that beside minister, driver of the car, bodyguard and PA too met with minor injuries in the accident. \"Had the driver of the minster's car not shown alertness, the accident could have turned to be a fatal one,\" the official said, adding, \"The local police were in process of registering an offence against the culprit (driver of the pick-up van).\"Last year, state cooperative minister Harshwardhan Patil and three others, including his wife, were injured after their collided with another vehicle near Medhak village on Baramati-Morgaon road. Patil too had sustained severe injuries on his hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15516079", "title": "Indian defence bases well protected: Army chief Gen Bikram Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Against the backdrop of attack by militants on a Pakistani air force base, Army chief Gen Bikram Singh on Thursday said Indian military installations are \"well protected and defended\".\"We have our procedures in place. All our bases are protected and there are standard operating procedures and our bases are well defended,\" the Army chief told reporters on the sidelines of an event to felicitate Army sports persons.Gen Singh said the armed forces also had the \"means to generate intelligence regarding such threats that may come up to these bases\".Indian armed forces have taken several measures to strengthen their security to protect against such threats in the last few years, he said.A group of terrorists armed with sophisticated weapons and suicide vests on Thursday stormed a key Pakistan Air Force base in Punjab province that is believed to house nuclear weapons, triggering an intense gun battle that left seven attackers and a security personnel dead.Asked to comment on the violence in Assam, Gen Singh said the Army was \"fulfilling its constitutional obligation\" there.Fresh incidents of violence were reported in Assam's Baksa and Kamrup (Rural) districts where unidentified persons set ablaze a car, a bus and a wooden bridge.Baksa, in lower Assam and under the Bodoland Territorial Autonomous District (BTAD), was one of the districts affected in the recent clashes between Bodos and immigrants that has claimed 77 lives so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15520929", "title": "Mehndi competition in MCM college", "text": "CHANDIGARH: MCM DAV College for women , sector 36 Chandigarh ceaselessly endeavors to implement holistic training methodologies for an overall development of its students.In keeping with this the Cosmetology department organized a traditional Mehndi applying contest. The contest was aimed at providing a practical learning application to the students of the department. The Mehndi talent hunt competition received an overwhelming response. The zealous participants etched out awe- inspiring creative designs.Bushara of BCA third year, Shivani of BSC second year and Babita of second year, grabbed first second and third prize, respectively. Principal of the college, Puneet Bedi encouraged the students and the department for putting in efforts to keep this cultural and traditional art form alive.She said, \"It is important for students to make use of such diligent practical learning opportunities to add momentum and edge to their professional aspirations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511351", "title": "Six organs donated in a day in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: It was an Independence Day to remember for Mumbai's medical fraternity. Wednesday turned out to be the best day ever in the 15-year history of cadaver donations in the city when as many as six patients underwent transplants at five hospitals. The city may also end up having its best year so far.After Vilasrao Deshmukh's death on Tuesday, doctors had mourned the lack of donations that could have saved the former chief minister's life. Barely a few hours later, the city witnessed two cadaver organ donations in quick succession, which led to the six transplants on Wednesday.Mumbai has recorded 27 kidney, 10 liver and two lung transplants so far in 2012. Since cadaver donations began in 1997, 2009 saw the highest number of transplants-36 kidney and six liver-according to statistics available with the Zonal Transplantation Coordination Centre (ZTCC). Overall, Mumbai has had 274 kidney, 45 liver and two lung transplants in the 15-year period. However, it still lags way behind Tamil Nadu, which has seen a staggering 784 organ donations since October 2008.Maharashtra also has ZTCCs in Pune and Aurangabad , but they are not as active.The liver and kidneys that were meant to be transferred to Chennai's Global Hospitals to help Deshmukh, who was admitted with complications of liver cancer, subsequently helped three Mumbaikars suffering from end-stage organ failure.TRANSPLANT RECORDThe liver and kidneys of a 49-yearold brain tumour patient, meant for Vilasrao Deshmukh who passed away, were donated to three patientsThe liver went to a 45-year-old man from Goa, while the kidneys were donated to two men in their 30sThe kidneys of a 43-year-old man who died following brain haemorrhage went to a 25-year old woman and a 34-year-old man. One of his lungs was donated to a person whose details were not disclosedLess than 30 organs donated a year in MumbaiThe liver from a 49-year-old claimed by brain tumour at Hinduja Hospital was donated to a person at Jupiter Hospital in Thane ,whilethekidneyswentto patients at Hinduja Hospital and Hiranandani Hospital in Powai , respectively .On Tuesday evening , a 43-year-old man's family decided at BSES Hospital , Andheri (E), to donate his organs after he was declared brain dead following brain haemorrhage . While one of his kidneys went to a patient in the same hospital , another went to a person registered at JaslokHospital .Oneof hislungs was sent for a patient registered withHinduja Hospital .Dr Jatin Kothari of Hinduja Hospital said their patient who received a kidney had been on the wait-list for six years . \"The 30-year-old man had a transplant before , but even that kidney turned dysfunctional . He had been on dialysissince ,\" hesaid .The liver that was supposed to be sent for Deshmukh eventually helped a 45-year-old patient from Goa . Liver transplant surgeon Dr A S Soin said : \"A patient may have to wait anywhere between three and 12 months for a liver . In this case , the patient had been waiting for the past four months . This patient was on the top of our list.\"\"Although 25,000 liver transplants are needed every year , only 800 of these take place in our country ,\" he added .Dr Rajesh Kumar , who conducted two kidney transplants -at Hiranandani Hospital and BSES-said both patients had been on the waiting list for over seven years . \"Oneof them is a 38-year-old man whohadbeen on dialysis for 10 years , while the patient at BSES is a 25-year-old woman whose kidneys failed when shewas 18 ,\" Kumar said .Cadaver donations have usually been low in Mumbai , with less than 30 organs being donated every year . For instance , 20 kidneys and six livers were donated in 2011, while 2010 saw 20 kidney andeightliver donations . ZTCC president Dr Gustad Daver told TOI: \"Emphas on organ transplants has led to an increase in donations . As the momentum grows , more and more donationswillbe recorded .\"ZTCC secretary general Sujata Patwardhan said : \"Once nontransplant retrievalcentres (hospitals that will only retrieve organs but not carry out transplants )comeup ,the number of donationscould goup further .\"'Help save lives'The 49-year-old donor, whose organs saved three lives, was operated upon for brain tumour six months ago. \"On Saturday, he was at home when he collapsed. We rushed him to a hospital, but he became brain dead,\" said a relative . \"The doctors said he was unlikely to come out of his condition but could help save some lives. We then decided to donate his organs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510221", "title": "Maoist threat delays trains", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reiterated in his Independence Day speech that Maoists continue to be a major threat to India's internal security, 25 Maoists had already taken the railways to ransom. On Tuesday night, they threatened to blow up trains on the Howrah-Delhi route. And the railways, at their wits' end, held back the trains and seriously upset their schedules.According to railway sources, about 25 Maoists arrived at Ismailpur station %of Mughalsarai division %at 10.45 pm on Tuesday night and stuck posters and banners carrying a warning %that train movement should be stopped.They planted flags across the tracks and allegedly threatened the station master and railway employees with dire consequences if their diktat was not followed. The railways claimed they did not want to take a chance in a belt that is notorious for Maoist activities. \"Train movement stopped %in both up and down routes considering the safety of %passengers and trains,\" said a spokesperson of East Central Railway.As a result, several trains - including Rajdhanis - arrived late in the capital by several hours. Officials said that while the Sealdah Rajdhani arrived over seven hours behind schedule, the Howrah Rajdhani and the Bhubaneswar Rajdhani arrived over six hours behind schedule.Among the other trains which arrived late were the Howrah-Delhi Express, Neelanchal Express, Howrah Duronto, Kalka Express, Gwalior Mail, Palamu Express, Dhanbad-Ludhiana Express and Haita-Patna Express.Earlier, railways was on tenterhooks after Rail Bhavan and IB received alerts that Maoists might target trains travelling through Gaya. Another letter even talked of \"an impending attack'' on Rail Bhavan.The railway headquarters in New Delhi has received a letter purportedly written by Maoists threatening to blow up Rail Bhavan along with some other vital railway establishments in Delhi, prompting authorities to step up security measures.\"A letter, addressed to chairman railway board, was received a couple of days back,\" a source in the mailway ministry said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15511752", "title": "Your blood group holds clue to heart disease risk", "text": "WASHINGTON: People with A and B blood group are more at risk of heart disease while those having the rarest AB type are the most vulnerable to cardiac ailments compared to blood type O, a new research has found.Harvard University researchers concluded that people with blood group AB were 23% more likely to suffer from heart disease, while Group B blood increased the risk by 11%, and type A by 5%.Scientists found that people with type O blood may benefit from a substance that is thought to assist blood flow and reduce clotting, an American Heart Association statement said. \"While people cannot change their blood type, our findings may help physicians better understand who is at risk for developing heart disease,\" Lead researcher professor Lu Qi, from the Harvard School of Public Health in Boston, said.\"It is good to know your blood type the same way you should know your cholesterol or blood pressure numbers. If you know you're at higher risk, you can reduce the risk by adopting a healthier lifestyle , such as eating right, exercising and not smoking,\" Qi said. The findings, published in the journal 'Arteriosclerosis' , are based on an analysis of two large US health and lifestyle studies which involved 62,073 women from the Nurses' Health Study and 27,428 adults from the Health Professionals.The study compared blood groups and heart disease incidence but did not analyse the complex biological mechanisms involved. There is evidence that type A blood is associated with higher levels of 'bad' type of cholesterol, low density lipoprotein (LDL), which is more likely to fur up the arteries. Scientists said that AB blood group is linked to inflammation, which also plays an important role in artery damage. Experts warn that while blood type O may offer some protection from heart trouble, blood type alone will not compensate for other factors that are linked to cardiovascular disease.The new study involved about 90,000 men and women in two observational health studies that cover more than 20 years. The researchers considered age and other factors like diet, drinking and family history of heart attacks that could contribute to disease. While the study did not examine how blood type may affect heart disease risk, it noted that study has shown some characteristics of different types may be a factor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15510189", "title": "Buffalo gores teen to death at parade", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A buffalo gored a 15-year-old student to death during an Independence Day parade at Abhimanpur village in Odisha's Cuttack district on Wednesday. Three other students, including a girl, suffered minor injuries.After hoisting the flag, students of a local school marched through the village, about 70 km from Bhubaneswar, beating drums and cymbals. A buffalo, possibly disturbed by the din, broke free from its noose and barged into the parade. It charged at students and gored Deepak Das, a class X student, to death, said an eyewitness.\"Deepak was rushed to a nearby hospital where doctors pronounced him dead. Three injured students discharged after first aid,\" said Athagarh DSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15514472", "title": "Road rage on DND flyway", "text": "NOIDA: A man and one of his family members were allegedly assaulted in a case of road rage on the DND flyway here, police said on Thursday.The victim Kaushal alleged that he was stopped and assaulted by some unidentified persons near the DND toll plaza on Wednesday evening, they said.The accused also tried to molest one of the female co-passengers, he alleged.An FIR has been lodged in this regard and CCTV footages of the spot are being examined to identify the accused, police said.\"It was road rage and molestation attempt. We have lodged the FIR and are trying to identify the accused through CCTV footage,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513698", "title": "Kristina Akheeva in Yamla Pagla Deewana 2", "text": "Russian model Kristina Akheeva, who is the face of a popular deodorant commercial has signed her first Bollywood film. The model will make a debut opposite Sunny Deol in the sequel to Yamla Pagla Deewana.A source close to the film confirms, \"We have been auditioning a lot of models. After many auditions and screen tests, we have zeroed in on Kristina Akheeva, she is a popular model and perfectly suits the role.\"Kristina garnered a lot of media attention when she was spotted with actor Shahid Kapoor at a suburban coffee shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510887", "title": "Women's panel takes note of molestation", "text": "MUMBAI: The National Commission for Women (NCW) has taken note of a complaint filed by womens' groups against molestation of female cops during the Azad Maidan rally on Saturday. TOI had reported about traumatized female cops questioning the decision of being sent to rein in a mob of hooligans, when it was known that female protesters rarely turned up for such agitations.\"We were extremely concerned after going through reports of deliberate manhandling and molestation of 8-10 policewomen while on regular bandobast duty. Policewomen, as all women in public administrative functions, are particularly vulnerable to such incidents of gender violence. It is necessary for the NCW to not just investigate this complaint but look into the wider issue of the vulnerabilities of women in public spaces and suggest sensitization in this regard,\" said Teesta Setalvad, secretary of Citizens for Justice and Peace (CJP).\"We would urge that the NCW conducts an investigation and makes public its recommendations in a time-bound manner. Sensitization of the public on their conduct during protests is a must as also the acknowledgement and assertion that such behaviour cannot be condoned,\" Setalvad said.\"It is imperative that such instances are not repeated and do not go unnoticed. That the victims were policewomen does not matter at all,\" said Sandhya Gokhale of the Forum Against Oppression of Women. Other signatories to the complaint are Awaaz-e-Niswaan, Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan, Sabrang, IIWA (Iqra International Women's Alliance), WRAG (Women's Research and Action Group).The CJP also contributed Rs 51,000 to the Commissioner of Police Welfare Fund towards the injuries suffered by policewomen and men on duty during the Azad Maidan rally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "15517943", "title": "Newly married couple end lives by jumping before running train", "text": "BARNALA: A young newly married couple ended lives on Thursday morning by jumping before the running train. Twenty-year-old Jasbir Singh of Sekha village had only six months back tied the nuptial knot with Ramandeep Kaur of Pharwahi village. According to family members both had never complained of any discord between them or with the other family members. The couple's families are perplexed over the incident.Jasbir and Ramandeep committed suicide by jumping before the Bathinda-Ambala passenger train near Sekha railway station on Thursday morning.Jasbir' father Bikkar Singh said, \"Both had left the house early in the morning on the bike saying they are going to Gurdwara (Sikh temple) to pay obeisance but an hour later we came to know that both had jumped before the train. We are failed to understand what prompted them to commit suicide.\" Sekha village sarpanch Virsa Singh said village panchayat never had came through about any problem in the family.Train driver Suresh Kumar said, \"Seeing two persons jumping before the running train, he had applied the brakes but by the time train stopped both had been crushed.\"GRP in-charge Jagjit Singh said, \"As families of both the boy and girl not put forward any complaint or any discord between them, the railway police performed the legal formalities under section 174 of CrPC.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513904", "title": "Cancer patient survives 30 surgeries, clears MCom", "text": "Battling bone cancer for the last 13 years, brave Ankit Brahmbhatt, 25, went against his doctor's advice to sit for his MCom Part II exams in May - a week after a bone cancer surgery, fighting acute pain and with a doctor in tow to the exam centre.Last week, the Mithibai college student scored 77 per cent, much to the surprise of his doctors, and more so, himself.And the courage shown by this Vile Parle resident is nothing but a small footnote in his overall struggle against bone cancer, which has plagued him since he was a 12-year-old. He spent six years after being first diagnosed of cancer in his left leg in 1999 taking chemotherapy, undergoing implants, about 40 surgeries, and facing multiple complications that meant that he was operated upon 30 times only in the last three years.In 2000, Brahmbhatt's first year as a teenager, the cancer was surgically removed from his left leg, and the three bones from knee to ankle - patella, tibia and fibula - were replaced with titanium rods. The rest of his teens were spent under the influence of heavy and exhausting dose of chemotherapy drugs.The complications, however, started spiralling out of control three years ago. The areas around the titanium implant grew septic, and, he says, there was a period when he was more times on an operation table in a month than in his classroom.On May 11, the doctors operated him again to fix a new implant, and suggested a month of strict bed rest.\"Just 10 days before my exams, my doctors told me that they will have to undergo a surgery to save my limb,\" Brahmbhatt told TOI.\"After the surgery, the doctors told me that it will take another month to heal the wound, and had asked me to not get out of bed. They were not in favour of my exerting myself by travelling to the exam centre, but I didn't want to waste my year so I went against their advice,\" he said.\"Every day I used to travel to my centre through cab, accompanied by a doctor and my mother. After finishing my exams, I had to visit my oncologist at Hinduja for check up,\" said Ankit, whose father passed away when he was two years old.\"I was in a severe pain and couldn't even move my leg, but I was happy that I could give my four papers. I never thought I will score so much. I hardly got time to study due to my continuous surgeries and hospital visits,\" he added.\"I used to study while sitting on the hospital bed,\" he said.His doctor for 10 years, Dr Manish Agrawal, Orthopaedic Oncologist of Hinduja Hospital, said, \"He has an very strong will power and it is commendable how he continued to pursue his education despite his condition and surgeries. I have lost count how many times I have operated on him. I am very happy for his achievement.\"Lata.Mishra @timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "15510292", "title": "DMDK's Vijayakanth terms AIADMK rule ineffective", "text": "TRICHY: Stepping up his offensive against ally-turned-foe, DMDK founder-president Vijayakanth has blamed the AIADMK for all the problems facing Tamil Nadu. He alleged that whenever problems of the people were highlighted, the government responded with a knee-jerk reaction and with a sense of highhandedness. The Opposition leader was particularly referring to national dailies against which the ruling party was filing defamation complaints for carrying his speeches.In a speech long on usual platitudes sans the pre-Assembly poll fireworks, Vijayakanth told a public meeting that his party was the only panacea for all societal ills and hence the state would not be saved until his party was voted to office. In a 25-minute speech, the Karuppu MGR devoted all his energy to highlight how the government had erred on all fronts, from handling the quarry scam to the leakage of the TNPSC question papers. Of late, the government had become intolerant of constructive criticism. Mocking at the government's claim that it had created a lot of employment, Vijayakanth asked, \"Is the government ready to come out with a white paper on how many people it has provided employment to?\"The meeting had been primarily organized to honour 248 freedom fighters from all walks of life who contributed to the national movement in their personal ways. About 20 different types of household items, from dhotis to energy foods, torch lights and radios, were personally distributed to people by 'Captain' himself with wife Premalatha standing by his side.The DMDK leader was touring Trichy region including Ariyalur and Perambalur districts during the last couple of days to revive the morale of his partymen and to distribute sops. The firebrand speaker had, however, considerably mellowed down, and his speech had assumed a feeble character devoid of the inimitable sting it once used to have. His speech did not, however, offer any suggestions on making life better, but served as a mere political judgement of the government.When a reporter asked him whom he would align with in the forthcoming parliamentary elections, Vijayakanth dillydallied for an answer. He covered up with a justification for changing political loyalties based on situation, and ultimately left it to the 'Almighty' to decide.He said the chief minister's silence on the TNPSC question paper leak was intriguing and wondered why no minister went to even inspect the quarries which were exploited by granite barons. Vijayakanth said when BJP's Jaswant Singh came to Chennai to seek Jayalalithaa's support for the vice-presidential election, she talked about the importance of the Opposition parties within a democratic set up, but she herself was not adhering to the principles she wanted others to espouse. This showed her hypocrisy, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "rothak", "code": "15515562", "title": "Haryana power boards to reward power theft informers", "text": "ROTHAK: Haryana power utilities, the Uttar Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam(UHBVN) and Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) have decided to re-launch the \"theft informer scheme\", under which a person giving information of theft of electricity and the employees who detect the theft will be rewarded. A spokesman of the Power Utilities informed, \"The informer would begiven 20 per cent of the realized amount of the penalty, i.e, the assessed loss of revenue to the Nigams, excluding compounding amount assessed.Ten per cent of the realized amount would be distributed among the officials involved in detecting theft and realizing the amount of the penalty as incentive\". The incentive includes six per cent to the members of the raiding party, two per cent equally to the sub divisional officer, commercial assistant and lower divisional clerk, one per cent equally to the executive engineer, head clerk and divisional accountant, half per cent to the superintending engineer concerned and half per cent to the chief engineer concerned. \"Thus, 30 per cent of the realized amount of the assessed loss of revenue shall be given to those who help and detect theft of electricity and those who realize penalty under this loss prevention incentive scheme\".He said that an informer may contact the control room by dialing telephone number 01662-221527 or toll free number 18001801011 during working hours. The informer at the time of giving information would also give his secret code word to claim the award.The operator would record secret code word against the information in the register and tell him a unique number of the information to the informer. On detecting the theft, the informer may claim Rs 500 immediately on providing secret code word and unique complaint number and rest of the total 20 per cent of the penalty would be given to him after recovery of the amount.He clarified that the award would be calculated on the recovered amount of the assessed revenue loss to the Nigam due to the theft and not on the compounding amount. The information can also be given through email at dstuhbvn@gmail.com, hookacrook4dhbvn@yahoo.co.in or hookacrook4dhbvn@gmail.com. In case of email, the code word sent along with email shall be recorded in the register.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514150", "title": "Fans' response phenomenal and encouraging: Pankaj Saxena", "text": "That various seasons of English shows are equally getting the required eyeballs on various English General Entertainment channels is known to the TV viewer in India. With the urban viewer now having an easy access to foreign or rather English content on the tube, the shows come with a promise of freshness.BBC Entertainment, with its cutting edge programming mix is just providing the Indian viewer the required entertainment quotient with variegated programming mix. While the much talked about show Sherlock manages to entertain the Indian viewer wanting to delve deeper into detection in a convincing way, a mixed bag of show formats and genres fills the different time bands with more content.In an e-mail interaction, Pankaj Saxena, Head of Programming, BBC Worldwide Channels South Asia, provides an insight into the upcoming attractions in terms of show content and the audience feedback. Excerpts:How are the respective shows doing in terms of viewers' ratings/experience? The review from the fans is phenomenal and very encouraging. The BBC Entertainment's Facebook page houses over 350,000 fans who are very active and engaged with the content on the channel. We actively follow their reviews and respond to their feedback as it's direct consumer contact. They have been very positive to all BBC Entertainment content as it's highly differentiated from other English entertainment channels. From blockbuster series like Sherlock and BBC's blue chip natural history programmes like Frozen Planet , to the ever entertaining Top Gear and The Graham Norton Show , BBC Entertainment's programming is truly unique and exclusive and the audience recognizes that.Do these shows offer a new entertainment format to the Indian telly-viewer with their fresh appeal in terms of content? Indeed they do. Planet Earth Live featured a completely new format of narrating touching wild life stories as they actually unfolded across America, Africa and Asia. Earthflight , slated to air later this year captures life in the skies as has never been thought possible before. Top Gear is a class apart in automobile shows. It's hosted by legendary anchors, it features the best cars and it's filmed in all corners of the globe. But above it all - it celebrates an outlook to life. Look out for our Formula 1 line up in October. Twenty Twelve laughs at the preparations for Olympic Games as only the British can. The competition format in Dancing With The Stars pushes the participants through such a range of skills and emotions that its Indian adaptation is a huge hit too.Is BBC Entertainment in India focusing primarily on viewers in urban cities? BBC Entertainment targets an upscale English speaking audience across India. Currently reaching nearly 20 million homes across India, it's available on key DTH platforms- Tata Sky, Airtel, Reliance and Dish TV which cater to an all India reach and cable homes specifically in 8 key metros.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509662", "title": "Harassed murder witness hangs himself", "text": "BANGALORE: A prime witness in a murder case hanged himself in his Papareddypalya residence in Rajagopalanagar near Peenya on Wednesday morning as he couldn't bear harassment by the murder accused who pressured him not to depose.Construction worker Rajendra Prasad , 35, worked at a site in Jnanabharathi area when a builder, BJP leader and BBMP contractor, Nagaraj, 36, was allegedly hacked to death by a group of men on June 12. Nagaraj's assistant Subbaiah was also stabbed.Prasad was the prime witness. His family said two of the accused, Narayana alias Nani and Viji, had been torturing him not to depose against them in court. The duo had also threatened Prasad's relative, Kalasappa, and demanded Rs 50,000 to get themselves out on bail, the family alleged.Rajendra went to Rajagopalanagar police, who allegedly did not respond to him promptly. Prasad continued to receive phone calls from the accused. \"We're told there was intimidation from the gang and Rajendra could not withstand the pressure,\" a police officer said.In his suicide note, Rajendra said he was intimidated by people who tortured him not to depose against the accused and were demanding money to pay the lawyer to get them bail.Rajendra is survived by his wife and two daughters. His father-in-law is a police constable. Police said they will investigate the allegation that Rajagopalanagar police treating Prasad's apprehensions lightly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15520821", "title": "Court issues warrant against Kanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi court here Thursday issued a non-bailable warrant (NBW) against Haryana's former minister Gopal Goyal Kanda, accused of abetting the suicide of former flight attendant Geetika Sharma.Additional chief metropolitan magistrate Devender Kumar Jangala issued the NBW against Kanda, the victim's employer, and fixed Aug 24 for hearing.The court order came after police submitted that the accused had failed to join the investigation.\"In the present facts and circumstances, to secure the presence of accused Gopal Kanda for the purpose of investigation, issue NBW against him for Aug 24,\" said the court.The court, meanwhile, sent Aruna Chaddha, senior executive in Kanda's group and employee of his now-defunct MDLR Airlines, to judicial custody till Aug 30. She was arrested Aug 8.Geetika, 23, was found hanging from the ceiling of her house in north Delhi's Ashok Vihar on the night of Aug 4-5. She left behind two suicide notes, blaming Kanda and Chaddha.Charges of abetment to suicide and criminal intimidation were slapped on Kanda, whose anticipatory bail plea is pending in the Delhi High Court.Kanda has not appeared before Delhi Police for questioning.Geetika earlier worked as a flight attendant in the MDLR Airlines. After the airlines ceased to function in 2009, she was given a job in another company owned by Kanda.According to Geetika's brother, Gaurav Sharma, his sister was being constantly mentally harassed by Kanda and Chaddha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511005", "title": "Fear, anger stalk Powai campus", "text": "MUMBAI: A section of IIT-Bombay students is agitated with the institute's handling of the incident. In an impromptu meeting held on Tuesday night on the campus, students voiced their displeasure.A team of students plans to meet director Devang Khakhar to discuss the issue. Some fear the institute may cite the incident to bring in more stringent rules on the campus. Students have started collecting e-mail IDs of students from other departments to discuss the issue. on a common platform.They also plan to launch a signature campaign and hold an online debate before meeting the director. Opinions from different sections of students and their concerns will be taken into consideration.Following the incident, girls had tried to put up posters on the campus to create awareness. The posters were allegedly torn by security guards. \"We were told that such posters should not be put up on the hostel premises,\" said a student.The students have reportedly been told they should not engage in disruptive activities, especially in view of the Saturday's convocation function where PM Manmohan Singh is the chief guest.Most students are also upset that they learnt about the incident from the media.Some of the victim's friends claim distorted information was given to the media. \"As against the report given by the cops, the girl was not found lying on the bed, she was found sitting on a couch in the living room,\" said a senior student.\"After such incidents, security officers try to curb our freedom. Many girls prefer to go to their laboratories late in the evening and we are afraid this may be restricted. Moral policing may also rise,\" said another student.Most students who met on Tuesday were from post-graduation courses across departments. The meeting was held on the roof of the Physics department.A professor from the institute said, \"There are no restrictions on students. The only rule followed on the campus is that girls are not allowed to visit boys' hostel after 10pm and vice-versa. Also, there is a section of the campus where leopards prowl at night. Students tend to have parties in this secluded spot, which the institute does not allow.\"Meanwhile, there were rumours on the campus that the victim has left the city for a while. The authorities refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511316", "title": "Mumbai collegian kidnapped and killed by friend", "text": "MUMBAI: A college student was kidnapped and murdered by a family friend on the outskirts of the city on Monday . The killing was premeditated and particularly brutal-\u2014not only was the 20-yearold's head smashed with stones, but he was done away with even before the ransom calls started.The episode is a chilling reminder of the 2007 Adnan Patrawala kidnap and murder and the killing of 12-year old Shree Bhandge, who was kidnapped by an employee and a former staffer of his family's embroidery shop on May 27 this year.Ganesh Shriram was a second year BCom student of Thakur College, Kandivli. His father, Ramchandra, is a contractor in Boisar, where the family lives. To spare Ganesh a tiring commute from home to college, Ramchandra put him up as a paying guest in Mira Road.Kalpesh Saroj, the prime accused, and his parents have been known to Ganesh's family for seven years and are their tenants. Kalpesh, who has a vegetable vending business, owed Rs 1 lakh to Ramchandra and had other debts as well. Not very confident of clearing his debts any time soon because of his low income, Kalpesh hit upon the idea of kidnapping Ganesh for ransom, believing him to be an easy target since they knew each other. Youth clobbered, thrown into creekAccused Killed Family Friend To Avoid Being IdentifiedKalpesh Saroj , to kidnap college student and fami ly f r i e n d G a n e s h Sh r - iram , roped in his friend Ravindra Yadav , who does odd jobs for a living . \"On August 13 , Kalpesh called up Ganesh and asked him to reach Naigaon , saying he wanted to repay the money he had borrowed from his father ,\" said senior inspector Anil Patil of the Kashimira police station . \"An unsuspecting Ganesh went over to the place around noon . Kalpesh and Ravindra then took him to the Naigaon creek , assuring him they were in the midst of arranging the money .\"All of a sudden , Kalpesh and Ravindra attacked Ganesh , bludgeoning his face and head with stones . \"On realizing that he was still alive , the duo pushed him into the creek . This was around 2pm,\" Patil said .An hour later , they phoned Ramchandra , demanding a ransom of Rs 8 lakh , which was brought down to Rs 3 lakh when the father told them he could not afford the sum . After ending the call , Ramchandra informed the Kashimira police . A 15-member police team was formed to search out Ganesh .Meanwhile , the two kept calling Ramchandra about the location where he could hand over the money and kept cancelling the plans at the last minute .They told him to come to Bandra , Andheri and Borivli , finally settling on Jogeshwari . Late on Tuesday , Ramchandra reached Jogeshwari station , at the east of which the two were waiting in an autorickshaw . After Ramchandra gave them the money , the two started to flee. But a police team which had followed Ramchandra caught up with them .In custody , the two initially lied that Ganesh had escaped from captivity . Upon further grilling , they confessed to the crime . Around 1am on Wednesday , the police brought them to the creek , where Ganesh's body was found in bushes on the bank . After a post-mortem , the body was handed over to Ganesh's family .Kalpesh and Ravindra told the police that they killed Ganesh to prevent him from identifying them . The two were produced at a court in Thane\u2014where Naigaon is\u2014and remanded in police custody till August 19. The accused , both in their twenties , do not have a criminal record .A LIFE CUT SHORTGanesh Shriram (20) was a second year BCom student of Thakur College, Kandivli (East) His parents reside in Boisar, where his father, Ramchandra, is a contractor Ganesh was living as a paying guest in the Hatkesh area of Mira Road. His landlord, who wished to remain unnamed, described him as a friendly person and a good student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511201", "title": "Ten forced into bonded labour in Avadi rescued", "text": "CHENNAI: Revenue officials rescued 10 people, including a five-year-old girl, allegedly forced into bonded labour at a private brick kiln in a village near Avadi on Tuesday.A revenue official said Saraswathi, who runs the brick kiln Maruthi Chambers at Morai village near Avadi, had brought the workers from Gingee and Vandavasi in Tiruvannamalai district about a year ago after paying their families 20,000 each. They were detained at the factory and were asked to make at least 1,000 bricks a day.They were promised 400 per 1,000 bricks but were paid only 150 - 240 per week. They were told that the remaining amount would be adjusted against the interest on the money their families had been given.Their plight came to light when one of the labourers approached the volunteers of an NGO, International Justice Mission (IJM), for help.The NGO approached the revenue officials, following which revenue divisional officer M K Shanmugam, tahsildar Raju and other officials inspected the brick kiln on Tuesday.Murugammal, one of the workers, told the officials that her employers didn't allow her to attend the funeral of her 24-year-old daughter who died in January this year. But she managed to escape from the factory and reached her village, only to find that her daughter's body had already been buried.The very next day, the employees of the brick kiln brought her back.Based on the complaint filed by the revenue officials, police have registered a case against Saraswathi, her husband Ethiraj, the factory supervisor and another employee under the Bonded Labour System (Abolition) Act, 1976. The rescued labourers were allowed to go to their villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "yohan", "code": "15514675", "title": "Vijay upset with Gautham Menon?", "text": "Yohan: Athyayam Ondru was launched with much fanfare a few months ago. The movie to be directed by Gautham Menon is to star Ilayathalapthy Vijay. The latest we hear is that the movie may be stalled.  According to rumours doing the rounds, Gautham Menon apparently narrated the script to Vijay recently. It seems the actor was not too happy and felt it was too slick and stylish for him. He was keener on it having a mass connect as that is his identity. It is said that the actor asked Gautham to rework the second half of the script and narrate it to him again.Now, it is being said that once Vijay hears the reworked script he will decide whether he still wants to work in this project or opt out. Considering he already appeared in ads for the film, industry insiders are wondering if Vijay did not hear the script when he signed the film.Gautham and he had met a few years back also to work on a project but nothing happened. We'll have to wait and watch whether Vijay gives the go ahead this time around. All will be revealed by the end of the month say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515804", "title": "Chris Brown and Drake sued for $16m", "text": "Chris Brown and Drake have been slapped with a 16-million-dollar lawsuit for the bottle throwing fracas at a Manhattan nightclub this June.In papers filed at Manhattan Supreme Court, Entertainment Enterprises Ltd. has said that the two stars started mixing up it at the joint clubs Greenhouse and WiP on June 14, and then ordered their crew to follow suit, the New York Post reported.Each man \"shared a grudge against the other arising out of their romantic relationships with the same woman,\" Brown's former girlfriend Rihanna , and when they \"crossed paths,\" they \"began to fight violently with each other,\" the suit has been filed by the company, which owns the trademark to Greenhouse name, but not the club itself, said.It also said that while the club made sure nobody in their camps were armed, \"each arrived with his own small army of bodyguards, 'security' personnel, employees, friends and other members of their entourage, consisting of at least 15 heavily built men trained and/or experienced in hand-to-hand and weapons combat.\"After the pair started fighting, \"each ordered his security personnel, bodyguards, friends and entourage to join the fight, which erupted into a violent brawl on a massive scale.\"The suit seeks to hold the rappers, neither of whom have been charged criminally, responsible for the scuttled deal.The pair \"should have foreseen that their notoriety and celebrity would ensure that their acts had far reaching and devastating effects.\"Defendants' conduct was beyond the bounds of reason,\" and they \"intentionally engaged in violent and incredibly dangerous acts that they knew or should known would cause harm,\" the suit said.It seeks 16 million dollars in damages for the rappers \"gross negligence,\" \"ultrahazardous activity\" and \"intentional illegal acts.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15511783", "title": "Packing a punch: Brain, not brawn, decides the power in your wallop", "text": "London: How powerful your punch is does not depend on the strength of your muscles but the make-up of your brain, says a new study. Researchers from Imperial College London and University College London found that make-up of the brain is the key to determining how much force is generated when somebody punches at close range, the Telegraph reported.The study compared karate black belts trained to punch with physically fit members of the public and found the brain's white matter \u2014 which acts as the connections between brain regions \u2014 correlated directly with punching ability. They concluded the power of a punch is not down to the strength of muscles but the timing, with synchronized movement between the wrist and shoulders essential.While it is not yet certain whether differences in white matter were the cause or effect of successful punching, scientists suspect the brains of those who can punch changed and developed as a result of training . The study used 12 karate black belts with an average of 13.8 years experience, who were fitted with infrared markers on their arms and torso.Their results were then compared with the efforts of 12 control subjects of similar age, who exercised regularly but were not trained in martial arts. Over a short range distance of 5 cm, those who had black belts in karate were found to punch harder. Brain scans on each group revealed the white matter in cells, mainly made up of bundles of fibre that carry signals, were different in structure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515303", "title": "No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahe music launched", "text": "Music launch of Marathi movie, 'No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahe' took place recently at Kolhapur. The film is a Marathi remake of Bollywood blockbuster, 'No Entry' starring Bipasha, Salman and Anil Kapoor.Bharat Jadhav, Ankush Choudhary, Aniket Viswasrao, Sai Tamhankar, producers Premnath Rajagopalan and Nikhil Saini, Music Director Nakash - Sargam and others were spotted at the music launch of the film.The entire cast and crew posed together for the shutterbugs. Sai Tamhankar looked great in greyish dress. It was a great affair. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510197", "title": "Man jumps in front of Metro", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 60-year-old man tried to kill self by jumping before the Tilak Nagar Metro track on Wednesday, cops said.Gurneet Singh Lamba, resident of Usha Park, jumped before the Metro as soon as it arrived. \"But the driver applied the brakes on time and Lamba was saved. \" Lamba was taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital and he has suffered many hand injuries,\" said an official.A case has been registered under Section 174 of Code of Criminal Procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511138", "title": "BMC's final bid to get even with contractors", "text": "MUMBAI: This is the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's final attempt to get even with contractors. For the first time, the civic body has told contractors to prove that they carry out work at such low rates. Normally, cost of projects shoot up after contracts are awarded at ridiculously low bids. For civil work contracts, corporators say cost-escalation isn't possible but work at such low rates will result in shoddy work. But corporators have welcomed the civic chief's viability test move.Pravin Chedda ( Congress) told TOI, \"It's good. It is impossible to carry out work at such low rates. It will only result in shoddy work.\"In the last few years, many scams have been unearthed where bidders either quoted high figures to the civic body's acquiescence or first quoted low figures only to inflate them later.Last August, a probe revealed that a supplier sold the BMC thousands of security waist belts at a price several times higher than what was charged from the Mumbai police. The BMC bought 1,642 multifunctional belts at Rs 10,743 each from the Mumbai-based supplier in September 2009. A few months later, that supplier sold 50,000 belts to the city's police at Rs 1,980 apiece.This year, the civic body's standing committee passed tenders worth Rs 182 crore for 26 items to be given free in civic schools. Many corporators said the BMC is paying at least Rs 16 crore in excess to contractors; and if the retail price of all items is considered, the extra amount may be higher. The civic body, as per tenders, will pay Rs 40 crore for school uniforms for boys from junior kindergarten to Std X. But when corporators checked with city retailers, they found the sch-ool uniforms with similar material could be made for Rs 25 crore.Apart from inflated purchase bills, two factors-outstanding bills and variations in project costs-are the main reasons for most financial mismanagement in the BMC. The modus operandi is simple: The cost of a project is estimated at the beginning of work, but contractors often demand more later, claiming additional work. The local corporator signs the request and passes it to the chief engineer, who prepares a proposal to be put up before the standing committee for approval.In January, TOI had accessed data of projects (2007-2011), which indicated a Rs 1,694-crore or 61% increase in costs in essential projects like roads, storm water drains, bridges, buildings and gardens. In the case of roads, where the original estimate for asphalt and cement concrete roads was Rs 1,966 crore, it saw a variation of 34%. In the case of storm water drains, the variation has been as high as 116%. The worst has been bridges, where the original estimate was Rs 2.16 crore and after variation went up to Rs 146.26 crore-a 6,671% increase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15504514", "title": "I learnt how to offer namaaz: Tusshar Kapoor", "text": "In B-Town, formula is king. If it works, repetition is a sureshot shortcut to success. But, Tusshar Kapoor , fresh off a hit (adult comedy Kyaa Superkool Hain Hum) is happy taking the long way around. He plays quite a different character (a gangster) in Shootout At Wadala.He says, \"I don't have any hangups about breaking images, but I'm okay with whatever the audience likes more. Besides, as an actor, I get to show my versatility. So I'm happy that directors are convinced I'm suitable for intense characters,\" he states. Point out to him that after playing nice guys in comedies, he ventures to the other side playing an outlaw, and he explains, \"Munir Sheikh, the character I play in S hootout At Wadala has grey shades. Unlike Dilip Buwa (his character in Shootout At Lokhandwala ), Munir is more complex as a character. He's a strategist with a sense of humour. The film is set between 1973 to 1983 and the character grows as the story progresses.\"The actor believes that SAW is his most commercial gangster film. \"Most gangster films are very niche; either they are docu-dramas or they're too dark. And, in the garb of making their movie realistic, directors end up making it not as realistic as they wanted to intially,\" he points out. As a Muslim gangster, Tusshar is seen in Pathani suits and had to work on the physical aspects of his character as well. \"Given the period it's set in, I couldn't be lean-and-mean. \"I had to look as tough as possible, so that required me to bulk up. As for the other aspects of the look, I worked on it with (director) Sanjay Gupta. Also, as I'm playing a Muslim guy, I had to learn how to offer namaaz, how certain words are pronounced and so on. The story is complex, and every time I shot after a break, I'd read the entire script again to get into the zone,\" he reveals.And with Eid coming up, he has only best wishes for everyone. As he sums up, \"I wish every one a great Eid and hope to match up to the expectations people have from me. I hope my work in SAW is equally appreciated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510992", "title": "Four in cop net for bail document forgery", "text": "Mumbai: Want a surety documents for bail or want bail documents? Contact Bondu Korde, a racketeer who was instrumental in giving surety for several criminals.The city crime branch have busted a major surety racket with the arrest of a gang of four on Monday.What has baffled the police is the fact that the gang has fooled almost all the metropolitan Magistrate courts in Mumbai. Secondly the police are probing the roles of few judicial clerks and peons of these courts in the racket.Acting on the tip off the crime branch unit 12 led by Milind Khetle on Saturday detained two persons-Chandrkant Kamkar (55) and Gopal Thakur (29) from Dindoshi area. Police had information that Thakur had given surety to a gangster on bogus surety documents.During the course of interrogations duo spill the beans on their boss Bondu Korde (32) and Sanjeev Gupta (22). We arrested all the four accused and recovered huge documents from them.'' said police. Police have seized huge documents like fake ration cards, PAN cards, property documents, Mhada papers, police verification documents and various court's documents and rubber stamps.Police said they were shocked when they stumbled upon rubber stamps of few Metropolitan courts and Dindoshi police staiton's rubber stamps. And the stamps appeared exactly the original. Police said that the modus operandi was that the gang would approach those people who were unable to produce surety documents. If the court has granted him surety of Rs one lakh, the accused would charge same amount of money to provide him fake documents. We are probing the roles of some judicial official in the scam'' said another senior officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15514723", "title": "Class 4 boy drowns in school swimming pool", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 4 student of PSBB School in KK Nagar drowned in the school swimming pool on Thursday. The boy, M Ranjan, 10, of Alwar Thiru Nagar was taking the weekly swimming lessons at 11am. \"Ranjan tried to get out of the pool, but he slipped in. Some of his classmates called out to the coach who pulled him out, but it was too late,\"\" a police officer said. The boy was rushed to Vijaya Health Centre in Vadapalani. The doctors examined Ranjan and declared he was 'brought dead'. Ranjan's body was later sent to the Government Royapettah Hospital for autopsy. Ranjan's father Manoharan is a film director. Ranjan is the younger of his two sons. The school authorities said they have proper lifebuoys and trainers in place. \"The mishap is very unfortunate,\" said a school teacher. KK Nagar police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511185", "title": "Labourer goes into well, dies of suffocation", "text": "CHENNAI: A 38-year-old labourer died after inhaling poisonous gas in a well that he entered for cleaning at Avadi on Wednesday.Police said B Thambi Durai of Yerikarai in Tirumullaivoyal went along with Perumal and Babu to clean a 70-foot well at the house of Natarajan, a technical assistant with a defence establishment, in Kamarajar Nagar.Thambi Durai, who got in after tying himself with a rope, began to suffocate after allegedly inhaling poisonous gas, police said. Before his friends could pull him out he died. Police registered a case and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15509660", "title": "Slain woman's dad held in Gokak killings", "text": "BELGAUM: A day after a couple was murdered for out-of-caste marriage in Kurubaragalli of Gokak, police on Wednesday said they have picked up 50-year-old Jotheppa Bagai, father of the murdered woman, Nethra.Nethra, from a well-to-do Maratha family, and her middle-class Kuruba husband Vittal Kuri were murdered at their Kurubaragalli residence on Tuesday in an alleged case of honour killing. Gokak police arrested two accused - Nethra's elder brother Vittal Bagai and cousin Yamanappa Bagai - within 12 hours. With the arrest of Nethra's father, police claim they have nabbed all the accused involved in the crime.Superintendent of police Sandeep Patil told TOI: \"All the accused will be booked soon. Investigation will be taken forward.\"Relatives, friends and villagers visited both families in large numbers, a shift from Tuesday when the houses wore a deserted look.On the possible trigger for the crime, police said Vittal had visited his parents at Losur a few days ago, upsetting Nethra's family members. They had asked him to quit Kurubaragalli, sources said.District Armed Reserve Police personnel have been deployed to protect both families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509680", "title": "The law will catch up with corrupt people: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: If chief minister Manohar Parrikar is to be believed, citizens of the state may finally gain freedom from 'petty corruption'.Parrikar chose the country's Independence day as the occasion to end his \"period of constraint\", and sent out a warning that those found indulging in corruption directly affecting the common man would be dealt with harshly.\"Petty corruption reduction is not at the expected level,\" said Parrikar while adding \"People are still being harassed.\"\"There will be some people who will be facing the music of the law,\" Parrikar said on the sidelines of the release of the Goa Police newsletter on Independence Day.Parrikar, who had announced a zero tolerance to corruption stance soon after taking oath as chief minister of the state in March this year, said he had maintained \"a period of constraint for people to change.\"\"From today, the period of constraint is over,\" he added.He indicated that the past corruption by officials may be overlooked. \"Old matters is a separate issue,\" said Parrikar. He said that many times, officers are forced to be accomplices in corruption as they have to comply with orders. If they were forced, they will be excused but not if they were conniving, he noted.Parrikar admitted that \"it is humanly not possible to achieve zero corruption.\"\"But if tolerance to corruption is zero, then corruption can come down to a negligible level,\" he said.Parrikar said that \"vision without character\" is meaningless. \"(There is) no point saying no to drugs saying no to prostitution unless you are in a position to execute it.\"Parrikar in his Independence Day speech appealed to the people to support his government in its fight against corruption. He felt negligence of the previous government led to increased corruption while the welfare of people was neglected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15518882", "title": "Delhi government doubles cash reward to Sushil Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Government on Thursday doubled the cash reward for Olympic silver medallist wrestler Sushil Kumar to Rs two crore from earlier announced Rs one crore.The decision to hike the cash award was taken at a cabinet meeting presided by chief minister Sheila Dikshit .\"We have decided to present an award of Rs two crore to Sushil Kumar. He made the whole country proud and the cabinet felt we should enhance the award,\" Dikshit said after the meeting.Kumar, who hails from Delhi, is the first Indian wrestler to strike silver in wrestling competitions at Olympics.Dikshit had announced an award of Rs one crore after he won the silver medal on Sunday in the 66kg freestyle wrestling eventKumar recorded his name in the country's sports history annals by becoming the first ever sportsperson to win back-to- back individual Olympic medals, having won a bronze at the 2008 Beijing Games.Wrestling and shooting provided India two medals each, while women boxing and badminton added one medal each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513480", "title": "Parthepan\u2019s daughter turns assistant director", "text": "Keerthana, Parthepan's daughter, who is often called Sundari fondly by him, has now turned assistant director. If the buzz is to be believed the child actor has made her debut behind the scenes with the Ajith-Vishnuvardhan project.Keerthana, who is pampered by her dad, gave a fantastic performance in Mani Ratnam's Kannathil Muthamittal starring Madhavan and Simran. The young actor has studied music in A R Rahman's music school and has now ventured into direction. Parthepan himself is quite creative - he writes scripts, directs, writes poetry and more. And looks like his daughter has got some of his creative genes.Media reports say that she has joined the unit now which started re-shoot in Mumbai on August 14 and even gave the clap for Ajith's shot. It seems Thala Ajith was very impressed with the young girl and wished her the very best in her new career.As Keerthana starts out on a directorial career we wonder if at any point she'll end up directing her dad in an interesting film. One can never tell!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510106", "title": "Watch out for poles toppling over", "text": "NEW DELHI: Every time you drive down the stretches recently developed for the 2010 Commonwealth Games in east Delhi - including the area near Akshardham, ITO Chungi, Noida Morh and Yamuna Pushta - you are courting danger. After two high-mast streetlight poles fell down near the Geeta Colony clover-leaf flyover due to missing nuts in the base and injured a person critically, TOI has discovered several more such poles that can topple over because of the same reason.A TOI team visited these areas on Wednesday to discover that half of the nuts at the base of several of these 90-foot high poles were missing. One such pole near the Akshardham metro station was even found tilting at a dangerous angle. Frighteningly, neither the land-owning agency, public works department (PWD) of the Delhi government, nor discom BSES has taken any responsibility.The way the base nuts had been removed from many poles between Noida Morh and Geeta Colony flyover showed a pattern. Several poles had three nuts missing on three corners and two nuts from the fourth corner, leaving the base structure of each pole weakened with asymmetric support.\"When these high-mast lights are secured, the base structure is planned in a way that factors in safety with respect to wind load, rain, height of pole, weight of light structure, etc. The number of nuts and their placement is also decided keeping these factors in mind. The removal of a few such nuts may keep the structure upright but it can sway and even fall due to a strong gust of wind as it's highly unstable,\" said a senior engineer of PWD.BSES blamed 'miscreants' for having stolen both electrical fittings and the nuts and bolts, conceding that this \"rendered the poles unstable and unsafe.\" In a statement to TOI, a BSES Yamuna Power Limited (BYPL) official said, \"So far, foundation nuts and bolts of 16 high-mast lights were found missing. In the larger public interest, BYPL has secured the missing nuts and bolts of all these lights. FIRs against such elements have been lodged with the police.\" The discom, however, stressed that the responsibility was that of PWD. Evidently, TOI found an entirely different picture.\"BYPL only supplies electricity and maintains the electrical fixtures and fittings of these high-mast lights on behalf of the concerned land-owning agencies. The poles are owned by the land-owning agency. The public is requested to immediately inform the police on 100 or call BYPL's call centre at 39999808, if they come across suspicious people lurking around electricity infrastructure in their neighborhood,\" said the statement.Times ViewThe PWD and BSES must not be allowed to play passing the parcel on this one. The bottomline is that there is already a victim of their failure to ensure the poles are secure and many more could be at risk if things are not set right immediately. The top levels of the Delhi government must intervene if necessary to fix responsibility for the maintenance of these poles. If the bolts that hold them firm are being stolen, merely lamenting that fact will get us nowhere. A solution must be found. If that means more permanent means of fixing them to the ground, it must be done on a war footing. Meanwhile, responsibility must be fixed for the accident that has taken place and compensation paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "the residents of gokuldham society in taarak mehta ka ooltah chashmah will celebrate this year's eid with a scintillating performance by the famous duo of brothers", "code": "15517890", "title": "Sabri Brothers to perform in Taarak Mehta!", "text": "The residents of Gokuldham society in Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah will celebrate this year's Eid with a scintillating performance by the famous duo of brothers: Aftab Sabri and Hashim Sabri.Known worldwide for their powerful, full throated qawwali that has subtlety in it, the Sabri Brothers are set to enthrall Gokuldham society.Dayaben who plays Disha Vakhani speaks about the celebrations, \"We thoroughly enjoyed the performance by Sabri Brothers. Listening to Sabri Brothers live was a dream come true for all of us. I would also like to take this opportunity to wish everyone a heartfelt Eid Mubarak on behalf of my family as well as the cast and crew of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah .\"Ustad Haji Sayeed Sabri speaks about their appearance on the show, \"On this pious occasion of Eid, we pray that this reel life affection among people extends into real life too. It was a lovely experience meeting all the artists of the show and performing there was a pleasure. We would like to wish all SAB TV viewers Eid Mubarak and hope that they enjoy the performance.\"In the show, Abdul plans to go to his home town to celebrate Eid with his family. While on his way to the railway station, he spots a resident of Gokuldham whose hurt on the road and carries him to the society. Everybody praises Abdul, but in this whole process he ends up missing his train. Abdul is upset and dejected that he won't be able to celebrate Eid with his family. Gokuldham residents, known for their brotherhood and affection for each other, come together and decide to ensure that Abdul does not miss his family on the day of Eid and arrange a performance by Sabri Brothers in order to make Eid special for Abdul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517413", "title": "Balakrishna to play Sri Krishna Devaraya", "text": "Bala Krishna and director K.Raghavendra Rao are planning to team up for a new film that falls under mythological genre. The duo will join hands for a movie based on the life history of the famous King, Sri Krishna Devarayalu. Bala Krishna has played the role Krishna Devarayalu earlier in the movie Aditya 369 and the part has remained as the highlight of the film and now, if this project sets, we get to see Balayya in a full-length role as the King Krishna Devaraya. We have also earlier informed that director Singeetham Srinivasa Rao has decided to make a sequel to Aditya 369 movie titled as Aditya 999 and the pre-production works of this movie are already in progress and now we are yet to see which of these big-budget films will roll its camera first.Source: way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513083", "title": "Ameesha thrown out of the flat she \u2018bought\u2019", "text": "Landlord says she only rented the apartment next to Big B's home, upset with her claims...Amitabh Bachchan had a new neighbour - Ameesha Patel. Well, almost. The actress had earlier gone to town, saying she'd purchased a 4,000 sq ft flat in Harsh Jyot Apartments in Juhu, right next to Bachchan's bungalow Prateeksha.However, we've now learnt she's been categorically told not to move into the premises by the owners, the Valias, who are shocked at the way Ameesha's been telling people she's bought the flat when in reality, she's only taken it on rent.A source in the know told us, \"When the Valias learnt about Ameesha's impudence, they were shocked. How could she lay claims to their property, when they had only rented it out to her?\"Apparently, the Valias don't want to sell their fifth floor flat, which they are reserving for their grandsons, who are presently quite young. Yet, when Ameesha announced she'd bought the flat, others (who believed her), who had earlier evinced interest in buying it from the Valias only to be turned down by them, confronted the Valias saying, \"Seems, you relented to Ameesha since she is an actress while refusing to sell it to us.\"It is learnt Ameesha had paid Rs 5 lakh to the Valias as a token amount and they had allowed her to make the desired renovation. According to the source, she had appointed workers for the job and occupied the flat for three weeks. So, the token amount was taken care of.The source said, \"It was quite embarrassing for the Valias to tell Ameesha to drop the plan but eventually, they did. And Ameesha was heartbroken.\" However, this was much later. The actress and her staff's immediate reaction was to argue with the Valias saying, \"We have done no wrong as such statements are common in the film industry\" which further angered them, precipitating their final decision on the matter.Even then, Ameesha went back to them after a few days, pleading they still consider renting out the flat to her. According to the source, the Valias relented but then, Ameesha hasn't gotten back to them till date.When contacted, the head of the family, Harshad Valia, confirmed the developments. However, Ameesha, despite repeated attempts, refrained from comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511162", "title": "Shake-up over; time for corporation to wake up", "text": "CHENNAI: Grappling with cholera , diarrhoea and negative publicity, the government has been shaking up and shuffling the Chennai Corporation administration in the last few days.Two days after the suspension of a few officials, including health officer P Kuganantham, a couple of senior officers have been brought in to stem the rot. Joint commissioner (works) R Anandakumar has been posted as regional joint commissioner in charge of Chennai (south) in place of V Mohanraj. Brajendra Navnit, former deputy secretary of the department of economic affairs at the Centre, will now be the additional commissioner (works).The shake-up comes in the wake of rumours that the government was considering dissolution of the civic body following widespread complaints of corruption and inefficiency. If that does happen, it could mean a lot more responsibility for these young officers, who are expected to find themselves in sensitive situations.Corporation sources say R Anandakumar being moved as regional joint commissioner should be considered as a promotion. \"He is a very honest and efficient officer, but shy to be in the limelight. Probably such a person is the need of the hour for the civic body,\" said a senior official closely watching the changes. \"There have been so many complaints on roads, drains and solid waste management in the southern parts of the city, and Ananda is adept in handling such matters.\"Anandakumar was posted to the Chennai Corporation in July last, after a brief stint as Erode collector. During his 45-day tenure in the district, the man was in the spotlight for admitting his daughter in a panchayat-run school. Some, however, don't see it as a promotion. \"Though being a regional joint commissioner will let him look at an entire region independently, the post is not considered close to Ripon Buildings, where important policy level changes are made,\" said another officer.The main challenges ahead for Anandakumar is expected to be handling the infrastructure works being undertaken in Alandur, Perungudi and Sholinganallur under the megacity development project. He will also have to handle various problems surrounding the Perungudi dump yard. V Mohanraj, who was earlier holding the charge of regional commissioner, has not yet received his new posting.The transfer could also be to create a senior posting for Brajendra Navnit, who served as the Villupuram district collector in 2006, before he was sent on deputation to the Centre. He is credited with the smooth execution of \"2 acres of land to the poor landless' during the previous DMK regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15509232", "title": "Cheteshwar Pujara sees hope in Test return after a tough 2011", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Expectedly, Cheteshwar Pujara replaced Rahul Dravid in the Test squad for the New Zealand series. For a while now, the Saurashtra middle-order batsman has been touted as the ideal replacement at the No. 3 slot, and though his technique and temperament seem up to scratch, Pujara himself doesn't think he can fill Dravid's big shoes.\"It is impossible to replace Rahul Dravid. He has scored more than 10,000 runs in Tests and has proved himself as a successful cricketer at the highest level. I am yet to prove myself. I have got another opportunity and I am looking forward to it. It feels good when people say that my batting technique is very similar to Dravid but there is no question of replacing him,\" Pujara said.Do such comparisons, then, put undue pressure on him? \"Not at all,\" said Pujara. \"I just stay focused on my game. This time I'm quite confident after my showing in the West Indies, where conditions were very tough. I've worked very hard on my game and also on my fitness in the last few months.\"Pujara's father Arvind said: \"All that Chintu is focused on now is to prove that he is good enough to survive the grind of international cricket, bat on different kinds of pitches, face different attacks and different situations.\"It hasn't been smooth sailing for Pujara in the last few years, mainly due to some career-threatening injuries. He suffered a ligament tear in his right knee while representing Royal Challengers Bangalore in IPL-4 and underwent surgery in London . He was rehabilitating at the NCA in Bangalore when his father underwent bypass surgery. The surgery got complicated because of a clot in the artery. Eventually, ill father and injured son took care of each other while recuperating. Pujara's mother passed away five years ago.\"My mother's death, my father's bypass surgery, my frequent injuries, it has been tough,\" Pujara said. \"The last one year was perhaps the toughest phase because I missed some important series. I'm a very positive person and I always believed that if I keep the faith I will overcome these obstacles.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15521216", "title": "Indian-origin man charged with murder of oil executive in UK", "text": "LONDON: An Indian-origin man, arrested in connection with the sensational killing of an oil executive whose decomposed body was found in a car here, was today charged with murder.Rakesh Bhayani, 40, described as an unemployed man based in Wembley, has been charged with the murder of Carole Waugh.He has also been charged with three counts of conspiracy to commit fraud by withdrawing nearly 280,000 pounds from the account of 50-year-old Waugh.Besides Bhayani, another man arrested, Nicholas Kutner, has also been charged with the murder. Both will appear in custody at the Croydon magistrates court tomorrow, Scotland Yard said today.Kutner, 47, has also been charged with four counts of conspiracy to commit fraud with Bhayani, including falsely representing that he was Chris Waugh (the deceased's brother) and entitled to sell her property, and unlawfully withdrawing funds from the account of the deceased.Carole had been reported missing some weeks ago and later her body was found in a car in a garage in south-west London, and the police said she had been dead for some time.A post-mortem examination found that she died from a stab wound.Carole, who some reports suggested was also an \"escort\", was last seen in central London on May 4.Originally from Durham, Carole worked earlier in the Middle East and lived in the Marylebone area of London.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15511167", "title": "Unhealthy at 65: India has 76% shortfall in government doctors", "text": "After spending around 1% of gross domestic product (GDP) on health in the past five years, the government is proposing an increase in public spending by half a percentage point to make it 1.58% for the coming five years (2012-17) under the 12th Plan.This is what the draft chapter on health in the Plan document says. Health experts and activists are up in arms at this meagre increase because even the Planning Commission's high-level expert group and the steering committee on drafting the Plan had suggested at least 2.5% of GDP as the public health spend.But, what happens with low spending? The Planning Commission's own analysis of the state of the country's healthcare system reveals the rot within.The latest available rural health statistics for 2011 show a shocking shortfall of human resources, be it doctors, nurses or other healthcare personnel . According to the Planning Commission's draft, the country's government-run healthcare system is hamstrung because the number of doctors is short of the target by a jaw-dropping 76%, there are 53% fewer nurses , specialist doctors are short by 88%, radiographers are short by 85% and laboratory technicians are short by 80%.What the shortage of personnel means is that in many states where infrastructure is largely present, the absence of doctors and nurses renders the whole facility meaningless. Thus, Gujarat has only a 5% shortfall of community health centres but only 76 out of 1,220 specialists required are available. In Odisha, there are 377 CHCs although only 327 are required as per norms. But of 1,570 specialists required , only 438 are at work.Health infrastructure poor in statesThe shortfall of medical personnel in several states tells a sorry state of affairs of the health machinery. This is the situation after the Centre spent Rs 33,390 crore, that is 52% of its total NRHM budget, on human resources.The picture is grim on physical infrastructure too, consisting of the gigantic network of health sub-centres (SC), primary health centres (PHC), community health centres (CHC) and district hospitals (DH). There are supposed to be 1,78,267 SCs in the country on the basis of about one per 1,000 population. In reality, there are only 1,48,124 \u2014 about 17% short. Even among the functional ones, more than 40,000 are working out of rented buildings ; buildings for 13,000 sub-centres are still being made. A quarter of them don't have water and a similar proportion has no electricity.The situation is no different as one goes up the ladder. There is an 18% shortfall in PHCs, and an alarming 34% shortfall in CHCs. District hospitals are only 4% short of the target but since all lower centres are short and ill-equipped , the rush to district hospitals causes massive crowding. This is the result after the government spent Rs 17,380 crore or about 27% of its total NRHM budget on setting up infrastructure in the last five years.Even the physical infrastructure available is unevenly spread across the country. In states like Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Odisha, J&K;, Himachal Pradesh and many states in the northeast, there is no shortfall of CHCs. But in states like Assam, Bihar, Karnataka, MP, Maharashtra , UP and Bengal, the shortfall ranges between 33% and 91%. This clearly shows that as much as finances , political will at the state government level is also a key determining factor in the fate of public healthcare.So, by under-investing in key areas like infrastructure and deployment of qualified personnel, the government appears to have constrained the spread of health facilities for all \u2014 and apathy at the state governments' level has further worsened the situation.Times ViewThe figures make it quite clear how abysmally successive governments have performed in putting in place a working public healthcare system. No wonder then that Indians spend more out of their pockets for illnesses than almost any other nation. This is a shame for 65-year-old independent India. More needs to be done to beef up the infrastructure. Much more importantly, the infrastructure that does exist must be adequately staffed. This is what our government must focus on urgently. If we do not provide for this very basic need for our citizens, we would have failed to keep the tryst with destiny that Nehru so eloquently spoke about 65 years ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15514855", "title": "National Common Mobility Card to be launched soon in the state", "text": "JAIPUR: The union ministry of urban development on August 11 launched much awaited national common mobility card (NCMC) for urban transportation. The launch has paved way for the usage of cashless card known as \"More\" in Jaipur metro and city buses run by Jaipur city transport services limited (JCTSL).Though the services at present are available only for Delhi metro and feeder buses but the project is aimed for all the major metros in including Jaipur. \"We will start the card facility with the launch of Jaipur Metro. There is already provision of it in our tender. The NCMC will act as a common card for the Jaipur Metro and city buses\" said Lalit Meghnani, project director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC).JCTSL has already rendered the services of UTI infrastructure technology and Services Ltd, a finance ministry body for NCMC. Once the needed infrastructure will put in place by the company in city buses and parking facilities the data will be handed over to DMRC.Apart from metro and city buses, in Jaipur the cards readers will be installed at JDA run parking lots too. \"We are still in a process to decide the logistic of NCMC. The company that we engaged in is working out on the technical matters. But it is good that in Delhi it has already started. If there any issue that they come across we will get opportunity to work on it beforehand\" said the official of Urban Development and Housing department.More card is designed to be used across the country and can be purchased from Rs. 50 onwards. The central government aims to make card as a single point of transaction for all modes of transportation including auto rickshaws in near future. \"Focus is not only to encourage people to use public transportation but also to make the fare collection system digitized\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15516941", "title": "Vilasrao Deshmukh's death leaves a void in state politics", "text": "PUNE: The state unit of the Congress has suffered a major loss because of the death of union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh . For decades Deshmukh strongly led the state Congress and gave a tough fight against Maratha strongman Sharad Pawar who is trying to weaken the Congress in the state. Deshmukh's death has created a void in state Congress leadership and political observers say that the party will find it difficult to replace the late leader.Deshmukh's friend and cabinet colleague Sushilkumar Shinde will continue his innings at the national politics and is eyeing a bigger role. \"Vilasrao called me when I became the union home minister and was chosen as leader of the house in Lok Sabha. He said that all is going well for me and more success will come my way\" said Shinde while speaking to reporters after paying tribute to Deshmukh. Shinde indicated that he would complete Deshmukh's \"wish\" that Maharashtra leaders in New Delhi should be prepared to take up more responsibilities.Former chief minister Ashok Chavan who joined other leaders to pay tributes to Deshmukh is facing charges in the Adarsh Housing Society scam. During his last days Deshmukh and Chavan had fallout and Chavan had openly accused Deshmukh of \"entangling\" him in Adarsh case. Political pundits say that Congress will not bring Chavan to the driver's seat until he gets a clean chit in the Adarsh scam.\"State minister and former chief minister Narayan Rane is a strong contender for the state Congress leadership. But he is an outsider and Congressmen will not accept him as a leader. Rane is Shiv Sena's product and Congress would not allow him to grow. His style of functioning is disliked by senior leaders\" said one of the Congress ministers in western Maharashtra who requested anonymity.The popularity of Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) president Manikrao Thakre, Ahmednagar leader Balasaheb Thorat and Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil, senior leader Patangrao Kadam is restricted to their own constituencies. These leaders have no mass base beyond their districts, say political observers.\"Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan lacks mass base and he is not interested in state politics. It is likely that he would be back in national politics\" said one of the MPCC members. Sharad Pawar's Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has started preparations for 2014 assembly election with an intention to emerge as the single largest party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15509145", "title": "Dipika Pallikal enters Australian Open pre-quarters", "text": "MUMBAI: India's Dipika Pallikal thrashed local girl Christine Nunn in the first round to reach the pre-quarterfinals of the $50,000 Australian Open Squash Championship, in Canberra , on Wednesday.The 11th seed breezed past Nunn 11-5, 11-2, 11-5 in comfortable fashion. Dipika will next meet sixth-seeded Frenchwoman Camille Serme, who defeated New Zealand's Amanda Landers-Murphy 11-4, 11-7, 11-6. Meanwhile, women's top seed Nicol David of Malaysia struggled before defeating Tesni Evans of Wales 11-3, 8-11, 11-4, 11-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509547", "title": "Auto union asks cops, RTOs to train drivers", "text": "BANGALORE: The Autorickshaw Drivers' Union (ARDU) has demanded that police and transport departments train auto drivers and certify them. If the drivers still continue to indulge in erratic behaviour, they should be penalized, it said.The union on Wednesday organized its triennial conference to discuss economical and social problems faced by autorickshaw drivers.\"Police and transport departments should teach the drivers what permits are, what is expected of public service vehicles and enlighten them on road rules before declaring them eligible to ply autos in the city. If such drivers are still found guilty, police can levy any penalty they deem fit,\" said Meenakshi Sundaram, president of ARDU.About 22,300 drivers are affiliated to the ARDU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511461", "title": "Great pension robbery continues unabated in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: In 2010, the CBI conducted raids in post offices in Chennai and arrested 11 postmen on charges of taking bribes from poor pensioners of the Tamil Nadu government's social security scheme. The situation, it appears , remains the same even now after banking correspondents were appointed to put an end to the corrupt practices. The action then was based on a report published in The Times of India.With the AIADMK government enhancing the social security pension from Rs 500 to Rs 1,000 per month since May last, pensioners allege that postmen extract a 'tip' of up to Rs 50 for each payment they make to beneficiaries. Even the banking correspondents, who the state government engaged a few months ago with the help of banks to deliver pension at the doorsteps, are corrupt, allege pensioners.The banks were roped in to get rid of irregularities that take place when postmen disburse the money. The banking correspondents carry handheld devices with printers and biometric authentication equipment and on confirmation, the pension is disbursed with a receipt.Biometric parameters like thumb impression and images of 4.5 lakh pensioners, of the total 26.4 lakh, have been recorded, and smart cards given.However, D Janakiammal, a widow from Rosalpatti panchayat in Virudhunagar, who received a smart card few months ago,said she was being offered only Rs 950 . \"Initially,the correspondent said the balance sum was meant for service charges for the bank and later he said it was his wage. We kept silent,\" she said. Janakiammal said the receipt given by the correspondent was indeed for Rs 1,000. Her story is no different from that of other pensioners in the village. So far, 3,209 villages in the state are covered by banking correspondents.A Kuppammal, an old-age pensioner from South Poigainallur in Nagapattinam said the postman, who delivers her pension, demands Rs 50 every month, but she could give him only.30. \"Otherwise, he just does not go away.\" She alleged about 50 pensioners in her village did not get the payment last month. \"When we inquired at the taluk office, we found that the payment had been made to the postal department last month. We do not know where the money went,\" she said. V Alagappan of Nanamedu in Cuddalore said nearly 30 pensioners from his village were to get pension from the local postoffice, buton payment of Rs 50. \"I can't imagine my life without this amount as the daily wage is insufficient,\" he said.Social security pension schemes cover old age, disability, widow, destitute/deserted wives, agricultural labourers and single women.Revenue officials warn that action would be severe, including suspension, if complaints are found to be true. \"We have already suspended postmen in the past. Corrupt banking correspondents will face a similar fate,\" a senior revenue official said.The banks are paid Rs 50 to produce each biometric smart card as non-recurring payment and another Rs 30 for each transaction as recurring payment. The state also issued an order recently, bringing private banks, like HDFC , ICICI and Axis Bank, into the scheme to deliver pensions at doorsteps.The Association of Transparency and Anti-Corruption has demanded a probe into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15519772", "title": "Uttar Pradesh to have its own solar power policy", "text": "LUCKNOW: UP will soon have its own solar power policy that will lay down the guidelines for setting up of solar power plants by private parties and other organisations. Further, the UP chief secretary asked all DMs to identify pocket of lands in villages of their districts for setting up of solar power plants.The UP New and Renewable Energy Development Agency (UPNEDA) has been entrusted the task of facilitating the setting up of solar power plants in the villages. UP has proposed to set up solar power plants to achieve 1,000 MW production till 2017.Around five acres of land is required for one MW of solar power project. The state government is planning to utilise the barren tracts of land in the villages.According to officials in UPNEDA, private players will be encouraged to set up solar power plants. The SP government has given thrust to solar power and a solar power policy for 2012-17 will be soon implemented for the first time in the state.Under the solar policy, the thrust will be in the Bundelkhand region for setting up solar power plants.The state government will also give several incentives to private players who will set up solar power plants. According to the proposed solar power policy, generation of solar power will be treated as industry and as such all relevant incentives under industrial policy of the state will be available to solar power plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510051", "title": "Centre sniffs scam in states\u2019 toilet funds", "text": "NEW DELHI: Toilets are raising a stink, with the Centre claiming \"hera pheri\" in states inflating construction figures to claim funds.The report from states claims that 68% of Indian population uses toilets, with each state showing a massive dip in open defecation. But the 2011 Census has reported that merely 32% Indians use toilets, with each state's coverage much below its claims. The Centre sniffs a scam \u2014 it may have been flushing massive funds down the toilets.The \"fudging\" has prompted Centre to move from chasing individual households for toilets to setting targets for gram sabhas. It has even changed the name from Total Sanitation Campaign to Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (NBA).Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh told Rajya Sabha that funds had been misappropriated. \"There is huge difference in figures reported by states and the report by the census on reduction in open defecation. Money has been taken but toilets have not been built. There is a lot of hera-pheri, if I can use that term,\" he said.The gap in the feedback of the Centre and the states is an eye-opener. Andhra Pradesh has reported that 77% of the state is free of open defecation while the census has pegged the figure at 35%. For Bihar, the figures are 18% and 32%, while Chhattisgarh has a huge discrepancy of 14% and 55%. In Gujarat, the census quotes the sanitation figure at 34% while the state has claimed 81% coverage. In fact, Himachal has claimed 100% sanitation while the census found 67% houses covered.Jairam said the country would not be able to achieve its target of being free of open defecation by 2022. In an attempt to reform, the Centre has increased the allocation for a toilet to Rs 10,000 from Rs 3,500, but the subsidy would be paid after a toilet is built. The focus would shift to holding the gram panchayats accountable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515373", "title": "Successful comeback", "text": "For any homemaker, returning to work after a break isn't easy. Purnima Goswami Sharma provides tips on how to make a seamless comebackIt's not uncommon for women to take breaks from their jobs for other important tasks at hand such as pregnancy, child care or other personal reasons. While such breaks are unavoidable in certain circumstances, they often face tough challenges when returning back from hibernation. The work environment changes and it is hard to secure a job and adjust, especially if the absence is a long one.Change of mindset For a homemaker, it is necessary to have a complete change of mindset. \"Returning to the corporate world after taking a break to care for two kids was a scary proposition. However, my husband egged me to start again. It required a lot of mental preparation to come out of that cocoon. Though I was sure that I would put in whatever it took, the initial few months were rather difficult. You have to take the plunge,\" says Devyani Ogale, CEO, Network RGcomm.Be patient Getting back to work after a significant break can seem very daunting. It's not always easy to get a job of your choice but the mantra is to be patient. \"You cannot get a job instantly. One must put in efforts and wait beyond the mentally stipulated time frame,\" advises Kartiki J, manager sales and marketing with a leading media house. It is advisable to pursue a job you are comfortable with; experimenting with a new field takes considerably more time and energy than getting back to a tried and tested formula.Keep networking Networking is important when in search of a job. Spreading the word amongst ex-colleagues/ friends , posting your updated resume on job portals and professional networking sites, and newspapers would help. Today, social networking sites are a great way to build an online presence. Reach out to as many people as you can.Groom yourself Groom yourself - you must come across as an attractive person. Set up a wardrobe depending on your line of work. \"I had disconnected from the outside world for almost four years. Getting back into the groove involved reading up, meeting new people, buying a new phone and a new set of clothes,\" admits Ogale candidly.Update your skills It's common for women to feel that their skills are a little out of date, so try to figure out what you could do to boost your confidence. Try and brush up your skills, be it a short course in computers or something that's relevant to your field. Informs Dr Rakhi Bhandari, a dentist who reassumed her practice after a four-year break says, \"I pursued a diploma in implant dentistry and assisted a senior doctor for a couple of months before starting my decade-old practice again. I subscribed to multiple dental journals to update myself on the latest developments.\"Learn to balance Balancing two worlds and adjusting to a new lifestyle can be a tough task for women returning to work. \"Talk to your kids and explain to them the reasons for you to rejoin. Involve your husband and kids in daily household chores by trying to make it fun. This is a great way to bond with the family,\" says Janet D'Souza, head, Human Resources, Bling Entertainment Solutions Pvt Ltd. Make the necessary arrangements for people you need to look after as this in turn, will give you the much needed peace of mind while going to work. With perseverance, sacrifices and some extra hard work, you can balance both worlds fairly well.Think positive Never ever think you are at a disadvantage because you took a break. If you approach the change in an organised way, success is guaranteed. Be determined and stay positive. \"I looked at the entire situation as a new dynamic opportunity where I needed to be successful. Every roadblock was an opportunity to move it. Failure as not an option,\" recalls Dr Bhandari. Don't let anything come in your way. Your passion for work and determination to succeed is all that you need to bounce back into action!Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15514096", "title": "Kolkata lawyers seek suo motu contempt proceedings against Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: A section of lawyers on Thursday moved the Calcutta high court seeking suo motu contempt proceedings against West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee for her alleged comments against the judiciary on August 14.A division bench, comprising Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice Joymalyo Bagchi, refused to start suo motu proceedings against Banerjee after the matter was mentioned before it.The division bench instead asked the lawyers to move a petition if they wanted to.The bench also observed that they were her personal comments and that the court was not perturbed by such comments.A section of lawyers also moved the court of Justice K J Sengupta who said that he would hear the matter at 2pm.Banerjee had allegedly commented during a function in the state assembly that there were instances when court judgements had been delivered for money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15520905", "title": "Oldest employee unfurled the flag", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The 66th Independence Day was celebrated with traditional fervour with unfurling of the tricolour at Government College of Education, sector 20. As per the tradition of the college, the oldest serving employees in order, Sham Lal unfurled the flag.The education sector is presently witnessing a new wave of changes aimed at increasing quality and creativity in education. The teaching community needs to make tireless efforts in this direction so that children of our nation are providing the best education possible adds Batra. The function was largely attended by the students, faculty, office and administrative staff of the college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511146", "title": "It's war of nerves at Kathipara junction", "text": "CHENNAI: More than a thousand vehicles pass by the traffic intersection in front of Olympia Park near Kathipara, but the traffic signal here doesn't work. The intersection, which has roads converging from Guindy, Kathipara, Ashok Pillar SIDCO Estate, has become nightmare for motorists especially since the ongoing metro rail construction obstructs the view of vehicles coming from other roads.With the signal not working, drivers try to outsmart one another to get across the road, posing accident risk. Avoidable mishaps and traffic snarls are the order of the day here, with no regulation in place. L Malai, the lone policeman on the stretch looks helpless. \"I work here in two shifts from 10 am to 2 pm and 6pm to 10 pm. There is generally heavy rush in the morning and evening. The traffic signal is not working due to metro construction,\" he says.To add to the traffic woes, the MTC bus and share auto drivers going towards Ashok Pillar, instead of taking a U-turn from below the flyover, force their way through the incoming traffic from airport, causing chaos all around. \"As there is no traffic signal, we have to push our vehicles in the way of incoming traffic and force them to stop. It is only after that we can turn towards Ekatutthangal from Guindy side,\" said Joseph, a share-auto driver.Pedestrians also have a tough time. Bharat Kumar, an executive at Verizon, said he had to wait for 20 minutes to cross the road. \"I have prayer on my lips while crossing the road. How much can a policeman regulate traffic? IIt is so dangerous to cross and frustrating to wait.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15511435", "title": "HUDA fails to pay power bills of Basai plant, Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam fumes", "text": "GURGAON: Officials of the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitran Nigam (DHBVN) are upset with the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) for not paying power bills of over Rs 1 crore of the Basai water treatment plant.DHBVN sources said that HUDA had been given repeated reminders about the pending payment but to no avail. However, when asked, a HUDA official said, \"The bills would be paid within this month. There were some issues which have now been sorted out.\"The non-payment of power bill would not result in power disconnection by the DHBVN but the officials claimed that on-time payment is a must.\"The money would ultimately go to the state government exchequer but each department should keep account clear,\" said a DHBVN official.There are no details of the time duration of the power bill default but sources claimed it could be more than six months at least. t", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15504622", "title": "Samantha noses her way back", "text": "After disappearing for more than two months, actress Samantha is back on the sets in Hyderabad. She is currently shooting for Nandini Reddy's film which has Siddharth in the lead. The moment the actress got back to work, the rumour mills have started working overtime. Reports are rife that Nandini Reddy had asked the actress to do a trial shoot, in order to test if her look had changed 'remarkably' in the last three months!When asked if the news was true, producer Bellamkonda Suresh was furious over the 'trial shoot' reports. \"Can you please explain what a trial shoot means?\" he fumed. \"Samantha is fine and she is looking good. She already started shooting for my film and in a couple of days, she will start to work on Yeto Vellipoyindi Manasu and Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu. She will hold a press conference shortly to clarify everything,\" he said. And it seems like this is a much-needed exercise that the actress will have to take upon herself since her long absence from Tollywood has given rise to rumours about her health, ranging from a peculiar skin allergy to a nose job gone wrong.Whatever may be the reasons for the actress' long absence, producer Dil Raju is now a relieved man as Samantha has given him fresh dates for the much-awaited Venkatesh-Mahesh Babu starrer Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu that was supposed to be released in October for Dasara. Speaking to Hyderabad Times, Dil Raju said, \"She is now completely fit and ready to work. She is a very conscientious worker, but we had to coax her to come back as she was feeling very bad about the delay that has happened on account of her. We had to tell her that it's okay and that once she is on the sets, everything will go smoothly.\" Sam's PR also confirmed that the actress is now keen on completing her pending films as early as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15509207", "title": "Restrict relief work to 90 days: Centre", "text": "JAIPUR: The union ministry of finance has rejected the state government's proposal to extend relief activities in the state beyond 90 days. The state has requested the central government to allow them to carry on relief work in drought-prone areas beyond the stipulated time limit.In January, the disaster management division had revised the norms of relief measures in calamities. As per the new provisions, state executive committee (SEC) headed by chief secretary will make assessment of the relief needed. On the recommendation of the central team, the relief activities will be initially initiated for the period of 30 days. However, this period may be extended to 60 days, and up to 90 days in cases of severe drought.The relief activities in the state go on for months and in some cases even extend up to an year. But with new clause all the relief work will have to be restricted to just 90 days.\"The state government has requested the central government to put Rajasthan as an exception. In our case the droughts are perennial and relief has to be provided round the year in some areas\" said the state government official.But the finance ministry rejected the request on the financial grounds. \"We forwarded the Rajasthan request to ministry of finance. But it seems they are not in a mood to make an exception. However we will again place the proposal before them\" said the official of disaster management division, ministry of home affairs.State government wants the enforcement of early practice where the SEC had the power to decide on nature and period of relief work. \"We haven't received any such communication so far. But if it is true we will take the appropriate steps. Rajasthan is a drought prone state where relief work can not be caped in particular time limit\" added the official.EomJaipur: In a major embarrassment to the state government the union ministry of finance has rejected the government proposal of extending relief activities in the state beyond 90 days. The state has requested the central government to allow them for carrying relief work in drought prone areas beyond the specified limit.In January, the disaster management division under ministry of home affairs revised the norms of relief measures in calamities. As per the new provisions state executive committee (SEC) headed by chief secretary will make the assessment of relief needed. On the recommendation of the central team the relief activities will be initially initiated for the period of 30 days. However, this period may be extended to 60 days, and upto 90 days in cases of severe drought.The relief activities in the state carries on for months and in some cases even extend upto an year. But with new clause all the relief work will have to be restricted to just 90 days.\"The state government has requested the central government to put Rajasthan as an exception. In our case the droughts are perennial and relief has to be provided round the year in some areas\" said the state government official.But the finance ministry rejected the request on the financial grounds. \"We forwarded the Rajasthan request to ministry of finance. But it seems they are not in a mood to make an exception. However we will again place the proposal before them\" said the official of disaster management division, ministry of home affairs.State government wants the enforcement of early practice where the SEC had the power to decide on nature and period of relief work. \"We haven't received any such communication so far. But if it is true we will take the appropriate steps. Rajasthan is a drought prone state where relief work can not be caped in particular time limit\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510095", "title": "GPS: Auto unions stall issuing of new permits", "text": "NEW DELHI: It took the transport department over six months to start the process of issuing new autorickshaw permits. Yet days after the department took out a public notice declaring 10,000 new three-wheeler scooter rickshaw ( TSR) permits would become available from next month, the auto unions seem bent on stalling the process. Their demand: the mandatory GPS-based fare meters not be made part of the permit conditions till a welfare board is set up for auto drivers.Kishan Verma, part of All Delhi Auto Taxi Union, said, \"The condition for mandatory GPS will not be accepted by our union till the government agrees to set up a welfare board in a time-bound manner. We have made this demand before and will stick to it.\"Like Verma, other auto union leaders have also refused to go along with the government's proposal for a GPS-based fare meter. The insistence on the welfare board has predictably thrown the transport department into confusion. A senior department official said, \"The auto unions have been pushing for issuance of new permits for months. It was decided in the beginning that new permits would only be issued with GPS fare meters. Setting conditions now will only delay the process,\" said the official.Incidentally, this is not the first time that the auto unions have refused to accept the condition of GPS. Earlier last year when the department had declared that existing autos would have to install GPS, the unions had gone on strike. At that time, the government had said auto drivers would be given a subsidy to install GPS, while new permits would be issued on TSRs that come bundled with the device.The unions' refusal to install the GPS devices is expected to further delay the issuance of new permits. Sources said the public notice calls for issuing of permits 30 days after the notice was put out. \"As it is, GPS installation in existing TSRs is stuck. There is no way new permits will be issued without GPS being fitted in the vehicle.\" That's not the only permit condition that the department says will be followed closely. Other permit conditions, such as not allowing drivers to refuse to go anywhere, displaying of uniform and copy of the permit with photograph in the vehicle and going by the meter, will also be enforced, said officials. All that remains to be seen.Times ViewThe autorickshaws of Delhi have been holding the city to ransom all these years and the government has done very little to stop their harassment of commuters.They have stalled all reforms and refused to be disciplined.By overcharging,misbehaving and refusing to take passengers,they have reduced a useful mode of public transport to a nightmare.Their opposition to installing GPS is well-known.The government should not give in to their blackmail and buckle under pressure as it has done on many earlier occasions.Their welfare should definitely be ensured but installing a GPS system has got nothing to do with it.For once,the government must think about the commuters welfare and stick to its stand.It should also ensure that all other reforms are enforced if it is serious about making public transport attractive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15510103", "title": "Festivities mark Independence Day across western Tamil Nadu", "text": "COIMBATORE: The Independence Day was celebrated with pomp and fervour across the region.District collectors hoisted the national flag in Coimbatore, Salem, Erode and Tirupur. In Coimbatore, district collector M Karunagaran unfurled the national flag at VOC Park grounds here. Residents from across the city gathered in large number to attend the ceremony and the festivities that followed.Over 1,411 students from schools and colleges performed cultural programmes including yoga and acrobatics. Freedom fighters and family members of deceased freedom fighters were honoured on the occasion. Ex-servicemen, employees of social welfare office, rural development department and police officials were also honoured for their services. The district collector disbursed welfare handouts including education loans and sewing machines worth Rs18.45 crore to 698 people on the occasion.At the Coimbatore corporation, deputy mayor, Leelavathi Unni, unfurled the national flag and officials distributed sweets. Sweets were distributed in Congress offices after the flag hoisting ceremony. Sivanagar residential welfare association in Edayarpalayam planted saplings.In Tirupur, district collector M Mathivanan distributed welfare measures worth Rs3.88 crore to 520 people. Nearly 320 students from various schools performed at the celebrations. In Salem, collector K Maharapushanam hoisted the national flag at the Mahatma Gandhi Sports Stadium. Freedom fighters, best teachers and doctors, policemen and students who topped the board examinations were honoured and welfare assistance disbursed among the beneficiaries. In Erode, collector V K Shanmugham took the guard of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509383", "title": "Delhi Police team draws blank in Iran", "text": "NEW DELHI: Investigations in the Israeli diplomat attack case seem to have hit a roadblock with the Tehran police informing Delhi Police's Special Cell that they \"have no information on the whereabouts of four Iranian nationals sought by Delhi cops\". Highly placed sources said when the team shared details of the suspects' passports and their addresses with their Tehran counterparts, officials told them that \"the passports may be fake\". Police sources added that \"no fruitful information could be gathered from Tehran during the team's three-day visit\".The two-member team, comprising DCP (Special Cell) Sanjeev Yadav and inspector Hriday Bhushan, had handed over the letter rogatory seeking information about the suspects' whereabouts, occupation and organizations to the Tehran police. \"Authorities in Tehran told them that they will look into the matter and share whatever information they find. But they haven't set a deadline for provided inputs,\" said a top official.With the Delhi Police team returning empty handed, investigations may be stalled for months. The visit was technically an evidence collection exercise to find out details about the four suspects - Houshang Afshar Irani, Mohammad Reza Abolghasemi, Seyed Ali Mahdiansadr and Sedaghatzadeh Masoud.The officers carried several documents including copies of the suspects' passports and their call details.Delhi Police has already filed a chargesheet in the case against Indian journalist Syed Mohammad Ahmad Kazmi and named four other suspects. Kazmi had allegedly conspired with them to carry out the attack on February 13. With not much information in hand about the four suspects, it will take some time for cops to file a supplementary chargesheet.Investigations had revealed that the February blasts in Bangkok and Delhi were linked and the same module of Iranians could be involved in the attacks. Cops had taken the fingerprints from the scooty used by the main bomber Irani to recce the embassy area and the bike used by him to plant the bomb on the diplomat's car.The scooty was bought by Irani in 2011 from a auto-dealer in second hand vehicles market in Karol Bagh for Rs 10,000, using his passport. The passport details of Irani (I17287444/ issued 9/1/10), Mahdiansadr (J14922614/ issued on 25/12/08) and Abolghasemi (F14772374/ issued 2/12/08) have been given to Iran so that their identities are traceable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15521505", "title": "Custody of Saturday's 23 riot-accused to end on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: The police custody of 23 persons, arrested for their involvement in last Saturday's riots in the city, will end on Sunday.The accused will be produced before a holiday court. Last week while opposing the custody sought by the crime branch, the defence lawyer Wahab Khan had told the court that the arrested accused were innocent.He further claimed that they were only present at the spot to pick up their vehicles which were parked there.However the crime branch had argued the custodial interrogation of the accused was necessary to find out if the attack was pre-planned.The prosecution also told the court that it wanted to identify others involved.The accused were charged with attempt to murder, rioting, molestation and destruction of properties.Police officials later said around five-six of them may be innocent and will be released.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509593", "title": "Chaos unfolds at Bangalore railway station", "text": "BANGALORE: Hundreds of people from the Northeast flocked to the City railway station on Wednesday to catch the two trains to Guwahait. One was a special train organized to cope with the rush.However, not all passengers on Platform no 4 were doing so out of panic following rumours of attacks on north-easterners. Most of the people heading home were workers in restaurants, beauty parlours and hotels. There was a fair number of policemen around to send a message of reassurance.\"Yes, I heard of the rumors doing the rounds but I never took them seriously,\" said Tapas B who works for a software company. He was heading home to Guwahati for a vacation.Mukund Tamang, who works for a Chinese restaurant, said, \"A few locals barged into my house last week and asked me to go back home. They warned me that if I didn't, I would face severe consequences.\" He's from Darjeeling, West Bengal and said though he's not from the Northeast, he was mistaken to be from that part of the country.Some others had been threatened or heard rumors about violence against Northeasterners. \"My friends were threatened that no Northeast person would be spared. I decided to leave the city till the situation is back to normal,\" said Mahesh, who worked for a parlor before quitting on Monday. \"I came here dreaming of making a fortune. I'm sad that I'll have to return dejected,\" he said.\"I was scared to even go out of the house after I received messages that advised us to stay indoors. However, I feel safe amid so many people who are returning home,\" said Monica Sharma, a native of Dibrugarh, Assam. She worked in a beauty parlor till last weekend. \"Though I have been staying in the city for more than five years I've never felt unsafe before. Now, I can't wait to get back home,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513920", "title": "I'm not sure about marriage, says Mila Kunis", "text": "Mila Kunis has admitted that she is not keen on tying the knot in the near future.The 29-year-old actress has also revealed that the most important thing about a relationship is the bond between two people.\"I would love to find 'The One' but I'm not sure about marriage. I see no need,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling 'more!' magazine.\"I'll be with somebody because I want to, not because a piece of paper tells me I have to. That said, if the love of my life thinks it's important, then fine, I'll get married,\" she said.The actress insisted that although she would be happy to marry if her partner was keen, she doesn't see the point in making \"sacrifices\" for a significant other and has met far too many men with commitment issues.\"You have to may compromises, but I don't believe you have to make sacrifices for love,\" the actress said.\"I've met plenty of guys with Peter Pan syndrome, where they don't want to grow up,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511140", "title": "Haleem: A Mughal invasion Chennai loves", "text": "CHENNAI: A warm, rich paste of golden brown hue, made of a mixture of mashed tender mutton, pounded wheat and lentils, simmered and stirred for six hours with more than 20 aromatic herbs and spices. Did that sentence take your breath away? Well, haleem can be quite breathtaking.Chennai has opened its dining room doors to haleem, the Arabian delicacy that took the Hyderabad-route to this part of the country. Several shops in Triplicane, Besant Nagar and Egmore sell the dish to a growing number of aficionados who range from fasting Muslims to foodies in the city.Essentialy a red meat preparation, haleem is nourishing and multi-textured with a lasting tang of black cardamom. The mashed mutton and wheat are mixed in the ratio of 1: 4 and slowly cooked along with Hyderabadi potli ka masala, garam masala, black cardamom powder, ghee and butter. The Hyderabadi potli ka masala, an essential ingredient in haleem is a mix of a wide array of spices from sandalwood powder to rose petals, cloves and mace, which are tied together in a muslin cloth and added to the preparation.The liberal dash of garam masala, ghee and butter further enhances the flavour . It is garnished with crisp, deep-fried onions, dry fruits such as cashew nuts and almonds, lemon slices and chopped coriander. It is best sampled with plain rice, roti or naan. Warning: It's very high in calories, which may be apt for those fasting through the day during the holy month.Mohammad Tanveer of Haleem Express near Badi Masjid in Triplicane, sells four cauldrons of 25kg each daily during Ramzan. \"Customers flock to have haleem after the fast and we see sales picking up till midnight.\" Along with wheat, he also adds rice powder and rose petals to enhance the flavour. \"We also make chicken haleem, which is as good as the mutton ones,\" he says.\"We get customers not only during Ramzan, but throughout the year.\" says, Zunaid Ahmad of Trianna Restaurant, Gopalapuram. Sushant, the chef at Trianna, says \"We start preparing haleem at 9am. The preparation is painstaking and we finish only at 3pm.The exact recipe is a secret and all the chefs tweak the spices to create their own special variant.\"While a litre of haleem is priced at Rs 330, the 130 and 200 ml bowls come with a price tag of Rs 100 and Rs 150. \"It is simply delicious and I try having it every single day during Ramzan,\" says Sharad, one of the regulars savouring haleem at Fisherman's Fare, Egmore.Originally brought to the country from Arabia by the Mughals, haleem is well established as a culinary specialty of Hyderabad. In 2010, Hyderabadi haleem made the cut as the first non-vegetarian food to receive the Geographical Indication (GI) status. The Chennai variant is a tad different and has been moulded more in the regional flavours. What unites all good varieties of haleem is the taste that lingers for a long time after the meal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15509952", "title": "Mumbai rioters snatched rifles, fired in the air", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigating team (SIT) probing Saturday's violence in Mumbai has found from video footages that a section of protesters snatched self-loading rifles (SLRs) from the policemen and started firing in the air.One of the footages shows a man, in his thirties, walking around with the SLR. He wore a kurta-pyjama, sported a beard and wore a skull cap. His identity is yet to be established. \"There are other videos where the protesters are seen snatching the rifles from the police and firing in the air,\" a senior crime branch officer said.Police had to resort to firing to control the mob that went on the rampage. Two persons were killed and 63 injured, including 58 policemen, in the violence. Autopsy reports of the two dead have confirmed that they died from bullet injuries, but it is not known whether they died in the police firing or stray bullets from the snatched rifles hit them. Police also suspect that private firearms were used during the violence.Two SLRs, 150 rounds of ammunition and a service pistol of a police inspector were snatched by the mob. The police have been able to recover two SLRs and 29 rounds of ammunition but the rest are still missing.On Wednesday, the SIT detained three more people from Dongri to probe their involvement in Saturday's rioting. The police are also focusing on identifying two youths who desecrated the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial near Azad Maidan. \"We have activated all informants and are hoping to get a lead soon,\" a source said. The police have sent the suspects' photographs to all police stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509352", "title": "Police 'ashamed' of implicating Israeli national in drug case", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa police is \"ashamed\" that its personnel falsely implicated Israeli national David Driham alias Dudu in a drug case.A statement titled 'Goa Police Is Ashamed Of', which features in the Wednesday-released Goa Police Newsletter, states: 'Such misconducts of police officers affect the overall professional credibility of the force and undermines (sic) the constant good work. Every member of Goa Police should take pledge (sic) to maintain highest standards of integrity and professionalism.'The 11-page newsletter was released by chief minister Manohar Parrikar at the Independence Day function held at the Officers Institute, Altinho, Panaji. This is the newsletter's first issue after its revival. It also talks about a \"crusade\" against drugs.PSI Sunil Gudlar and constables Mahadev Naik, Mahableshwar Sawant, Sameer Varkhandkar, Eaurmia Guraye and Nagesh Parsekar were arrested by the CBI, which is investigating the police-drug mafia nexus, for allegedly framing Dudu in a drug case.They were arrested under IPC Section 120 (B) (conspiracy) read with 20 (b), 21 (b) and 21 (c) of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substance (NDPS) Act.Gudlar was first arrested in October 2011 and was booked for violations under the NDPS Act. His arrest exposed the police-drug mafia nexus. He was caught in a sting operation allegedly selling drugs and demanding a bribe from the sister and girlfriend of Dudu, and threatening to plant charas on a person if he failed to pay up.Israeli national Yaniv Benaim alias Atala had also been arrested in another police-drug mafia nexus case.The Goa assembly recently debated the issue of the police-drug mafia nexus and a house committee was set up under the chairmanship of Nuvem MLA and former tourism minister Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco. The committee has held two meetings so far and has sought information from the chief secretary and director general of police on the possible nexus of officials of the crime branch and also the alleged involvement of the former home minister's son, Roy Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15511507", "title": "Solar energy to be used for irrigation", "text": "DHARWAD: The state government has launched a plan to boost the lift irrigation projects in the state wherein it will install solar panels on irrigation canals to generate power. In the first phase, this project would be implemented in Yadgir, Raichur and Bijapur districts and then extended to other districts.The Karnataka government took the initiative inspired by the success of a similar project implementation in Gujarat where the villages are getting uninterrupted power supply.Water resources minister Bommai told ToI on Wednesday that the decision was taken after a team of experts recently visited Gujarat and recommended the project. The government has given the work to a private firm which would be installing solar panel on the canals and will also take care of their maintenance. \"The rural areas do not get adequate power supply and as a result were unable to lift water. By installing these solar panels, each village would be able to generate 5 mw of power that is sufficient for household and agriculture activities,\" he said.Meet on Kalasa BanduriReferring to the Kalasa Banduri project, Bommai said, a meeting of the legal cell dealing with the Kalasa Banduri project will be convened on August 18 in New Delhi. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar will chair the meeting and the resolutions passed at the meeting would be proposed to the Union government.The work will begin at the site from September 6, he said, adding that the government had accepted the recommendations of Dr Paramashiva Committee which conducted a study on Bennihalla that flows into Dharwad and Gadag districts.Encroachmenr driveThe government will soon launch de-siltation and encroachment clearance drive. The work is expected to be over before December, Bommai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "sirsa/new delhi", "code": "15514556", "title": "Geetika suicide case: Fresh raids at Kanda's residence, ex-minister yet to be traced", "text": "SIRSA/NEW DELHI: Delhi Police conducted fresh raids at the residence of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda, who is accused of abetting the suicide of former flight attendant Geetika Sharma, even as he evaded police for another day.Investigators went to Kanda's residence in Sirsa late on Wednesday night and conducted raids but the former minister could not be traced.They picked up one of Kanda's relatives for questioning, sources said.Investigators have conducted searches and raids in around 50 places and questioned over 25 people but they were unable to trace Kanda, the owner of erstwhile MDLR Airline where 23-year-old Geetika was working.Kanda was served with a notice to join investigations last Wednesday but the former minister had gone underground with police declaring him an \"absconder\" while his employee Aruna Chaddha was arrested.Kanda and Chaddha were named in the suicide note of Geetika, who took her life on August five, alleging that they had harassed her and ruined her life. Both Kanda and Chaddha denied the allegations.The former minister had moved a local court and then Delhi high court seeking anticipatory bail. While local court denied it, the high court has reserved the order.Police have told the high court that they \"already have enough evidence\" against Kanda and required his custodial interrogation for a deeper probe.Kanda's lawyer has argued that prima facie, no case is made out against his client on the basis of the FIR and the suicide note. \"The suicide note cannot be treated as the gospel truth and the same has to be proved by independent evidence,\" he had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509456", "title": "After Ramdev stir, cash crunch hits Durand Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: After the Ambedkar Stadium, venue of the Durand Cup, suffered extensive damage due to Baba Ramdev episode on Monday, the second oldest football tournament in the world took another big blow when one of its main sponsors backed out.The sponsor cited 'over-spending' in the recently held five-match ODI cricket series between India and Sri Lanka as the reason.According to sources, the sponsor promised Rs 35.5 lakh in writing but backed out last week leaving the organizers stunned. The organizers have tried getting a new sponsor, but with no result. \"We tried approaching other sponsors but none of them have shown any interest so far. The sponsor had given written confirmation, but they told the organisers at the last minute that they overshot the budget during the recent cricket series in Sri Lanka,\" a source told TOI on Wednesday. The tournament begins on Thursday.Now, two sponsors are left on board - ONGC and Cosco - and their total contribution is Rs 20 lakh. However, the organizers are upbeat and may approach the Army for help. Incidentally, this is the 125th year of the tournament.About 6,000 supporters of Ramdev Baba had accompanied him into the stadium after Delhi Police decided turn the football arena into a makeshift jail. It's no surprise that the ground was left in a bad shape along with the stands. By the time, the crowd left the stadium on Tuesday afternoon, the arena was in a mess. Durand organizers then requested the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) to get the stadium cleaned. They also got some help from the volunteers in Ramdev's camp.Despite hectic effort, however, the stadium could not be cleaned completely as many MCD workers were busy cleaning the VVIP route for the Independence Day celebration at the Red Fort.Sources said that Ramdev's supporters urinated, vomited and threw all kinds of rubbish at the ground. With the qualifying stage starting on Thursday, army personnel are expected to come and do the cleaning job on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516572", "title": "Mel B wants Spice Girls reunion for Christmas single", "text": "Mel B has said that she's up for putting out a new single with the Spice Girls and going on one last UK tour before the year ends.\"We're always talking about getting together. We always have cups of tea and dinners together. We're all friends at the end of the day,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying.Bookies Ladbrokes have slashed the odds on the quintet having a Christmas No.1 after their spectacular show on Sunday.\"We haven't had any actual conversations except raving about the Olympics so far, but yeah... we'll see,\" she said.However, sources said that the Scary Spice wants to go on a reunion tour to coincide with the December 11 premiere of their musical stage show 'Viva Forever!' written by Jennifer Saunders.Performing a series of live shows would ramp up the girl band's nostalgia and give the girls a great shot at scoring their fourth festive chart topper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "15509358", "title": "I-Day gift? TTD cops let children toy with guns", "text": "TIRUPATI: Ignoring the safety of their children as well as those of onlookers, the Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) vigilance officials let some children play with their guns during the Independence Day celebrations at the TTD administrative building here on Wednesday.The incident caused quite a stir and realising that it could land the TTD in trouble, the officials took away the guns from the children. This comes after the recent incident of a commandant's son trying his hand at a pistol at a firing range in Visakhapatnam, which created a furore among police circles.\"Imagine the disaster had any of the guns gone off in the crowded place where hundreds of people had gathered to celebrate the I-Day. This is sheer callousness on the part of the vigilance officials to allow the children play with the guns,\" a participant at the I-Day fete said.This not-so-funny an incident took place while TTD executive officer L V Subramanyam was addressing the gathering.Sources said police and TTD vigilance officials had assembled to present the salute to the EO during the flag march. Some children of the TTD staff and locals, who were present there, picked up the guns and started playing with them. While some cops looked the other way, the children were merrily playing with the weapons.A 10-year-old boy tried to press the trigger, while another peered at the nozzle. Yet another aimed the weapon at the crowd. One of them was seen turning the gun upside down and hitting it on the ground.\"It was fraught with danger as anything could happen,\" a senior citizen rued. Though officials claimed that the guns were locked, allowing the children to play with them had shocked the onlookers. Source said it was not known as how the children were handed over the guns in the first place.As if this wasn't enough, senior vigilance officials claimed that they were not loaded guns. \"We do not carry loaded guns except for the purpose of firing. So, there was no question of the guns going off and injuring any body,\" Hanumanthu, TTD assistant vigilance officer, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513619", "title": "GoW writer Zeishan Quadri ready with two 'real' life stories", "text": "Basking in the glory of penning Anurag Kashyap's crime drama 'Gangs of Wasseypur' and sharing screen space in the movie, writer Zeishan Quadri is ready with three projects including two based on real life incidents.\"I have almost three scripts that are ready. I am just giving final touches to them. Two of these projects are real life incidents. One is a crime-love story based in Bihar and another is a gangster story set in Meerut. The third one is a fictional love story,\" Zeishan told PTI.Director Anurag Kashyap's two part revenge drama ' Gangs of Wasseypur' marked Zeishan's debut as a writer and also as an actor where he played the role of 'Definit', a wily and street smart goon who imitates Salman Khan .Based on the coal mafia in Dhanbad, the movie was about three generations of a family entangled in tentacles of crime, extortion and murder.Zeishan, who has penned three projects in last one year, intends to work with Vishal Bhardwaj, Sudhir Mishra, Hansal Mehta and TV and film producer Ekta Kapoor .\"I like the kind of movies that Vishal Bhardwaj makes. I will definitely take this crime-love story and the gangster story to Vishal. I am also thinking of Sudhir Mishra, Hansal Mehta for this project,\" he said.\"The story based in Bihar is not like 'Ishqzaade'. It is totally different, never seen before in Bollywood,\" he said. However, Zeishan did not divulging details about the project, as they are based on real life people and incidents.\"All I can say is the journey, incidents are all real...they will not be changed in the film. The name of the person, location and timeline will be changed,\" he said adding that by September he will start approaching directors.Despite receiving death threats for scripting 'Gangs of Wasseypur', based on real life people, it did not deter Zeishan from writing stories on real incidents. \"I think some problems will arise. But I am ready to face them,\" he said.Apart from writing scripts, Zeishan is also keen on acting in movies. \"Writing is my hobby and acting is something I always wanted to do. I will definitely act in all these three films. I don't mind playing second lead,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511497", "title": "Chennai soaks in Independence Day spirit", "text": "CHENNAI: The brave efforts of a woman and her teenaged daughter in fighting off thieves in their Cuddalore home won them the Kalpana Chawla award for bravery from Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Independence Day. D Rajalakshmi and her daughter Shivaranjani, an engineering student, were fast asleep on the night of February 29, when two thieves gained entry to their house in Bhuvanagiri in Cuddalore district.When the men threatened Rajalakshmi asking her to hand over the valuables, including her gold 'thali', the daughter picked up an iron rod and beat them. \"My father was not in town then. I knew I had to save my mother,\" 18-year-old Shivaranjani told TOI after receiving the award. She said one of the robbers caught hold of her mother's 'thali' and pushed Rajalakshmi to the floor.\"We tried hard, but one of the thieves ran away with my mother's thali,\" she said. However, the two women managed to catch the other thief. They alerted the Bhuvanagiri police. \"We arrested the man, who managed to escape, and recovered the thali from him,\" said a police officer. The Kalpana Chawla award carries 5 lakh in cash and a citation. The chief minister also presented several other awards.Earlier, in a colourful ceremony, Jayalalithaa was escorted by the city police motor bike outriders to Fort St George. She was received by chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi at the venue. The chief minister took the salute of ceremonial guard of honour before unfurling the national flag on the ramparts of the fort. A big crowd had gathered for the event with small flags pinned to their clothes.In her speech, the chief minister recalled a song from a film of her mentor M G Ramachandran, to issue a warning to wrong-doers. \"Commit a wrong, and knowingly at that, and I will not spare them, even if they are Gods,\" she said. At the end of her address she said, \"It is not just that I am here for you, but I am here because of you.\"Later, Governor K Rosaiah hosted the Independence Day reception at Raj Bhavan. The chief minister, assembly speaker D Jayakumar, ministers, service personnel and other dignitaries participated. The governor released the tricolour balloons to mark the 66th Independence Day celebrations.Cultural programmes organized by the South Zone Cultural Centre were canceled following the death of Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "15521896", "title": "New scheme to encourage fodder cultivation", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: As a sop to farmers hit by water scarcity across the state, the Gujarat government has implemented a new scheme to encourage cultivation of fodder. Under the scheme, the government is providing fodder seeds and fertilizers up to Rs 1,500 free of cost.Officials told TOI that the scheme is being extended to farmers who plan to plant fodder crops on their land covering an area half an acre to two acres. \"It will mainly benefit the small and marginal farmers who are the worst hit due to scarcity. Even bigger farmers would benefit from it as they would only go in fodder cultivation on a small portion of their land,\" an agriculture department official said.The government plans to spend Rs 80 crore for the implementation of the scheme.\"Initially only Rs 5 crore were to be spent under the scheme. But the government has decided to spend additional Rs 75 crore for cultivation of fodder. We are aiming to cover 5 lakh hectares of land under the initiative,\" he said.The notification for the scheme says that the fodder crops that the farmers would be encouraged to grow include jowar, bajra, corn along with fodder crops locally known as rajko and oat. The official explained that the fodder crop variety of jowar and bajra do not produce grains and are merely fit for consumption by cattle. In addition to this, the scheme would be extended for fodder crops that are recognized by government of India or agricultural universities.Meeting the fodder requirement in the days to come has emerged as a major challenge for the government. It has decided to encourage farmers to take up fodder cultivation on a large scale in addition to growing fodder on waste lands and gauchar lands.The fodder requirement for severely affected districts will be 838 crore kg over the next nine months till the next monsoon sets in. The moderately affected districts will need 647 crore kg over the next six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15511640", "title": "Woman escapes from rehab cent", "text": "Mysore: One of the eight girls, who was rescued during a recent raid on hotel, escaped from the care centre in Mysore on Tuesday. A court had handed over eight girls to the custody of Odanadi Seva Samasthe, an NGO working for the welfare of sex workers and their children, for rehabilitation soon after they were rescued from a prostitution ring in Kadakola on August 10. The organization in their complaint to Saraswathipuram police has claimed that a 29-year-old woman escaped from their centre in Hootgalli during counselling and therapeutic intervention on Tuesday. Odanadi director M L Parashuram claimed that all the eight girls tried to escape from the centre, but they succeeded in preventing seven girls. One Kajol managed to escape from them by jumping a compound wall, he said. Parashuram claimed that since it is a rehab centre, they cannot keep the inmates in confines or increase the compound wall height more than two-and-half-a-feet. He, however, admitted that this is not for the first time an inmate has escaped from Odanadi. Sources said it appears the organization has failed in their duties of keeping the rescued girls in their custody. Earlier, the girls, especially from Bangladesh, who were kept in such protection centres in Mysore and Mandya, had escaped. Police are yet to trace them. Saraswathipuram police have filed a missing complaint and are investigating. The girl is said to be from West Bengal. However, police are yet to confirm this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15519848", "title": "Goa police tighten vigil on drugs along Calangute beach belt", "text": "PANAJI: With the North Goa coastal belt seeing the registration of 39 narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances (NDPS) cases in the last three years, the government is tightening police control along the beach belt particularly Calangute constituency, which is a magnet for tourists and thrill seekers.According to information provided by the home department, seven cases were registered in Calangute constituency under the NDPS act in 2009.In 2010, the cases rose to 14 and in 2011, remained almost same at 11. Upto June 30, 2012, seven NDPS cases had been registered in Calangute constituency.The home department has claimed that the local police have succeeded in maintaining stringent watch over the drug peddlers in their respective police station areas.Local police are subjecting the bars and restaurants along the Calangute shoreline to surprise checks.The local police and anti-narcotics cell of Goa police are also exerting pressure to book maximum cases under the NDPS Act in these areas, home department claimed.The home department has also created a special cell at the district level to collect intelligence of drugs and to book cases. Besides, informants and sources have been developed and raids are being conducted on receiving specific inputs, home department sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "early morning, on august 15, salman khan's sister had tweeted", "code": "15513519", "title": "Ek Tha Tiger: Salman breaks his 'Dabangg' record", "text": "Early morning, on August 15, Salman Khan's sister had tweeted: \"The TIGER has arrived! Congratulation &amp; all the best to the whole team of Ek Tha Tiger! You'll have to break all records!\"The day was barely over and the team seemed to be well on their way to live up to her wishes. Mass hysteria, perhaps only witnessed during Rajinikanth's films, ensued since 9.30 am on Independence Day. Letting go of the age-old Indian tradition of watching the Prime Minister speak from the Red Fort, people lined up in front of the ticket counters at various theatres across the country. Some, we heard, were even monitored by cops, just in case the multitudes decided to break into a song and dance sequence.When we tried to gain access to a suburban single screen theatre, we were told that a ticket that usually costs around Rs 90 is being sold for as much as Rs 750. \" Abhi abhi madam Rs 800 mein le ke gayi ticket,\" our arguments about 'high pricing' were easily dismissed. Incidentally, the last time black marketers had a ball was during Dabangg when each ticket sold for as much as Rs 450.Manoj Desai, owner of the G7 multiplex in Mumbai termed it 'crazy'. \"People have been whistling every time Salman is on screen. It is fabulous. We are sold out till next Wednesday. This film will surely break all records. Even the black ticket rates are the highest in the history of cinema,\" Desai told us.Salman's hard work seems to have paid off. Anand Vishal, Head of Operations, Fun Cinemas called the response to Ek Tha Tiger 'phenomenal'. \"This film has procured the highest sales for Fun Cinemas till date. Till now, it was Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara . Shows are full till Monday. I will not be surprised if the film crosses the Rs 100-crore mark in supersonic speed. If things go the same way, the film may cross the Rs 150-crore mark by Wednesday,\" said Vishal.In fact, according to trade expert Taran Adarsh, this film has put Salman in a league of his own. \"And I feel this is just the tip of the iceberg. The real scenario will unfold during Eid. Ek Tha Tiger will not just break all records, it will be the fastest one to do so. As of now, the day one collections have crossed Rs 30 crore,\" said Adarsh.From a social network site, we learnt that people (even with pre-booked tickets) were turned back by cops due to full parking lots and uncontrollable mob. Perhaps to avoid such ugly encounters, the film's team, who had earlier planned to go for the first day first show at Gaiety, took a rain check.However, those close to Salman, revealed that the actor did arrange for a special show for the Being Human kids in Bandra. In fact, after attending the special screening along with Katrina Kaif , he went home to relax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15510354", "title": "Cultural events mark Independence Day in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Cultural events, honouring freedom fighters and patriotic fervour marked the Independence Day in Madurai, on Wednesday.Collector Anshul Mishra, who hoisted the tricolour at the Armed Reserve grounds, honoured 242 freedom-fighters and their wards by draping shawls around them and gave away financial assistance to the tune of Rs 31 lakh to 159 beneficiaries, from across the district.Mechanised sewing machines were given away to three physically challenged people, free house pattas were given to 79 people, a sum of Rs 1,000 was given to 50 aged people, while 19 sportspersons from impoverished backgrounds were provided financial assistance. As many as 45 government employees were awarded for exemplary service while folk artistes were also honoured. The highlight of the day was cultural, sports and gymnastic events by as many as 1,776 students from various schools and colleges. An impressive march-past by the police personnel was held in the grounds.A battery of senior government officials, including south zone IG Rajesh Das, DIG Bala Naga Devi, city commissioner Sanjay Mathur and SP V Balakrishan witnessed the events.Gram sabha meetings were also held across the district. Mishra participated in the gram sabha meeting at Kathakinaru village. Later \"sama panthi\", a community feast was held at the Meenakshi Sundareswarar Temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15511098", "title": "Like parents, like daughter? Chelsea mulls politics stint", "text": "NEW YORK: Chelsea Clinton, who on earlier occasions has ruled out stepping into politics, is now giving less definitive answers on her political ambitions. Asked if she would consider jumping into politics, the 32-year-old daughter of US secretary of state Hillary Clinton and former president Bill Clinton said, \"I don't know.\"\"Before my mom's campaign I would have said no. Not because it was something I had thought a lot about but because people have been asking me that my whole life,\" Chelsea, speaking of her mother's unsuccessful 2008 presidential bid, said in an interview for the September issue of Vogue. \"And now I don't know... I mean, I have voted in every election that I have been qualified to vote in since I turned 18,\" Chelsea said.Chelsea, who is working on a doctorate in international relations, is committed to building a more just and more equitable world. Chelsea Clinton is also a contributor for NBC News.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510794", "title": "PM flags health mission, but policy still unclear", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh gave the National Health Mission pride of place in his I-Day speech but a fierce policy row clouds the initiative, highlighting sharp differences over a major policy revamp that includes an ambitious plan for universal health coverage.Health ministry's unwillingness to pay anything more than lip service to a common health mission for urban and rural areas is a major flashpoint, although not the only one, over changes in health policy keenly advocated by the Prime Minister's Office and Planning Commission.NHM will have separate strategies for urban and rural areas, but will subsume the National Rural Health Mission that accounts for 73% of the ministry's spending. But while NHRM is to be expanded to address \"threats to health in both rural and urban areas\", the ministry is insisting on separate missions.The divergence is part of ongoing policy skirmishes with Planning Commission drawing flak for advocating a switch to \"managed healthcare\" \u2014 read as privatization of public health services. Similarly, a divide over proposed changes in budgetary processes indicate polarized views in government.The slug fest has seen PMO advice the ministry to be more conciliatory while it is felt the 12th plan draft's terminology could be misread. This is despite the draft stating, \"...expansion of good quality affordable public sector care will cause a shift towards public sectors providers freeing vulnerable population from dependence on high cost and often unreachable private sector health care.\"Sources said the argument to encourage \"competition\" between government health providers and private care was scotched in its infancy. The healthcare system will not be privatized although a government controlled corporation can oversee the functioning of the health network.The NHM has run into resistance with the health ministry insisting on retaining separate rural and urban missions even if an overarching structure is put in place.This has put it at odds with PMO and the plan panel as the new policy sees the increasing rate of urbanization and transformation of areas into an urban and rural mix necessitating a unified approach to coordinate planning, resources and implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15521549", "title": "Snatching still remains a major headache for Delhi police", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi police might be putting a lot of effort to control street crime and might have succeeded in bringing down the numbers drastically, but even then the figures hardly anything to cheer about.From January to June alone this year, a total of 582 snatching cases have been reported to the police. While this is way less than the 714 reported in the same time frame last year, the present figures will still amount to more than three cases of snatching per day. What is also disturbing is the fact that things turned for worse in June and July when at least three people were shot after they attempted to stop the snatching - in the first, a man and his uncle was shot at near Tis Hazari, in the the next incident this month, a young man lost his life while trying to stop two minors from snatching his salary a day before Rakhi.The crime branch which was asked to come up with a list of most crime prone points in the city has now pointed to 214 areas in the capital which are most vulnerable towards snatching incidents. ``There are either weak police patrolling, poor street lighting or bad roads which are to be blamed. We have found that areas like Dwarka, parts of Rohini and the UP-Delhi border areas like Apsara border are the most vurnerable points,'' said a senior police officer.According to the police, at least 17 incidents of snatching were reported in the first fortnight in August. Add to it the hundreds of cases that go unreported (a woman's FIR of chain snatching at the railway colony of Anand Vihar last Saturday was not registered), and you get the real picture.``Over the years, snatching has become an easy crime which is comparatively easy to executive with minimum chance of detection. As a result, along with the habitual offenders, we often apprehend a lot of first-timers,'' said a senior police official. He added that the snatchers mostly targeted elderly single women on lonely streches of Delhi - usually during noon or late evening when the number of eyewitnesses are expected to be the least. ``These snatchers usually travel on motorcycles at top speeds. They also wear dark helmets to avoid detection. After choosing their targets, they come at a high speed from behind, lunge for the valuable items and then speed of the moment they acheive their dubious objective. This gives very little time for the shocked victims to note down the numbers of the bikes, leave alone identify the culprits,'' said the senior officer.He went on to add that often such crimes are committed on stolen vehicles so that even if they are caught and they need to flee, the culprits remain beyond our reach. ``There have been instances when we have found the bikes belonging to friends and even other family members,'' he said.The present Delhi police commissioner Neeraj Kumar has now devised plans to tackle such crimes. Over 140 stretches have been identified by crime branch which needs ``urgent monitoring'' and the police is co-ordinating with other states to stop inter-state gangs from operating inside Delhi. Only the results of next quarter will, however, show how these steps have worked out, reasoned senior officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509323", "title": "Marine academy booked for cheating", "text": "NEW DELHI: A case of cheating has been registered against a Lajpat Nagar-based marine academy for allegedly duping several aspirants of their money and promising them navy jobs within four months. The case was lodged by Surender Kumar, a resident of Sikar district of Rajasthan. An initial probe by southeast district police has found that several trainee corps has also been cheated in the same manner. One person has been arrested in the connection and cops are on the lookout for the other accused.The victim had gone to the academy's Delhi office after reading a newspaper advertisement last year. \"I was introduced to two people who promised to get me a job in four months. After counselling, I paid Rs 1,10,000 as training charges to the institute. I paid the fee in three installments of Rs 50,000 in July in 2011, Rs 20,000 in September 2011 and Rs 40,000 in January 2012,\" the complainant stated in the FIR.Institute administrators told Kumar to go back to his village and wait for their call. \"When I didn't get a response for a long time, I tried to contact them but their cellphones were switched off. Even the certificate they provided us was not one that was promised to us,\" the complainant said. Cops said they are probing whether 54 other students studying with Kumar were also duped. \"We have confiscated certain documents for analysis\" said the officer.Cops will record statements of the students and study bank documents. \"We will be seeking technical assistance for this case,'' said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "15510149", "title": "Girl ends life after being harassed online", "text": "JALANDHAR: An 18-year-old girl studying in a polytechnic college in Punjab's Jalandhar was found hanging in her hostel room on Tuesday night after two youth posted obscene comments about her on a social networking site.Second year diploma student Raksha Sharma left behind a suicide note blaming Deepak Saini and Lovepreet Singh for pushing her to death. Police arrested the youth on Wednesday. Police said Deepak and Lovepreet graduated from the same polytechnic this year. \"Raksha and Lovepreet were friends. For a while though their friendship had strained,\" said Balkar Singh, ACP, Jalandhar North. After Raksha stopped talking to Lovepreet, he flooded her cellphone with offensive text messages threatening to throw acid on her.On Tuesday, Lovepreet and Deepak posted an obscene message about her on the social network site. Police said when Raksha did not mark her night attendance hostel mates went to her room around 9 pm to check on her.They found the door bolted from inside. They knocked on the door, but nobody responded. The girls were alarmed and informed the hostel warden. After the door was forced open, Raksha was found dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15521042", "title": "Independence day celebrated with at Institute of Cost Accountants of India", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Independence Day was celebrated with great enthusiasm by the Institute of Cost Accountants of India (ICAI) at the new site of their office at Sector 70, Mohali. This special and auspicious occasion was witnessed by a lot of seniors and other members of the profession where the flag hoisting ceremony was performed by the chairperson Jasdeep Kaur.On this occasion, Rakesh Bhalla, vice-chairman, Northern India Regional Council, congratulated the members and appealed that this Independence Day should be dedicated to those unsung heroes who made many sacrifices including their lives for our independence but name of whose does not contain in the history books.Bhalla also appreciated the leaders who are raising voice against corruption but at the same time he said that as the charity begins at home and all should take oath that not to accept nor give bribe from today onwards.Jasdeep Kaur, chairperson said that the Independence Day of any country is a moment of pride and glory. She said that if there is one man in history whose name is synonymous with peace, then it is Gandhi ji, the architect of independence.Balwinder Singh,former central council member of the ICWAI said that India had made remarkable progress during the last 6 decades in almost all fields which makes us hold our head high.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15517583", "title": "Want my medal to travel the country and inspire: Gagan Narang", "text": "NEW DELHI: His parents' decision to take the road less travelled has gone a long way in helping shooter Gagan Narang realise his Olympic dream, and the London Games bronze winner now plans to take his prized medal on a countrywide tour to inspire the next generation.\"I want my medal to travel across the country so that it inspires the coming generation,\" Narang said on Thursday.The ace marksman, who clinched a bronze in the 10m air rifle event, in fact, wants his medal to be touched by the country's 1.2 billion people.It was while coming back from the Royal Artillery Barracks to the Games Village after his moment of glory, that the idea hit upon him.\"I was coming back by bus after winning the medal. I saw the Olympics' motto -- Inspire A Generation -- and that's when I thought about it. Olympics belongs to the country, and I want to inspire,\" the 29-year-old shooter from Hyderabad told reporters.It is by now a well documented fact that the Narangs years ago had to sell off a plot of land to help their son buy a rifle.\"There was a time when my parents had to sell off a plot of land so that I can buy a rifle for competitive tournaments. After that we stayed in a rented house for the next 15 years,\" an emotional Narang said.Narang was felicitated by the Manav Rachna International University, where he is pursuing an MBA degree, for his exploits in London.He was conferred the Manav Rachna Kirti Puraskar besides being awarded with Rs 11 lakh.After winning innumerable medals on the world stage, the only thing missing in Narang's overflowing cupboard before the London Games was an Olympic medal. And the triumph in the world's biggest sporting event does give him a sense of achievement.\"It feels complete. The love and affection of the people, it's a humbling experience. It's a good feeling to be able to bring smiles on the faces of people,\" said Narang.\"When kids come to me and say that I want to be like you, older people coming and hugging me and saying that we are proud of you. The blood and tears and hard work... everything is worth it.\"For Indian sports it marks a new era. Those who missed out narrowly (in London) will come back strongly in Rio (2016 Games),\" Narang said.The pain of missing out on the finals in the Beijing Games has haunted Narang for long, and he was relieved to have overcome it.\"I had the pain inside me. I was fighting my own demons, I am happy that I have put the demons to sleep forever,\" Narang, who plans to start training in a few weeks' time to prepare for the World Cup in October, said.He said like cricket, other sports should also strive to make a shift from classes to masses.\"To compare Olympic sport with cricket would not be fair. Years back cricket was a sport only for the classes and we will also have to make other sports masses from classes like cricket. Only then will six medals get to 15.\"Narang further stated, \"The culture of sport has to grow in the country. We need to have sporting schools everywhere, all across the country.\"As far as comparison with China is concerned, he said, \"China has more depth, we can't compare with them. We should (ideally) have 100 Sushil Kumars, 100 Vijay Kumars, 50 Vijenders. More than 1 crore people play sport in China.\"The competition should be more intense in India.\" Narang also has plans to discuss with the sports ministry ways to uplifting infrastructure in the country.\"The government, the ministry have done a lot, the media has also done a lot and it would not have been possible without your support. But a lot more needs to be done.\"Narang also reiterated that sports should be made a part of the school curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511132", "title": "Foreign universities\u2019 entry unlikely to stem love for colleges abroad", "text": "CHENNAI: The University Grants Commission's move to finalise the regulations under which foreign educational institutions can partner domestic institutions has students excited but academics say it is unlikely to lead to a decrease in the number of students travelling overseas to study.\"It may have some impact on the number of students seeking to pursue education overseas, but I don't expect it to affect the market. A degree from a foreign university in the country can never replace an international experience,\" said Naresh Gulati, CEO of Oceanic Consultants. He said students didn't go abroad just for a degree. Exposure to a different lifestyle and culture were part of the package as well, he said.Others said such collaborations were likely to draw mid-level managers or executives who cannot leave the country because of job and family commitments and whose careers will benefit from academic advancements.Many academics feel premier institutes like the IITs or the IIMs are likely to be strengthened. \"What such partnerships will mean to institutes like ours is fruitful collaboration among faculty, especially in training, and will facilitate collaborations in research,\" said V Gopal, dean (academics), IIM-Trichy.Some private institutions are upset over the regulatory norms which do not insist on accreditation for government institutions while making it mandatory for others. \"The accreditation requirement must be made applicable to all universities, public or private. A discriminatory system is counterproductive to any quality improvement mechanism,\" said S Vaidhyasubramaniam, dean (planning and development), SASTRA University, Thanjavur.He also said that though students expect these collaborations to come up in postgraduate and research programmes, foreign universities are likely to focus on undergraduate courses more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515305", "title": "Special screening of management film on Chanakya\u2019s teachings", "text": "Shemaroo Entertainment in association with Toyota held a special screening of the world's first management film based on Chanakya's teachings, 'Chanakya Speaks- The Seven Pillars for Business Success' at Mumbai.Followed by the unveiling of the DVD, the event was attended by more than 400 India Inc's corporate head honchos, management gurus, business strategists, entrepreneurs, academicians and students. The company also announced its next product in pipeline at the occasion - Chanakya in You which is an exclusive toolkit for applying Chanakya's seven pillars construct in your business career and life. This is an extended version of the released movie with additional perks that will help one to groom himself professionally and personally.Hiren Gada, director, Shemaroo Entertainment, said, \"We at Shemaroo Entertainment always make an effort to bring in innovation and variety for our audience. I am sure that the film will help various people get connected to centuries old Indian heritage in modern context, thereby helping them to grow to the next level.\"Narrating the film, Director Vasudevan Srinivasan, said, \"I am glad to see several executives from the corporate world gathered here having spared their valuable time and eager to watch the film which itself is a learning for many of us and I consider this as a bonus I was fortunate to have making it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15511223", "title": "Mamata\u2019s \u2018corrupt court\u2019 remark kicks up storm", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's open attack on the judiciary, stating that court orders could be bought, has created a storm with political parties, former judges and lawyers criticizing her for making unsubstantiated allegations against the judiciary.Considering that Trinamool Congress is its critical ally, Congress's criticism was subdued and understated. Party spokesperson Manish Tewari said, \"The Indian judiciary has acquitted itself with transparency and integrity over the past six decades. A broad brush insinuation on an institution which is generally held in high esteem by the people of the country should be avoided.\"He, however, added if there was a specific charge with unimpeachable evidence, it was the duty of every citizen to bring it in public.BJP's Ram Jethmalani , also an eminent lawyer, criticized Banerjee for her comments but said judges were not likely to take it seriously as people tend to say things unwittingly in the heat of the moment. \"It is not a wise thing to say. But I am sure she did not intend to commit any contempt of court and bring down the entire judiciary. I am sure she knows there are judges who need to be praised,\" he said.Banerjee's arch-rival CPM, as expected, went ballistic. Central committee member Nilotpal Basu said, \"It is very strange that she has created a record of appointing 40 judicial commissions. And now she is attacking and alleging that orders can be bought.\"Pointing to Banerjee's disregard for the constitutional scheme, Basu said she had overtly attacked the state human rights commission because it gave an order that was not acceptable to her. \"She wants other institutions to be subservient to the chief minister's office,\" he said.Banerjee's disparaging remarks invited stinging comments from retired Chief Justices of India and lawyers, all agreeing that her \"highly irresponsible remark\" was perilous to democratic governance. Law minister Salman Khurshid attempted to take the sting out of Banerjee's barb by saying he did not know the intention behind the comments and that it could be to protect the independence of judiciary. He said the CM's comment \"could be to strengthen the internal accountability system (in judiciary)\". He added, \"Accountability contributes to independence and it should not become a case where accountability becomes a problem for independence.\" Pressed further for a clarification on Banerjee's comment painting the judiciary as corrupt, Khurshid said, \"Some things are best ignored.\"Former attorney general Soli J Sorabjee said Banerjee's remarks were \"thoroughly irresponsible, unbecoming of a chief minister\" and appeared to have been spurred by the state human rights commission's order to the state government to compensate the professor who was arrested over the cartoon row. \"It shows an intolerant mindset. Anybody who questions her authority or action is abused,\" he said.Senior advocate Harish Salve said he was appalled by Banerjee's comments and warned that if such disparaging remarks kept coming from heads of state governments, it could be perilous for the working of the Constitution and democracy. Former Chief Justices of India J S Verma and V N Khare slammed the chief minister for the use of \"intemperate\" language and her tendency to resort to name calling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515861", "title": "\u2018I love the diverse styles of Indian art\u2019", "text": "... says Kenyan artist Joseph Cartoon, who will be in the city to showcase his art.Is this the first time you are going to showcase your work in India? I exhibited my work in India last year in a gallery in Bangalore.What kind of art are you into? I work on contemporary African art, through which I explore different subjects and techniques.Do you have any idea about the Indian art scene? If yes , what do you think of it? I am a fan of Indian art. A few years ago, I bought a book on Indian art and I just love the colours and diverse styles.How did you come to take up art as a profession? My first four paintings were picked up by a collector and she helped me with art material to further my talent. Then I realized I could take up art as a profession. She promoted my art through a gallery in Nairobi.What is the inspiration for your art? I am inspired by African women and my art is based on the fabric prints of their outfits.Does your name, Joseph Cartoon, have any significance in terms of your art? Yes, it is an African family name.You have showcased your work in different countries. Which has been your favourite so far? Since 1997, I have exhibited my works at over 50 shows, group and solo, both locally and internationall. USA, Germany, Denmark and Korea are the largest buyers of my art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15509188", "title": "Financial crunch drowns drainage projects", "text": "JAIPUR: With the civic bodies throwing up their hands on drainage projects, water-logging problems continue to plague residents in the city.Flooded roads are a common sight and authorities seem to be helpless in rectifying the problem. Chief engineer, JDA, Lalit Sharma said, \"Due to paucity of funds the complete drainage work of the city cannot be undertaken. We are hoping to receive funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) this time.\" He added, \"The project can only be undertaken once the assistance is received, however, drainage work is being done where required.\"An official informed, the civic authorities are struggling hard to have a proper drainage system in the city since long, however, financial crises always pushed it on the backburner. In 2007, the JMC had drawn a drainage plan of Rs 1,200 crore for the city. The plan was sent to the Central government for funds under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission scheme.Moreover, the JDA engineering wing recently drew Rs 200 crore mini drainage plans after compiling a report submitted by different zones. But, given the present financial condition, the JDA was not able to take up the work.Sources claim the JDA engineering wing has recently taken approval for constructing a proper drainage system on major city roads where problem of water-logging is very common. However, due to delay in tender process work could not be taken prior to this monsoon.\"Recently around Rs 8.5 crore have been sanctioned to construct a new drainage line from Chinkara Canteen to Collectorate Circle, Collectorate Circle to Khasa Khoti and Panipech to Chandpole. However, tenders have not been invited till date. The process will take at least two months and it's not possible to start the construction work before this monsoon,\" a JDA source said. He added, \"Staff and fund crunch is the reason for delay in the tender process.\"Over the years, the city residents are facing huge in inconvenience due to water logging and poor road conditions at Khasa Khoti and other points during the monsoon season. \"At all these points water logging problem is a major issue and there is no drainage system on these road.\"Also, the JDA engineer wing has recently drawn Rs 200 crore mini drainage plans after compiling a report submitted by different zones. However, given at the present financial condition, the JDA was not able to take up the work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "15518475", "title": "Talaq given without reason declared null and void", "text": "PUNE : The family court in Pune in a recent judgment declared a talaqnama given by a husband to his wife as null and void stating that it was not binding on the wife because the husband had not given valid reasons.The woman was a victim of domestic violence ever since she got married. She was physically and mentally harassed by the husband and his parents for trivial issues. They had even abused and threatened to kill her.The husband gave talaq to the wife without any reason. The talaqnama was received by the wife by registered post.The victim's lawyers Asim Sarode said, \"The talaqnama was issued against his client arbitrarily without asking for her consent and did not have a date. There was no mention of meher and iddat period\".Sarode assisted by lawyers Ashish Purohit and Vikas Shinde said the husband did not produce any evidence whereas the wife gave all the required evidence to prove her stand in the family court.The court found that the husband did not have reasonable grounds for giving talaqnama to this wife and declared it as null and void.Sarode said, \"It has been observed that husbands were giving talaqnamas to their wives without seeking their consent because they wished to marry other women . The victims must be given a chance to check whether the divorce has taken place for a proper and valid reason. A man should not take advantage of the vulnerable position of the women\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511080", "title": "14 yrs on, kin still fight for justice in Indu Anto case", "text": "MUMBAI: The swift action taken by Bandra's S L Raheja College in the recent instance of ragging is in sharp contrast with Mumbai's most infamous Indu Anto case of August 4, 1998. Indira, a 16-year-old FYJC student of Sophia College, Pedder Road, had allegedly committed suicide by throwing herself off the terrace of her hostel after allegedly being ragged and humiliated by her peers.Fourteen years on, her Congressman father C L Anto, now based in Kerala, continues to fight a lone battle to secure justice for his only child, whom he had fondly named after former prime minister Indira Gandhi . The case filed by the CID in the Bombay high court was closed in 2010, when the main accused, Michelle D'Souza, was acquitted. Co-accused Greta Colaco had been let off earlier.Anto had meanwhile filed a private petition with the Girgaum magistrate's court in 2002 and keeps visiting Mumbai in the hope of justice.Speaking to TOI over the phone, he said, \"The next hearing is on August 21, but my wife has a medical procedure that day so I will seek an adjournment. I have also entered a plea against the public prosecutor with the Bar Council of India and will arrive in time for that hearing on August 23.\"Anto squarely blames the authorities for \"hushing up the matter\". He said, \"They found Indu's personal diary, where she had written that ragging is a dominant feature in Sophia College. She wrote the names of two girls as well. There were injuries on her private parts that were not self-inflicted. All this evidence was disregarded.\"Anto said, \"The only mistake my daughter made was to break the unwritten hostel rule that debars inmates from divulging the secret of ragging. She informed us about the harassment and lost her life.\" No blood had spilled at the spot where Indu fell, and she apparently died of brain haemorrhage. Anto's wife Usha remains ill and bedridden, unable to recover from the loss of her daughter. ,who not only was an excellent student but also enjoyed a game of chess, was good at drawing and wrote poetry as well.Indu's neighbours in I C Colony recall a timid girl who internalized her feelings and only wished to fulfill her father's expectations.Caretaker Gopi Nair who looks after the flat in Pearl Apartment says Anto wanted his daughter to become an IAS officer .Friends remember Indu as an intelligent but quiet loner who rarely mingled with others. \"Neighbours had advised her father against admitting her to the college hostel. After all so many students commute from Borivli to Grant Road. She was used to being around family and even after joining the hostel she kept asking her father to take her back home,\" said a friend who attended the same coaching class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510903", "title": "3 more detained for Saturday's rioting", "text": "MUMBAI: After Saturday's violence outside Azad Maidan, 23 people have been arrested and charged with attempt to murder, rioting, molestation and destruction of properties and have been remanded in custody till August 19. But police officials said around five-six of them may be innocent and will be released. \"Once we are sure that a few of the arrested boys have no role to play, we will move the court asking them to discharge them under section 169 of the CrPC,\" the officer said.On Wednesday, the SIT detained three more people from Dongri to probe their involvement in the rioting. \"The three had injury marks on their bodies and they told us that they were beaten up by the mob. They admitted to their presence at Azad Maidan but said they had come to see what was happening there. We will arrest them depending on the role they played in the violence,\" the officer said.The police are also focusing on identifying two youths who desecrated the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial near Azad Maidan, the venue of the protest. \"We have activated all our informants and are hoping to get a lead soon,\" a police source said. The police have sent the suspects' photographs to all the police stations and its network of informants.Meanwhile, one of the Islamic sects Ahle Hadees has come under the police scanner. This group is being suspected because a big group of protesters came from Kurla, Govandi and Mumbra and these are the strongholds of Ahle Hadees in Mumbai. On the basis of information provided by some informers, the cops are trying to verify if the Ahle Hadees group had instigated some elements for rioting during the protest rally. Despite repeated attempts, Maulana Abdus Salam Salfi, head of Ahle Hadees Jamaat in Mumbai couldn't be contacted for comments.A puritanical group, Ahle Hadees sect is ideologically close to the Wahabis who harbour extreme views. They are active in Saudi Arabia and Afghanistan. In Pakistan, Sunni congregations have been targeted by the Wahabis. However, in India they are not known to have attacked the Sunnis. The ideological father of Ahle Hadees in India is 18th century scholar Shah Waliullah. Since the Sunnis/Barelvis stridently criticize the Ahle Hadees, this group might have incited a group to sabotage the protest meet organized by the Sunni groups, police believe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510187", "title": "Men in Metro women\u2019s coaches: Drive fines 1,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: Almost two years after the Delhi Metro converted the first coach of every train into a women's only coach, Delhi men still seem to be unaware of this. In a drive that lasted a month, the CISF de-boarded a whopping 2,500 men from women's coaches.The special drive, which will be an on-going initiative by the CISF now, saw 1,000-odd men being fined for travelling in the women's coach.A CISF spokesman said, \"10 teams of lady personnel have been constituted to check women's compartment and de-board male passengers.\" The stations near malls and infotech companies saw a larger influx of men in the reserved coaches, the spokesman said, adding helpline number 22185555 can be used to make a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509563", "title": "Northeasterners rattled by rumours", "text": "BANGALORE: The messages and precautionary chain mails doing the rounds in the past couple of days about violence against people from the Northeast are rumours. Police haven't registered a single attack against them, a senior IPS officer told TOI.The chain mails and messages started doing the rounds last weekend after attacks on people from the Northeast in Pune were reported. They spread various rumours that Northeastern students were attacked or killed in different areas of the city. Some messages even requested the Northeastern community to take precautions and avoid venturing out alone at night. \"I got a message stating that four north-eastern students were killed in Neelasandra on Sunday.The Northeastern student community in our college even called for a meeting to discuss the issue as nobody knew what exactly happened,\" said a student from a prominent college in the city.\"Many first-year students, who have just come in from their home states in the Northeast, are scared. Those who have been here for some time shrugged off these threats as rumours,\" he said.A large number of people from the north eastern and Nepali community, who work at various saloons in the city, seem to be the most affected. Some have left the city fearing for their lives, while others have confined themselves to their homes.\"I had to close down my saloon as my workers, who are of Nepali origin and are often mistaken for Northeasterners, left the city for Chennai on Wednesday. They told me they would only come back if the situation in the city stabilizes,\" said a saloon owner in East Bangalore.\"I found that other saloons are also facing the same problem,\" she added.Northeastern students of a prominent all-girls college in the city on Wednesday were threatened to leave the town soon or face consequences. They complained to about it to college authorities who said, \"Some of the families of the girls were so scared that they asked their children to for home immediately. It's saddens me that while we are celebrating Independence Day with great pomp, we're not able to keep these children out harm's way.\"\"The college management will soon decide whether to file a police complaint or not,\" the college authority said.Note to the desk: we have not quoted anyone in this story for its dangerous for them to be on paper in the prevailing situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15513784", "title": "Pak Hindus to get long-term visas if they apply properly: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: With several hundred Pakistani Hindus arriving in India following alleged persecution, the government on Thursday said they will get long-term visas to stay in the country if they apply under stipulated rules.\"So far, no one has applied for long-term visa. Basically, we have norms for the long-term visa. If they apply under them, they will get it,\" Union home secretary R K Singh said here.He was replying to a question on the possibility of India granting long-term visas to those Pakistani Hindus who have come to the country in last few days.Most of these people have come on a month-long visa ostensibly for pilgrimage and many of them have reportedly expressed their desire not to go back to Pakistan.Almost all Pakistani Hindus, before leaving that country, had to give an undertaking to the authorities there that they would not seek asylum from the Indian government and that they would return to Pakistan within 30 days.Head of such a group, Anup Kumar had alleged that Hindu families were not safe in Pakistan, since kidnapping of young Hindu girls and brides by fundamentalists at gunpoint had become a routine affair.He did not rule out the possibility that majority of the community members would never like to go back to Pakistan under the prevailing circumstances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15518473", "title": "Katrina's reaction on Salman-Aamir's Andaz", "text": "Moving away from the conventional hero-heroine iconic jodi songs, Rithvik and his partner Sneha decided to choose Aamir and Salman as their jodi for their performance in Colors' 'Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa' this week.Dancing to 'Do mastane chale' from the movie 'Andaz Apna Apna' , this duo brought back memories from the movie which made Katrina ask Salman whether this madness had occurred in the movie too.Enlightening the audiences, Salman said that when Katrina first saw 'Andaaz Apna Apna' , she did not understand the movie because she did not understand Hindi. She saw the movie with a straight face without realizing the punches.The next time she saw it was after polishing her Hindi and that was when she understood the humor and couldn't stop laughing at the antics in the movie. Congratulating Rithvik and Sneha on their performance, Salman confessed that he would never have been able to remember the choreography and was glad that he could relive the madness from back then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "15511800", "title": "Found: 2,500-yr-old tattooed mummy", "text": "MOSCOW: Tattoos as complex and abstract as any modern design have been discovered on the body of a Siberian princess buried in the permafrost in Russia for more than 2,500 years.Scientist Natalia Polosmak , who found the remains of ancient Princess Ukok, aged around 25, high in mountains close to Russia's border with Mongolia and China, said she was struck by how little has changed in the past two millennia.The remarkable body art on the mummy includes mythological creatures and experts say the elaborate drawings were a sign of age and status for the ancient nomadic Pazyryk people, described in the 5th century BC by the Greek historian Herodotus, the 'Siberian Times' reported .\"Compared to all tattoos found by archaeologists around the world, those on the mummies of the Pazyryk people are the most complicated , and the most beautiful ,\" said Polosmak. \"I think we have not moved far from Pazyryks in how the tattoos are made,\" said Polosmak. \"More ancient tattoos have been found, like the Ice Man found in the Alps, but he only had lines, not the perfect and highly artistic images one can see on the bodies of the Pazyryks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509636", "title": "Patradevi memorial to be renovated: Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief Minister Manohar Parrikar has said that the government would renovate the martyrs memorial at Patradevi within a year.Speaking at a function there on Wednesday, the chief minister paid tributes to the memory of martyrs and freedom fighters who sacrificed their lives for the cause of freedom. He laid the wreath at the spot where freedom fighters were shot by Portuguese forces, and unfurled the tricolor.He said that the government is trying to implement the basic needs of the people across the state, and said that Ladli Laxmi forms will be made available at bank counters within eight days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511480", "title": "Donate organ and give a second life", "text": "CHENNAI: For several weeks, urologist Dr Sunil Shroff had meticulously planned a series of activities to create awareness for the Organ Donation Week starting August 8. But, what helped Dr Shroff more was series of unexpected events that unfolded that week after Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh's arrival at a Chennai hospital on August 6. The need for more organ donation became the topic of discussion with the death of Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh on Tuesday.Deshmukh was waitlisted for a liver and a kidney which he never got. Among the incidents that spurred the discussion was a tweet by Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi directing his officials to look for a cadaver organ for Deshmukh. Why are organs in short supply? When there are 130,000 fatalities due to road accident across the country, why is it that there are only less than 100 donors? How come the issue became so important when a minister needed an organ? Is transplant a hope only for an important person?Dr Shroff, who runs the MOHAN (Multi-Organ Harvest Aid Network) Foundation, says it is sad that the minister died during the awareness week. \"Nevertheless, it's a loud warning bell. It's time government took up awareness on cadaver donations. We have a law, but the awareness is extremely low,\" he says.In the absence of nation-wide awareness programme, organ donation in India has always been a sloppy affair. Unlike in the West, there are many live donors in India, but only a few cadaver donors. Tamil Nadu is better off than other states. It has done the largest number of cadaver liver transplants in the country in the last four years.\"And that did not happen overnight,\" says Dr Shroff. Until 2008, Tamil Nadu came under severe flak from human rights activists for organ trafficking. The number organs from cadavers (brain-dead patients) was low. Organisations like MOHAN Foundation lobbied to put in place the cadaver transplant programme. In September 2008, when a doctor couple donated the vital organs of their teenage son A Hitendran, it had an electrifying effect. Since then 250 people have donated their organs.Tamil Nadu has a cadaver registry which allots organs to a network of hospitals based on a patient waiting list, with matches made on the basis of blood group, organ size and urgency. \"Tamil Nadu still has a long way to go,\" said liver transplant surgeon Dr R Surendran. \"The supply of organs is smaller than the demand. Several people die waiting for an organ,\" he said.The increasing incidence of lifestyle-related diseases such as diabetes and hypertension that cause organ failures adds to the problem. Research has shown that patients with end-stage organ disease cannot survive for long without a transplant. That is what happened to Deshmukh, whose liver deteriorated rapidly. \"We saw there was a small window of opportunity for Deshmukh because he was stable. But we knew that it may not last for long. We were desperate for a liver,\" said Global hospitals chairman Dr K Ravindranath.This happens to every patient on the organ waiting list. Deshmukh's transplant surgeon Dr Mohamed Rela said, \"I hope his death will stimulate governments to do more.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15515873", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear plant: Centre making mockery of Madras HC, say judges", "text": "CHENNAI: How can a Union minister go around issuing statements on the commissioning of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, when the Madras high court is still hearing cases relating to the matter, asked a division bench of the court on Thursday. \"He says the plant is going to be opened shortly. If that is so, why do you come to court,\" asked the bench, comprising Justice P Jyothimani and Justice P Devadoss on Thursday.The judges said the Centre was not represented in the court properly, and said the senior judge received hundreds of SMSs whenever the minister issued such statements. Noting that the portfolio came under the Prime Minister and that the cases were heard for more than one and a half month regularly, the judges flayed Centre for not taking the case seriously. They said the government of India was making a mockery of the Madras high court. The bench said: \"The Centre thinks that only the Supreme Court is a court and that Madras high court is not a court at all\".What is the purpose of hearing the case for so long, the judges wondered, adding that if such indifference continued, they would not hesitate to pull out of the hearing. In this regard, they pointed out that the court had received the orders after a detailed hearing and that nearly 200 pages of the judgment had been dictated, too.The livid judges did not spare the state pollution control board as well. Referring to the Board's order that the sea water, the point where plant effluent was to be released, could be around 47 degrees Celsius, Justice Jyothimani sought to know as to how marine lives could survive in such high temperature. Pointing out that it was a nuclear plant, the judge said the pollution control board should not treat it like an ordinary industry and an effluent treatment plant. This is a nuclear facility and it requires special guidelines, the bench said.The activist-petitioners too came under fire. The judges said the activists could not go on filing fresh petitions and added: \"It is improper and anti-national.\" As for a report filed by another petitioner, the judges said it was absurd, as it pertained to a US report having no relevance to the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15509412", "title": "Bar codes on National Institute of Open Schooling certificates", "text": "NOIDA: The National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) has decided to introduce bar codes in the certificates issued out by it to avoid increasing cases of fakes being used by individuals throughout the country. Officials said that this system will make forging of certificates near impossible and, in case of any forgery, the authenticity of documents can be quickly verified.NIOS will be introducing bar codes on the certificates of class X, XII and vocational courses. \"These bar codes will be secret which others will not be able to copy or forge. They will act as unique identification to note the originality of the certificate,\" said a senior official.To ensure that the bar code is completely secure, NIOS has taken some additional measures. \"NIOS workers will not have access to these codes,\" added the official.Officials said that the move has been taken after increasing cases of forged certificates were reported to the NIOS over the last few years. \"There have been a number of forged documents that have been reported to be used during job applications and college applications. We want to stop this. These bar codes will ensure that every certificate is unique and in case there is a doubt over the authenticity of the document, we can verify that quickly,\" said the official.Upon receiving a complaint about fake certificates, NIOS can immediately use the bar code to figure out whether they had indeed issued the certificate or not. \"The executive board has agreed to issue the bar codes in the certificate,\" said NIOS chairman, Dr Sitanshu Shekhar Jena. These certificates are likely to be operational for the coming October examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510870", "title": "JJ Hospital teachers hold on to posts, new staff in a fix", "text": "MUMBAI: The state-run JJ Hospital in Byculla now has a problem of plenty. The state government may be crying hoarse about teachers' crisis in the premiermedical college, yet many are waiting with all necessary permissions to join the service.Recently, at least three cases have come to the fore where the teachers have orders government to join the hospital. Yet, they have not managed to do so. Reason: the incumbents have not yet been relieved from service.For instance, Dr Sudhir Medhekar, who was promoted and posted to the post of JJ Hospital skin department's head, has been waiting for over a month to take charge. He is yet to receive a month's salary and is currently working out of another hospital. He does not have access to his office or computer. Similarly, two more professors, Dr Sanjay Bijwe and Dr S Raghuwanshi, who have been posted to the pathology department of the institute, from Ambajogai and Dhule respectively, are waiting to join the service and receive their remuneration.One of the doctors waiting to join the pathology department said if incumbents do not vacate their position, doctors serving in rural areas will lose an opportunity to serve in bigger hospitals in the cities. Medhekar said the institute should respect the orders rather than holding on to teachers of their choice.However, the fact is arbitrary transfers and promotions at public hospitals have become a bigger political game. \"Merit is hardly a parameter. Time-bound promotions are confined only to papers,\" said a senior bureaucrat. There are more than 30-odd people in the teaching faculty of the institute who have studied MBBS in the college, practiced in the institute and retired from there.Acknowledging the problem,Dean Dr T P Lahane said while promotions and transfers could be politically motivated, most of the times the institute authorities have genuine grounds to hold on to some teachers. \"For instance, if the existing head of skin department is allowed to moved out, we will have to shut down our laser and leucopenia treatment services. Over 300 patients on a daily basis could be affected,\" he said. Lahane said it would be the same for pathology servicesif he has to let go of experienced hands.Lahane also spoke against arbitrary transfers. He said he has been trying to retain a senior anaesthetist, who has recently been transferred to Miraj's medical college. \"While many would see it as favoritism, in reality she is the only one trained for brain surgeries,\" he said.Head of Directorate of Medical Education and Research Dr Pravin Shingare said transfers of teaching faculty are done through a meticulous procedure. \"If an institute justifies retaining a teacher, we accept that. If the candidate has legitimate grounds, we will accept that as well,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510242", "title": "Man held for violating order", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 28-year-old man, who is allegedly involved in at least 36 cases of rape, burglary and snatching, was arrested here for violating externment order.The accused Iqbal was apprehended from near Gagan Cinema in northeast Delhi on Monday on a tip off, V V Chaudhary, additional commissioner of police (northeast), said. Police is investigating if he has some role in the Vivek Vihar robbery too.Iqbal was externed from the national capital since July 28 this year due to his alleged criminal activities and he was arrested only after he was found violating the order, said Chaudhary. Iqbal, who was working as a welder, was first arrested in a snatching case in 2000. In another case, police claimed to have solved two cases of two-wheeler theft with the arrest of a 36-year-old man. The accused has been identified as Praveen Kumar , a resident of Paschim Vihar. A stolen scooter was recovered from him.Kumar was apprehended from Jheel Park on Sunday while he was trying to steal a scooter, P Karunakaran , deputy commissioner of police (northwest), said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509485", "title": "Federation Cup: Clubs refuse to play in violence-hit Assam", "text": "PANAJI: The All India Football Federation has been forced to look at an alternate venue for the Federation Cup after several clubs objected to playing in violence-hit Assam.The AIFF had initially finalized Siliguri in Bengal and Guwahati in Assam as the two venues for the final phase of the Federation Cup. Draws were already enlisted and each venue was to host two groups each, the winner of which would progress to the semifinals of India's premier knockout competition.However, AIFF officials are now looking at Odisha as an alternate venue after several clubs said they would rather opt out of the tournament rather than risk playing in Assam, where ethnic violence has claimed almost 80 lives.\"Clubs are not happy with the idea of playing in Assam. We were fine with the facilities and the ground but since clubs have put down their objections in writing, we have to look at other venues. We will announce the venue next week,\" a senior AIFF official told TOI on Wednesday.According to those in the know, the AIFF could use both Cuttack and Bhubaneswar in Odisha as the two venues for the Federation Cup. Two groups will be played in Siliguri, which could also host the semifinal and final.Meanwhile, the selection of Bengal as a venue -- yet again -- for the Federation Cup has caused some heartburn among clubs in Goa and Maharashtra. Last year's final was played in Kolkata, and this time too, Bengal's three clubs will have the home advantage.\"We do not understand why the AIFF cannot find a good venue beyond Bengal. Prayag United want to make Siliguri as their home venue and Siliguri will now host the Federation Cup. Mohun Bagan and East Bengal will also enjoy considerable support in Siliguri while we will be handicapped,\" said a coach from Goa.The Federation Cup qualifiers -- involving all 22 teams from the Second Division I-League who fulfil the club licensing criteria -- will kick start on September 2 while the tournament proper is expected to start on September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15521227", "title": "Northeast students feel unsafe", "text": "MYSORE: There is a growing apprehension among northeastern students and their parents in Mysore following rumours of attack and mass exodus of NE people from Bangalore. Students are feeling insecure and have knocked the doors of police seeking protection.Meanwhile, their parents who are in constant touch with their kids over telephone are pressurizing them to return to their native. Many have already left the place and some are preparing for their return journey. Students claimed some residents are compelling them to vacate rented accommodations to leave the city as early as possible.JSS Law college student Anamika Devi N from Manipur, told TOI that for the first time in five years of her living here she is feeling nervous and that too over rumours, which she can't believe it. Following media reports, we have approached police through their college authorities and have sought protection as a precaution. \"We are now concerned about our safety and how to be careful in case of any emergency\" she added, disclosing that how they are scared in this beautiful city which is known for it's communal harmony .There are some 1000 students studying in various colleges of Mysore and they are living in hostels, paying guest houses and in rented accommodations. Anamika says they don't have exact number of students who have left for their hometowns but many are preparing to go.Sangey Tsering, another student from Arunachal Pradesh, says parents will be naturally anxious about their children safety and following the developments they have become restless. They are summoning their kids back to their places. Honestly, \"I am not feeling totally safe and even police can't extend security all the time,\" he says defending his action o return home.Ruth Saino and Vanlal from Mizoram, law students, too expressed fear over their safety. They have stopped going out in evenings and are moving in groups as suggested by college staff. Even police are helpful and have given numbers of officers to contact them in case of any help required or during emergency.Dolang from Arunachal Pradesh claimed some residents in Mysore have advised second year students to leave the place early before the festival. This is worrying us but pinning hopes on the authorities, she added.On the other hand college authorities too have taken precautions about the safety of students especially from north eastern states. St Philomena's college principal Rev Fr Leslie Moras said they requested police to provide protection near the college campus and also at the hostel. Students have been strictly told to not to move out of the campus.JSS Law college principal K S Suresh said their students have been advised to move in groups and avoid going out for sometime as a precaution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15518161", "title": "People from northeast flee Bangalore despite government's assurances", "text": "BANGALORE: Southwestern railway has sold over 2020 tickets for passengers from northeast who had booked tickets to go to Assam by 2pm on Thursday. The authorities have announced another special train to Guwahati, departing from Bangalore City station at 8pm.The railways have already sent over 6900 natives of northeast home by two special trains and the regular Bangalore City-Guwahati express on Wednesday night. On Thursday, the situation at the city railway station was chaotic as thousands of northeast people and Nepal, Bhutan and Tibet nationals thronged to get tickets and leave the city, as early as possible. Many of them have not even got any tickets but are not ready to get back to their houses in Bangalore.While most of them said that they heard some news on word of mouth that there is a threat to their lives, many said that their parents called them back to their native and some others shared their experiences of being harassed by unknown people.\"We work in the TVS company and we heard it from others of our clan in the city that there is a threat to our lives. The company officials asked us to leave the city until safety is reassured. We came by a train from Hosur and now waiting here to get tickets to go to our village in Odalguri district in Assam,\" said Pabitro Borua.Even security guards and office helpers from Fortis Hospital and hotel workers of Bowring Institute have informed their offices and are fleeing from the city. \"We are afraid what is going to happen. We have only heard of instances in Neelansandra where some of the northeast natives have been killed. We do not know who are these people who are threatening us, whether they are Muslims or Hindus but we are just scared and we trust no one,\" said Akash Ali, native of Tripura and an office helper in Fortis Hospital on Bannerghatta road.\"We got calls from our families in Assam that there is violence against northeast residents in Bangalore and south India. Although we are afraid of going home because the situation over there is equally worse, but we would be rest assured if we are amidst our people. We definitely feel insecure in these states,\" said Nirol Nagajhari, native of Odalguri district in Assam.Nagajhari was working in a quarry in Kerala. He is now going back with many young boys, who had come to work with him from his village, in hope of earning money and helping their families.Most of these folks who are afraid and who have received such messages or heard from others are either security guards or hotel workers or service boys or salon employees. Students in colleges and people working in IT sector or companies in the city belonging from the northeastern states were not among the ones who are thronging the railway stations.Railway authorities and state police have deployed platoons of police force to monitor the chaos at the stations and also to ensure their safety here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15509347", "title": "Liquor sale ban in Paravada", "text": "In view of the tense situation prevailing in the strife-torn village of Muthyalapalem, Parawada mandal, on the outskirts of Visakhapatnam, district collector Luv Agarwal passed an order prohibiting the sale of liquor within five kilometer radius of the village for the next 15 days. Following the order, liquor would not be made available in the villages of Parawada, Vadachipurupalli, Tikkavanipalem and Muthyalapalem. Prohibitory orders under Section 144 have already been in force in the village, as a result of clashes between supporters of TDP on one hand and the Congress and YSRCP on the other.Stationer's suicide threatA stationery shop owner created a flutter here on Wednesday by locking himself up in the district irrigation office demanding immediate sanction of pending bills. Prakash Rao Deshmukh, who runs a stationery shop on the Railway Station road in Nizamabad, came to the deputy executive engineer office at around 4 pm along with a kerosene bottle and locked himself up in the office. In spite of pleas from superintendent engineer, irrigation, K Bhagavanth Rao and town DSP J Ram Mohan Rao, the shop-keeper refused to relent and threatened to commit suicide if the pending bills worth Rs 4 lakh were not cleared. The officials, however, said the dues were only Rs 1.70 lakh. Prakash, a resident of Brahmapuri Colony, said he would not come out of the office until he was paid the pending bills. Stating that he had supplied stationery material and photocopy worth Rs 4 lakh to deputy EE L Narsimhulu, the trader said he had waited for four years.He came out after the SE assured him that he would clear the bills.Youth jailed for murder attemptA Gurazala court in Guntur district sentenced a youth to seven years in jail for attempting to kill a girl for spurning him. Confirming the charges against the accused Parimi Narasimha Rao, assistant sessions judge P Gandhi on Tuesday imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 on the youth besides the jail term. Narasimha Rao attacked the girl, Kalyani, with a sickle at a function hall in Gurazala during her sister's marriage in 2008. Narasimha Rao, 25, working at a private company in Hyderabad, pestered Kalyani to marry him. Kalyani, who also works in a private firm in Hyderabad, refused his proposal. Nursing a grudge, Narasimha Rao hatched a plan to eliminate her. He reached Kalyani's native place of Janardhanapuram in Gurazala mandal upon learning that Kalyani was visiting home to attend her sister's marriage. He confronted her and attacked her with the sharp weapon when she spurned his proposal. Locals rushed the grievously injured Kalyani to hospital.tnn Rao, who escaped from the scene, was arrested later.Both Rao and Kalyani are residents of Janardhanapuram and developed a friendship over a period of time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511068", "title": "Marol case: Driver's custody extended", "text": "MUMBAI: The local court on Tuesday extended the judicial custody of 22-year-old Lalit Sharma, whose car allegedly mowed down two pedestrians at Marol on July 30. Sharma was inebriated when the accident took place. He will be in judicial custody till August 28.The two victims' family members, who are related, are currently in Nepal. They will file a complaint in court on their return to the city to seek compensation from the accused.The MIDC police said Himlal Khanal (44) was thrown off Vijay Nagar bridge at Marol after the speeding vehicle hit him while his cousin, Min Bahadur Chhetri (51), was dragged some 50 metres after his head got stuck in the windscreen of Sharma's car. It eventually hit a divider.The incident occurred around 12.20am when Sharma, an MBA employed as a manager in a courier company, was returning home in his Maruti Swift from a friend's party at Sher-e-Punjab in Andheri (East). \"Sharma's medical report confirmed that he was under the influence of alcohol when he knocked down the two cousins. He is in custody,\" said MIDC police senior inspector S L Hujband.Sharma was booked for culpable homicide not amounting to murder under the Indian Penal Code's Section 304 (II). His medical examination confirmed that he had consumed alcohol.Chhetri and Khanal were walking towards Sainath Nagar in the vicinity when they were suddenly hit by the car from the rear. The cousins were returning home from their respective workplaces. Locals who were present at the spot rushed them to Seven Hills Hospital where they were declared dead on arrival, having suffered grievous head injuries. \"Sharma tried his best to flee from the spot but failed after locals nabbed him and handed him to the police. He was unable to stand due to heavy consumption of liquor,\" said the investigators.Meanwhile, the victims' relatives and friends are waiting for their wife and children to return from Nepal so that they can lodge a fresh complaint in court seeking compensation. \"We had sent Chhetri and Khanal's wives and children to their native in Nepal so that they can get support of their family members during the tough time,\" their close friend, Atin Mhatre, told TOI on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15510402", "title": "Karnataka priests refused entry into Madurai Adheenam, stage protest", "text": "MADURAI: A group of priests from Karnataka created a flutter in front of the Madurai Adheenam, after they were refused entry on Wednesday.They raised slogans against Nithyananda and refused to leave the place till evening demanding entry into the mutt. Police said that the eight priests from the Kodi Mutt in Karnataka, led by mutt head Yogeshwar Rishi Kumar arrived at the Madurai Adheenam on Wednesday morning. However, the mutt employees refused to allow them inside saying that adheenam pontiff Arunagirinatha Desikar was not willing to meet them.Kumar and others claimed that they were at the adheenam only at the invitation of Desikar. They later requested to be let in at least to offer worship in the mutt. But the mutt employees did not budge and closed the main gate. Kumar and other priests immediately sat in front of the gate and started raising slogans against Nithyananda. The controversial self-styled godman Nithyananda, who was anointed as the 293rd pontiff was, however, not in the mutt when the protests took place.\"We visited Madurai only at the invitation of the senior pontiff of Madurai Adheenam. We came here on Tuesday, but were turned away by the adheeenam staff who asked us to come today (Wednesday). But they did not allow us inside,\" Kumar told reporters.As the gates were not opened, the priests started performing poojas in front of the gate itself. Later, the police pacified them and got them to disperse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517188", "title": "Yashji wants title on love and beliefs: SRK", "text": "Yash Chopra's next starring Shah Rukh Khan doesn't have a title yet. SRK says Chopra has something in mind though.Shah Rukh Khan and Yash Chopra are come together for a film after several years. However, the name of the film is still kept under wraps. It was expected to be announced with the first teaser, but that did not happen.\"Never before has a film's trailer been released without its title. This one insinuates that it just may be called 'Yash Chopra's romance'. However, the teaser does confirm that the film will release on Diwali,\" says an insider.There is no doubt that both the big names are romance tycoon, hence the expectations are high. The teaser also takes us through various iconic films from the Yash Chopra stable such as Deewar, Kabhi Kabhie, Silsila and Dil Toh Pagal Hai .Chopra's film's title has been talked about a lot these days. A few days ago, SRK was heard talking about it at an event. \"For now, it's important to know that it's my film and it's coming out on Diwali. Naam mein kya rakha hai? (What's in a name?),\" he said, clarifying that none of this is a marketing strategy. \"We want a title that can encompass something that can't be destroyed, such as love and beliefs. Yashji has something in mind though.\"Rumours have it that Yash Raj Films is likely to come out with the title once the film's final schedule ends in Kashmir and Ladakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15509264", "title": "Managing committee to decide on interim president for MCA", "text": "MUMBAI: The managing committee of the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) will take a final call on who replaces Vilasrao Deshmukh as the next president.Deshmukh, who had won the MCA president elections last year defeating former India batsman Dilip Vengsarkar , passed away on Tuesday afternoon following a multiple organ failure.The MCA recently amended its constitution which had earlier held that the closest loser in the election will replace the president. The amended constitution says the managing committee will take the final call and therefore Vengsarkar, who is not a member of the MCA managing committee has no role to play here. It had been erroneously reported that former vice president Vengsarkar would take over, which was later clarified by the MCA.Senior vice-president of the MCA Ratnakar Shetty is expected to replace Deshmukh. In turn, Shetty may be replaced by joint secretary PV Shetty while PV Shetty's position will be taken up by managing committee member Vinod Deshpande.Former India cricketer Karsan Ghavri may get into the managing committee.Shetty has been part of the MCA for years, also serving as secretary and treasurer in the past. Vilasrao, who passed away in a Chennai hospital, was the second president of the MCA to die in office after SK Wankhede in 1987. The managing committee will soon take decision on who from within the committee and office bearers, would head the MCA till next year's elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15516779", "title": "The Gateway Hotel relaunches its Cardamom restaurant", "text": "MANGALORE: The Gateway Hotel Mangalore is all set to re-launch Cardamom - the specialty west coast cuisine restaurant in its new avatar. The restaurant offers menu that includes traditional home style Mangalorean cuisine along with authentic delicacies from the west coast of India. Peter Nirmal, General Manager, The Gateway Hotel Mangalore, said, \"Our objective is to give a fresh, modern feel to Cardamom.\"Describing the re-launch of the restaurant as a momentous occasion, Peter said the Hotel is committed to providing a special experience to patrons. The new and revamped menu will offer a selection of different foods that delight the guests and in prices that are not only extremely competitive but benchmarked to rates offered in other leading restaurants across the city, he said with prices for dishes ranging from Rs 105-Rs320.Cardamom recreates the robust richness of India's west coast cuisine. Executive Chef Michael Saju will showcase specialty dishes like Meen Pollichathu, Allepy fish curryfrom the coast of Kerala, and Cafreal, prawn balchao and Goan fish curryfrom Goa. The restaurant also offers Mangalorean cuisine with dishes like Kori Roti, Yetti Da Podi Chutney, Anjal da kajippu; vegetarian delicacies include a nanas menasukaiand Dal Thove.Across destinations, The Gateway Hotels offer home-style food from each of the regions where they are located. Chefs undertake research to perfect the philosophy and taste of each regional cuisine, visiting homes in each locality and working with homemakers in their kitchens to understand nuances of simple yet unique touches in food cooked at home. Home style cooking uses fresh ingredients that are picked up the same day, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15510129", "title": "Noida residents may move court over inflated bills", "text": "NOIDA: The residents of Noida seem to be gearing up for a long battle with Noida Authority over the arbitrary and bizarre manner in which highly-inflated water bills have been sent to them. This was reported in TOI on Wednesday, drawing instant criticism from all over the country. Many of them are now considering going to court since the Authority seems to be simply throwing the rule book at them.\"We are only doing what should have been done several years ago. The system should have been updated and residents should have been asked for dues earlier. They will have to pay up,\" said Sanjiv Saran, CEO, Noida Authority. \"It is understandable that when we ask residents to pay arrears in lumpsum, the amount might appear shockingly huge. So, the Noida board has approved an amnesty scheme (read 30 per cent waiver on penalties if payment is made immediately). However, it is not as if there is no room for reconciliation. All those with genuine grievances regarding their bills can visit us on any working day and get their problems sorted out,\" he said.The Authority needs to explain why the residents should pay with retrospective effect when they were paying charges fixed by the Authority all these years and why the charges were not raised earlier. Will there be a transparent mechanism to address grievances or will this open new avenues for bribes? Several prominent residents have decided to meet the CEO on Thursday to seek answers.Last year too there had been a scare when highly inflated bills were sent out to about 200 residents, most of whom had been paying regularly. \"I was sent a bill of arrears amounting to Rs 13,000 on the ground of wrong categorization of my flat, but when I showed my old receipts, my arrears came down to just Rs 2,000,\" said Commander (Retd.) Narendra Mahajan, a resident of Sector 21. He then formed a delegation of people similarly affected and has been making rounds of the Authority offices since then. \"The problem is now beyond repair and the only option left is to file a PIL,\" he said.RTI activist Commodore Lokesh Batra, a resident of Sector 25 (Jalvayu Vihar), received a bill of Rs 16,000 and was asked to produce receipts since 1990. \"Thankfully, I had kept the old receipts and my arrears were waived off. This is not the right way of claiming dues. The residents must get together and approach the Noida board or the judiciary,\" Batra said.\"We are not defaulters that the Authority has to draw up an amnesty scheme. It must acknowledge that a mistake has been made and the bills must be withdrawn. Otherwise, we will be forced to stage a protest,\" said N P Singh, president, Federation of Noida Residents Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515922", "title": "R-Patz's love woes likened to that of Charles and Di", "text": "Robert Pattinson found himself squirming in his seat during an interview, when the host likened his romantic woes to the famously troubled relationship between England's Prince Charles and Princess Diana.However, the interviewer met with boos from the star's large female audience after his distasteful pun on the Brit heartthrob fell flat.\"So if you and Kristen have trouble it's like Charles and Di having trouble?\" the host asked Pattinson as he appeared on 'TimesTalks' on Wednesday night.But the audience, both in studio and online, didn't seem to be really happy about the enquiry hit out at the interviewer, the New York Daily News reported.\"Next question,\" someone shouted from the stands.\"Come on,\" another said.Meanwhile the online vitriol was a bit more direct.\"What a flipping idiot,\" a user named Elaine Turner chimed in on the live stream.\"I was hoping that this was one guy that would have enough respect for Rob not to go there. Disappointed,\" viewer Launi Pettersson lamented.And while on one hand the 26-year-old's were left outraged, even Pattinson seemed unprepared.\"Well, uh, Charles,\" the star managed to say, but the host soon moved the conversation forward, stating, \"I wasn't really going there, just so you know.\"\"No, I wouldn't go that far,\" Pattinson answered.\"Things fall apart when they're supposed to fall apart,\" Pattinson finally said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509537", "title": "Trawlers can't leave jetties sans life jackets for crew", "text": "PANAJI: The South Goa collector, who is also the chairperson of the South Goa district disaster management authority, issued an order banning fishing trawlers from leaving the jetties until all their crew members wear life jackets.The collector has also directed the fisheries department officers deputed at the jetties to ensure that all the boats are equipped with the necessary life-saving equipment as stipulated by various laws applicable in Goa and that the equipment is functioning properly.The collector has warned that violation of above order will be considered an offence under Section 55 of the act and that the head of the department concerned shall be deemed to be guilty of the offence and be liable for prosecution and punishment. The collector's order states that the violation of this order will also be an offence under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code, 1860. The order will come into force with immediate effect.This order of the South Goa collector follows a near-tragedy that occurred in South Goa on August 4. The collector has mentioned that on that day, a fishing trawler carrying 34 persons got stuck in the middle of the sea as its fishing net got entangled with its fan. The trawler-crew was in distress in the high seas of the coast of Varca.After contacting the captain of the trawler, it was learnt that out of 34 persons on the boat not a single person had a life jacket and the trawler did not have any safety equipment. It was learned that more than 50% persons on the trawler did not know to swim. The panicky crew were finally brought to shore by lifeguards with the help of jet skis, states the notification in the official gazette.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15512987", "title": "Govt should not give in to blackmail by Delhi's autorickshaws", "text": "The autorickshaws of Delhi have been holding the city to ransom all these years and the government has done very little to stop their harassment of commuters. They have stalled all reforms and refused to be disciplined.By overcharging,misbehaving and refusing to take passengers,they have reduced a useful mode of public transport to a nightmare.Their opposition to installing GPS is well-known. The government should not give in to their blackmail and buckle under pressure as it has done on many earlier occasions.Their welfare should definitely be ensured but installing a GPS system has got nothing to do with it. For once,the government must think about the commuters welfare and stick to its stand. It should also ensure that all other reforms are enforced if it is serious about making public transport attractive.Related story : GPS: Auto unions stall issuing of new permits", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15512924", "title": "We must resolve to be good citizens: PAU VC", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sixty sixth Independence Day was celebrated at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) with great enthusiasm. PAU Vice Chancellor, Baldev Singh Dhillon unfurled the national tricolor and offered Independence Day greetings to the audience comprising officers, faculty, staff and students of PAU.Paying great tributes to the national heroes, Dhillon said we are enjoying the freedom becuase of the sacrifices made by our freedom fighters like Bhagat Singh, Rajguru, Sukhdev and many more. Punjab payed a big role in the Independence movement, he said, adding that 120 person from Punjab were hanged and many more were imprisoned during the independence movement.Recollecting that India made remarkable progress after independence, Dhillon said, hard working Punjabi farmers have made great contributions towards the food security of the country. \"\"Since sixties, when the country was deficit in food, we have taken a giant leap forward to become a food surplus nation. We have made great strides but at the same time depleted our natural resources\"\", he said. He called upon the university scientists and especially the extension people to find new ways to reach the farmers through innovative extension methods.D hillon further said that to maintain the freedom and peace, we must resolve to work hard and be good citizens. We cannot progress without being good citizens, he said. He showed a great concern for increasing drug abuse among youth and urged to eradicate this menace which is eating away our youth, he said. He was also critical of the increasing instances of defiance of traffic rules. \"\"We must act as a responsible citizens\"\", he said.Earlier, D.S. Cheema, Director of Students Welfare, formally welcomed the Chief Guest and others, Dr. Dhillon took the salute and inspected the parade by NCC cadets. The celebrations concluded with distribution of sweets to all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509418", "title": "Record 1.5L footfall at flower show", "text": "BANGALORE: Lakhs of flowers were in full bloom and a record 1.5 lakh people were all smiles at the Lalbagh flower show on Wednesday. The day's entry-fee collections were a whopping Rs 45 lakh.Horticulture department officials told TOI, \"Today being the last day of the event and also a holiday, we had anticipated a huge crowd. All arrangements like battery-operated cars, toilets, drinking water facilities and eateries had been put in place to ensure there was no chaos.\"M Jagadeesh, joint director, horticulture department, said Wednesday's turnout for the Independence Day flower show was an all-time record for a single day.But the huge turnout left all roads leading to the botanical gardens in disarray. Lalbagh Road, Double Road, RV Road, Vani Villas Road, Lalbagh Fort Road, Krumbigal Road and Hosur Main Road were chock-a-block with bumper-to-bumper traffic through the day.Huge crowds at bus stands around the park and haphazard parking by private buses from Hosur Road to City Market added to the chaos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510160", "title": "Fewer kids from India finding homes abroad", "text": "NEW DELHI: Signalling a slow fading away of the stigma attached to adoption, fewer Indian kids are being given away to foster parents abroad. The reason: An increasing number of couples within the country are willing to adopt.Stricter norms for inter-country adoption have also played a role in checking the number of children being adopted by foreigners. The latest data of the Central Adoption Resource Agency, an agency under the women and child development ministry, reveals that in the past six years, adoptions by foreign nationals has come down by almost a third.In 2006, about 853 children were adopted by foreign nationals. By last year, the number had reduced to 589. During the same period, adoptions by Indian families saw a 60% rise.There has been a drastic increase in the number of couples in the country willing to adopt. While only 2,409 children were adopted by Indians in 2006, the figure last year stood at 5,905.The numbers, say officials, show a positive change in favour of the idea of adoption. At the same time, recently notified guidelines have made the procedure for inter-country adoptions stricter, with the Indian agency keeping a close watch on the procedure. In 2008, the total number of inter-country adoptions were 821. In 2009, it fell to 666 and then further to 593 in 2010.\"The adoption scene has definitely changed over the past few years. The steady fall in inter-country adoption does not mean that the number of requests from foreign couples has declined. These adoptions have come down because our first priority is an Indian home.\"We prefer Indian families over the foreign ones for the reason that a child should preferably grow up in an environment that is close to his or her roots and imbibe that culture,\" said Dr Jagganath Pati, joint director of CARA.Another reason for a rise in in-country adoption is because of CARA's efforts to spread awareness about adoption. \"We have held many campaigns and have made people aware about the benefits of adoption. Now, more Indian couples find the option of adoption favourable,\" he added.In comparison, number of adoptions within the country have been on the rise. In 2008, the number of in-country adoptions were 2,169. In 2009, it was 1,852 and in 2010 it was 5,693. And last year, the number of in-country adoptions were 5905.The statistics also show an overall rise in adoptions. With US, Italy and Spain being the top three countries wanting to adopt from India, CARA says they mostly adopt children with special needs - like kids with mental or physical disability or ones who are older and have been turned down by Indian foster parents.\"But then again, we keep a close watch and even the government of the other countries also send us the report of %the child to make sure their needs are being taken care of,\" Dr Pati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511165", "title": "Fishermen rescue Class 10 student from sea off Marina", "text": "CHENNAI: A 16-year-old boy dragged in by waves off the Marina on Wednesday was rescued by a group of fishermen. The boy, who found it difficult to breathe, was taken to the Government General Hospital. He was discharged later.Vignesh, a Class 10 student from Ambattur, was playing with Angel, Appu, Thirumoorthy and his brother Mahesh when he was pulled in. His friends cried out for help and a few fishermen rushed to the spot.\"Vignesh was struggling in the water when we caught hold of his hair and pulled him out. By then he had consumed a lot of water and sand. But he was lucky, he just had some minor breathing difficulties,\" said Anandan, a fisherman.Police say that people continue to swim in the sea off the Marina despite warning boards being put up at several places on the stretch between Anna Square and Labour statue.\"Around 60 personnel patrol the beach every day to stop people from entering the sea,\" said Anna Square inspector A C Gnanasekaran.Fishermen from the nearby settlements also keep vigil throughout the day, particularly during weekends and the festival season.However, they have their limitations. \"We are helpless when people venture deep into the sea. We can pull people only from a short distance. Even regular swimmers do not have an idea about the power of the waves. They fail to realise that they have to avoid getting caught in the waves while swimming back to the shore,\" said Arumugham, a fisherman who has rescued at least 20 people.A majority of them, he said, were school and college students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514260", "title": "Only good guys for me, says JLo", "text": "Thrice married Jennifer Lopez who is currently dating dancer Casper Smart , insists that she will never stop believing in love and only dates men who will treat her well.She also revealed that she likes good and sweet guys.\"The most important quality the man in my life should have is that he is sweet,\" Contactmusic quoted her as telling Instyle Magazine.\"I like the good guys... The hard part is that you never stop believing in love. You never stop. But that's also the best part. You never stop believing, and you never, ever give up,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15516099", "title": "Scientists discover one of the biggest structures in the Universe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cosmic records are tumbling as an MIT-led team of scientists announced the discovery of the biggest structure in the Universe - the Phoenix galaxy cluster.Located 7 billion light years away, the humungous cluster of galaxies is bound together by gravity. It measures about 7.3 million light years across, contains 3 trillion stars and has a mass of 2500 trillion times the mass of our Sun.\"I would say it's in a dead heat for the most massive galaxy cluster,\" Michael McDonald of MIT, lead author of the study describing Phoenix's remarkable properties, told SPACE.com. \"The record-holder, 'El Gordo,' is slightly more massive, but the uncertainty in this estimate is high - it could turn out that with more careful measurements, Phoenix is more massive.\"For comparison, the Milky Way, in which our Solar System is located contains just 200 billion stars.Phoenix is producing stars at an unprecedented rate of about 740 per year, about 5 times more than the previous record holder, the Abell 1835 cluster, says McDonald. Milky Way produces about one or two stars every year.Phoenix was first noticed in 2010 by the 10-meter South Pole Telescope in Antarctica. Researchers flagged it as another interesting object to be studied. McDonald and his colleagues recently used the space-based Chandra X-Ray Observatory - named after Indian born astrophysicist S. Chandrasekhar - to study the most massive clusters identified by the South Pole Telescope. Immediately, the Phoenix cluster stood out in the X-ray data as the brightest of the clusters - a finding that prompted McDonald to follow up with more observations of the cluster from more telescopes.The team ultimately acquired images of the Phoenix cluster from 10 different telescopes in space and on the ground around the world. Each telescope observed the cluster at different wavelengths, illuminating different features of it.\"The central black hole is very bright in the X-ray, but the star formation is very bright in the optical and ultraviolet,\" McDonald says. \"So you need to work together with all these different telescopes to get a complete view.\"The Phoenix cluster also breaks the record for being the brightest cluster in the X-ray radiation spectrum. The gas in the cluster is about 200 million degrees F, much hotter than in the Milky Way.The black hole at the center of Phoenix is estimated to have about 10 billion times the mass of Sun, making it the biggest black hole discivered so far. The Milky Way's central black hole is about 4 million solar masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15521114", "title": "Bimal Agarwal's custody to end on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: The police custody of city based businessman Bimal Agarwal, arrested for his involvement in the bomb suit scam, will end on Friday. He will be produced before additional chief metropolitan magistrate S S Agarwal.The economic offences wing (EOW) has registered a case against Agarwal for cheating the state government of Rs 6.25 crore by giving low-quality bomb disposal suits.While seeking his custody on Tuesday, the public prosecutor said that since he is the direct beneficiary of the defrauded amount, his custody was needed to ascertain the end use of the funds. She said some documents are yet to be recovered and the EOW wanted to probe if there is any involvement of government officials.The EOW said that searches revealed that 7 companies were operating from a Malad office, indicating possibility of fake firms. Agarwal was arrested after a sessions court rejected his anticipatory bail plea on Monday.Following the 26/11 attacks, the DGP's office issued tenders for 74 bomb disposal suits in Dec 2008 and eight suits in Feb 2009. A contract for 82 suits was awarded to Agarwal and a payment of Rs 6.25 crore was made to him on March 31, 2009. But he did not deliver a single bomb disposal suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15521214", "title": "Mysore police convene peace meeting", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city police held a peace meeting with various community leaders including Tibetans and Muslims on Wednesday. City police chief K L Sudheer has appealed them to maintain harmony and not to indulge in any violence.Bylakuppe Tibetan settlement officer Jampa Phuntsok told TOI that they have apprised about the situation to all community leaders that misleading posts against Tibetans on social networking site is being forwarded, during the meeting. He appealed them not to believe such posts and sought their continued cooperation.MLA Tanveer Sait who attended the meeting too has promised to support the city police in maintaining law and order, an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510173", "title": "RWA asks govt to remove cell tower", "text": "NEW DELHI: Worried over the ill effects of mobile tower radiation, a group of residents from Safdarjung Enclave has moved the government for removal of a mobile tower from their area.Dinesh Goel, the local RWA president, said at least two people living near the house which has the tower atop it have been diagnosed with cancer.\"The residents of our colony have been complaining of all the ill-effects of this tower leading to frequent bouts of illness, depression and chronic ailments. Consequently, our RWA discussed this matter and are of the opinion that the installed transmission tower probably emits some ray that is leading to health problems ,\" said Goel.Worldwide, more than 100 largescale studies have been conducted over the past few decades but no conclusive evidence has been found between the health risks associated with radiation exposure from mobile towers and phones.Dr Jonathan Samet, the chairman of the WHO-appointed working group of 31 scientists from 14 countries who assessed the possible health risks associated with wireless phone use, said last May, \"The evidence, while still accumulating, is strong enough to support a conclusion and the 2B classification. The conclusion means that there could be some risk, and, therefore, we need to keep a close watch on cellphones and cancer risk.\"However, the cellular operators maintain that the health risks being associated with radiation exposure have not been proved yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15520516", "title": "Garbage collection route to be marked on Chennai's map.", "text": "CHENNAI: From now on, every conservancy worker's garbage collection route along a stretch of road or set of blocks will be marked on a map of the ward or zone. in the city So, if there is a shortfall or problem in a territory, it would be easier to address it through a specific person. This is part of the many measures, the civic body plans to undertake in a bid to improve their garbage collection operations.In a fast-track measure to address the plenty of complaints pouring in from residents on piling garbage, the civic body on Thursday held a review meeting to come up with various measures to improve their efficiency. One of the highlights are mapping of a conservancy worker's territory and reviving the SMS system to monitor daily collection. The SMS system which was former commissioner PWC Davidar's brainchild was found to be suffering a slow death, with many engineers not sending messages.It has now been decided that a conservancy worker will be allotted a particular stretch of 500 metres, on which he will be expected to do street sweeping or door-to-door collection via tricycles. They say, it will also be easier for residents to get their complaints addressed, if they know the worker who will be visiting them on a daily basis. When each of them finish they will report to the conservancy inspector. The inspector will send an SMS when the door-to-door collection and sweeping in his zone is completed. When work in all the wards in a zone is completed for the day, the assistant commissioner will send an SMS to the common number.The corporation has also decided to hire a set of lorries on a temporary basis in areas where they have not built the blue colour garbage collection centres. The lorries will come to a street and directly empty the garbage from the tri-cycles plying in the area. \"Areas where they dint have enclosures, we found workers emptying tri-cycles on a street corner, from which the lorry would collect it. Now since the garbage will be transferred to the truck, piles of garbage will not be found in street corners,\" said a corporation official.Zonal commissioners and engineers have been asked to recruit more workers, to stem the staff shortage in their areas. The shortage of manpower has been one of the primary reasons for poor conservancy operations in north and central Chennai. \"We have decided to recruit 2,000 more people. In the zone, they have been asked to do as per requirement. They have also been asked to recruit from the local area, so that they will not find it tough to report to work,\" said the official.The civic body has also decided to buy 2,000 new garbage bins and 500 new tri-cycles for zones across the city. Conservancy workers for the first time are all set to get a pair of gloves, to protect them from skin diseases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15514740", "title": "Poor visibility, Dubai flight diverted to Calicut", "text": "MANGALORE: Poor visibility conditions forced the Air India Express 814 flight from Dubai to be diverted to Calicut on Thursday. It also disrupted the schedule of the domestic flight from Bangalore which landed here two hours late at 10 am.Air India authorities said that the visibility was very poor, less than 100 mts, hence the flight was diverted to Calicut. The flight arrived at Bajpe airport at 1.30 pm, after it got replacement crew. This flight will leave for Dubai later in the night.The Civil Aviation rules are very strict. After the requisite Flying Duty Time Limit, the crew has to be replaced whether they have reached the intended destination or not. The replacement crew took over at Calicut,'' the authority added. The flight was scheduled to land at 6.25 am.Meanwhile, the Tuesday's Dubai flight, which hard landed on the tarmac, was cleared to fly by the authorities after inspection on Wednesday and it flew to Abu Dhabi at 10 am.The Air India official said hard landings were common during monsoon to prevent any untoward incident. Tuesday's landing by Flight 814 was not an emergency landing. Though the visibility was poor, the vertical visibility may have been good and the pilot landed safely. The tyres were not damaged, but they scraped when the brakes were applied hard - hence the tyre marks on the tarmac,'' said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15516718", "title": "Varsity seeks greater financial powers", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has moved a proposal to the office of the Maharashtra governor and chancellor of the state universities, seeking more powers to enable it commission mega development projects on the varsity's sprawling 411 acre campus. \"The governor has shown a very favourable disposition towards our proposal during our discussions with him recently and we expect the proposal to be cleared soon,\" a senior member of the UoP management council told TOI. He said, \"As of now, there is a cap on the cost of projects, which the university can execute on its own. We can not commission projects involving more than Rs 2.5 crore cost or projects that need hiring of professional external agencies.\" The university is in the process of executing an ambitious plan of constructing at least 42 new buildings and facilities as part of its campus development programme. However, some of these projects like the construction of a modern sports complex, convention centre, students' facilitation centre and social science complex, among others, have been pending for quite a long time. One of the reasons forwarded by the university authorities is that the varsity has limitations when it comes to engaging external agencies for implementing projects involving more than Rs 2.5 crore cost. More often, the pending projects keep regularly featuring in the university's budget with apt financial provisions but, have failed to take off due to varied reasons. This prompted the UoP management council to move the proposal seeking greater financial powers, to the governor's office. \"The governor's office has extended such powers to some of the existing state universities and we are hopeful of getting the same in a month's time,\" the management council member said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511061", "title": "Protesters snatched guns, fired in air, show videos", "text": "MUMBAI: The special investigating team (SIT) probing Saturday's violence outside Azad Maidan has found from video footage that a section of protesters snatched self-loading rifles (SLRs) from policemen and started firing in the air. One clip shows a man in his thirties wearing kurta pyjama walking around with an SLR. He was wearing kurta-pyjama, sported a beard and wore a skull cap.His identity is yet to be established.\"There are other videos where the protesters are seen snatching the rifles from the police and firing in the air,\" a senior crime branch officer said.Police had to resort to firing to control the mob that went on the rampage. Two persons were killed and 63 injured, including 58 policemen, in the violence. Autopsy reports of the two dead have confirmed that they died from bullet injuries but it is not known whether they died in police firing or stray bullets from the snatched rifles hit them. Police also suspect that private firearms were used during the violence.Two SLRs, 150 rounds of ammunition and a service pistol of a police inspector were snatched by the mob. The police have been able to recover two SLRs and 29 rounds of ammunition but the rest are still missing.So far, 23 people have been arrested in connection with the violence and charged with attempt to murder, rioting, molestation and destruction of properties and have been remanded in custody till August 19. But police officials said around five-six of them may be innocent and will be released. \"Once we are sure that a few of the arrested boys have no role to play, we will move the court asking them to discharge them under section 169 of the CrPC,\" the officer said.On Wednesday, the SIT detained three more people from Dongri to probe their involvement in Saturday's rioting. \"The three had injury marks on their bodies and they told us that they were beaten up by the mob. They admitted to their presence at Azad Maidan but said they had come to see what was happening there. We will arrest them depending on the role they played in the violence,\" the officer said.The police are also focusing on identifying two youths who desecrated the 1857 Martyrs' Memorial near Azad Maidan, the venue of the protest. \"We have activated all our informants and are hoping to get a lead soon,\" a police source said. The police have sent the suspects' photographs to all the police stations and its network of informants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513613", "title": "Samyuktha Varma is an inspiration: Uthara Unni", "text": "Uthara Unni has been breathing films even before she decided to debut in tinseltown, what with her family dotted with actors who have made a mark in the film industry.While her mother, Urmila Unni, has been instrumental in her landing a good debut in Mollywood and Kollywood with Edavapathy and Enakku Vaytha Nanbargal Ippadi - the shooting of which is currently on - the debutant says that her cousin and actress, Samyuktha Varma, has been an inspiration too.\"She hasn't given me any tips as such. But when she talks about her innings in filmdom and her experiences on the sets of each film she had done, that is informative enough,\" says Uthara, adding, \"For that matter, even her husband and actor, Biju Menon, doesn't instruct me on how to go about my career in filmdom.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15509510", "title": "CM promises city more water, more Metro links", "text": "Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar spoke candidly about the law &amp; order situation in the state and promised to initiate stringent measures to improve it.\"We'll make all efforts to rebuild trust in the government and instill confidence among people,'' Shettar said during his Independence Day speech after hoisting the tricolour at the Field Marshal Manekshaw Parade Grounds in Bangalore on Wednesday.ON LAW &amp; ORDERShettar rued the attack on girls at a home stay in Mangalore recently and recent crime in around Bangalore city. \"Though the government took initiatives to maintain law &amp; order and keep the Naxal menace at bay in the past four years, certain incidents are returning to haunt the government,'' he added. He said police didn't allow the situation to worsen but they need to do a lot more.In his 20-minute speech, Shettar outlined his priorities for Bangalore city, which included infrastructure development, augmentation of drinking water and expediting Metro rail projects.WATER PROMISEHe announced that some new areas on the city's periphery will start getting Cauvery water with the Bangalore Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board planning to partially commission Cauvery Stage IV Phase II by August and completely by November. This will augment the supply of 900 million litres per day (MLD) by another 500 MLD, he said. \"Phase 1 of Metro rail will be completed in 2014 and approval has been given for the 73-km Phase-II project at Rs 26,405 crore which is expected to be completed by 2018,'' he addedHe claimed the state's financial position is strong and said the government had fixed the plan size for 2012-13 at Rs 42,030 crore, which is 10% more than Rs 38,070 crore spent during 2011-12. \"Fiscal deficit has been limited to 2.94% of state GSDP, which is well within 3% fixed by the Centre. The revenue surplus of Rs 931 crore has been achieved,\" he saidON DROUGHTNoting that the drought situation was still alarming despite belated in the past fortnight, Shettar said he hoped the situation will improve if the monsoon remained active till next month. \"It's a good sign that our reservoirs have started filling. But the next 15-20 days will be crucial. We've stepped up drought relief,\" Shettar asserted.The speech was followed by an hour-long cultural programme, including singing of the state anthem Nada Geethe, folk music and dances featuring sacrifices by hundreds of freedom-fighters and a judo contest.Filed by Manu / cleared by / es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15515271", "title": "India name 12-member team for FIBA Asia U-18 Championship", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Thursday named a 12-member team for the 22nd FIBA Asia U-18 men's basketball championship to be held in Mongolia from August 17 to 26.According to a statement from the Basketball Federation of India (BFI), the national team was handpicked after a selection camp held at the Indira Gandhi Stadium on August 1.India have placed in Group A alongside China, Hong Kong and Lebanon in the 16-team tournament.The other groups in the championship are: Group B: Korea, Japan, Singapore and Syria; Group C: Chinese Taipei, Indonesia, Bahrain and Mongolia; Group D: Iran, Kazakhstan, Philippines and Saudi Arabia.The Asia U-18 championship is the qualifying event for next year's FIBA U-19 World championship to be held in Czech Republic from June 27 to July 7, 2013. The top three teams from the tournament will qualify for the world meet.Indian squad: Akash Bhasin, Khusmeet Singh Atwal, Karthickeyan Saminathan, Sreerag Narayanan Nair, Loveneet Singh, Amit Kanarjee, Narender, Shyam Sunder, Karan Harold Joshua, Rakesh, Ajay Pratap Singh, Palpreet Singh Brar.Coach: Jai Prakash Singh Assistant Coach: Pawan Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15512629", "title": "Over 1 crore rupees raised for Wisconsin gurdwara shooting victims", "text": "WASHINGTON: In 10 days after the tragic shootout that killed six worshippers and left three others injured, Sikh community in Wisconsin have raised over Rs 1.4 crores for the victims families.\"It's an outpouring of support. We are overwhelmed,\" Dr Kulwant S Dhaliwal from Sikh Temple of Wisconsin said.The memorial fund drive for the families of victims has reached its 85 per cent of the target amount of USD 3,000 in just 10 days, Dhaliwal said.The temple authorities had initially planned to raise the fund in 90 days.The money would be given to victim's families and would also be given to those who were injured, Dhaliwal said, adding that donations are coming from all over the country and also from Punjab, and other cities in Britain and Canada.\"It is an unexpected response,\" he said.In addition to the online fund raising efforts by the Wisconsin gurdwara, which as of Wednesday was USD 254,088; donations are coming from other sources and organizations also, he said.For instance the Punjab chief minister, Prakash Singh Badal, who attended the memorial service and stayed in Wisconsin, has announced Rs 5 lakh each to each of the victims' families, Dhaliwal said.The Sacramento Sikh Temple in California said it has sent USD 11,000 to the Wisconsin gurdwara to benefit the victims, including law enforcement.Meanwhile the family of the gurdwara president Satwant Singh Kaleka, which had set up the website for online donation, said, they will not take the money.Kaleka was shot and killed while heroically attempting to take down the shooter.Instead, 100 per cent of all contributions will go directly to lower-income families who lost loved ones, those injured in the shooting, and to repairing the temple, said an announcement on the website.Six members of the 400-person congregation were shot and killed at the Oak Creek Sikh Temple on August 5, in what officials are treating as a case of domestic terrorism.\"In this hour of grief, we thank the thousands of people around the globe who have offered their support and their prayers, and we encourage them to support those victims and families who are most in need.Together, we must work to repair our community and finally address the epidemic of violence in America,\" said Amardeep Kaleka, the son of Satwant Singh Kaleka and founder of the website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516760", "title": "Breastfeeding may stop mother-to-child HIV transmission", "text": "Certain bioactive components found in human milk are associated with a reduced risk of HIV transmission from an HIV infected mother to her breast-fed infant, researchers say .\"In developing countries, HIV-infected mothers are faced with the decision of whether or not to breastfeed their babies,\" Lars Bode, from the University of California , San Diego School of Medicine, said.\"Breastfeeding exposes the baby to the virus and increases the risk of the baby dying from HIV infection; but not breastfeeding increases the risk for the baby to die from other intestinal or respiratory infections,\" Bode said.Bode and colleagues set out to find why the vast majority of breast-fed infants do not acquire HIV-1, despite continuous exposure to the virus in their mother's milk over many months.Even in the absence of antiretroviral drugs, only 10 to15 percent of infants will acquire HIV infection from their HIV-infected mothers.They discovered that immunologically active components called human milk oligosaccharides (HMO) - a type of carbohydrate made up of several simple sugars linked together - may protect from HIV transmission.These complex oligosaccharides are the third-most abundant component of breast milk, yet are not digestible and therefore become highly concentrated in the mucosal surfaces of the infant's gastrointestinal tract.\"HMO act as prebiotics that promote the growth of desirable bacterial communities in the infant''s intestine,\" Bode said.Additionally, HMO structurally resembles sugar chains called glycans that are normally found on epithelial cell surfaces, and can serve as \"decoy\" receptors to inhibit pathogens from binding.Last, HMO exhibit anti-inflammatory activity and have been shown to modulate immune cell responses in cell and animal models.The researchers analyzed HMO amount and composition in breast milk samples collected from more than 200 women as part of a larger study of HIV-infected women and their infants in Lusaka, Zambia , following them from birth to 24 months.According to the researchers, higher concentrations of HMO in milk were associated with protection against postnatal HIV transmission, independent of other known risk factors. In the future, a better understanding of how individual HMO facilitate or obstruct HIV transmission may guide the development of interventions to complement antiretroviral strategies and more effectively prevent transmission.The study has been published in the online edition of American Journal of Clinical Nutrition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15519415", "title": "When Yash Chopra complimented Gavie Chahal!", "text": "Gavie Chahal, a mechanical engineer who was first seen on TV with 'Mohe Rang De' and was last seen in 'Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuein' just debuted in Bollywood with the most talked about film 'Ek Tha Tiger' . Talking about his role in the film Gavie says, \"I am playing a very important character Abrar in 'Ek Tha Tiger' and it feels great to be a part of this movie as it's a best debut one can ever expect. It has a combo of a perfect debut, producer like Yash Raj Films, director Kabir Khan , and superstars Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif . We shot the film in India, Cuba, Ireland, Turkey, borders of Iran, Iraq and Thailand\" However the actor is on cloud nine these days. Wondering why? Well, let's hear from Gavie himself, he says, \"I recently attended the special screening of 'Ek Tha Tiger' which was held on Monday and after the screening Mr. Yash Chopra told me that he liked my work and even his wife appreciated my performance. I felt very motivated after hearing words of appreciation from a stalwart like him. Yash Chopra films are always loved by everyone and I will remember his kind words forever\". Gavie, who has previously done Punjabi films like \"'Yaaran Naal Baharan' , ' Mehendi Wale Hath , Majajan' and ' Tere Ishq Nachdava' and is awaiting the release of his next Punjabi film 'Pinki Mongewali' opposite actress Neeru Bajwa. But Ek Tha Tiger's success will definitely give a boost to his career in Bollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514017", "title": "Nirantharam Nee Voohale release on Aug 24", "text": "Nirantharam Nee Voohale, the Telugu version of the Kollywood film \"Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal\", is hitting the screens on August 24. The romantic thriller, which stars Atharva (Tamil actor Muralil's son) and Amala Paul, has received critical acclaim and has done resonably well at the Tamil box office.The makers of this film are now planning to release the Telugu version in a grand way. Elred Kumar, who earlier produced Rangam, is directing and co-producing this film.Says Elred Kumar, \"Nirantharam Nee Voohale will give you a different experience. We have shot the film in exotic locations in USA and other areas and I'm confident that the film does well in Telugu too.\" GV Prakash has scored the music for this film, which was screened at the prestigious Cannes Film Festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509311", "title": "Property dealers killed in Alipur accident", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two property dealers who were returning to the capital after visiting Vaishno Devi were killed after the driver dozed off and their car rammed into a pile of bricks. The incident was reported from Alipur area of outer Delhi on late Tuesday night.Rishi (28), who was behind the wheel, was a resident of Patparganj. The other victim, Saurav (25), had come from Kanpur to visit him. Two bystanders also suffered injuries after being hit by the bricks. The accident came to light after a local resident made a call to the police control room.According to witnesses, the car was coming from the Murthal side at a high speed. Suddenly, the driver lost control over the steering and hit the pile of bricks dumped on the roadside. The car was badly damaged and the duo got stuck inside.On being informed, cops rushed to spot. They had to use gas cutters to extricate the bodies. The victims were rushed to a nearby hospital where they were declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15510067", "title": "Valparai tourism to implead in SC case on tiger reserves", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tourist cottage owners and merchants in the plantation town of Valparai have decided to implead in the case presently going on in Supreme Court with regard to allowing tourism in tiger reserves. The decision in this regard was taken a day after Tamil Nadu government notified buffer zones for tiger reserves in the state to resume tourism activities and Valparai was classified as buffer zone of Anamalai Tiger Reserve.Over 40 homestay providers and more than 600 traders in the tea country have jointly decided to pursue their case in the Supreme Court by availing the services of an eminent advocate in New Delhi. According to them, Valparai is the only municipality in the entire country to come under a tiger reserve, be it core area or buffer zone. What irks the tourism and commercial operators in the hill station is the lack of clarity on what kind of tourism would be permitted in a buffer zone. As per the 2001 census, Valparai has an urban population of 94,962 people and their normal life would be badly affected even if the whole municipality and adjoining tea estates are treated as buffer zone, according to the tourism industry. Before it became Anamalai Tiger Reserve, the Indira Gandhi National Park had a 126-sq-km core area and 832 sq km of buffer zone. Both the core area and the buffer zone had exempted Valparai municipality and surroundings. The tourism industry here wants the same kind of exclusion from the Supreme Court now.\"The issue of Valparai is very peculiar. Other areas in the country which stand close to tiger reserves are not urban like Valparai. We are here for generations and being in the buffer zone would land us in trouble,'' says S Jebaraj of Valparai Merchants Association.At present, entry to Valparai is through Aliyar and Attakatty checkposts and they continue to remain part of the core areas of Anamalai Tiger Reserve. So vehicular movement would definitely get affected and even locals would face difficulty in traveling to the plains at night to access hospitals, says Jebaraj. Even small eco-friendly construction works in the buffer zone require long procedures and there are chances of the restricted tourism becoming totally controlled by the forest department, he adds.\"It is not a question of tourism alone. We have approached the local municipality, tea plantations and civil society movements to join us in impleading in the case in the Supreme Court. It is easy for the state government to demarcate core and buffer the same way as it was when the ATR was just a national park,'' says Mohammed Shafi, secretary of Valparai Tourist Cottages Welfare Association.Meanwhile, they clarified that the organizations are not against improving the green cover of Valparai and improving forest management in a way that would not escalate the human-animal conflict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15511224", "title": "CRZ course correction in Khar frees 100 plots for development", "text": "MUMBAI: A major correction by the National Coastal Zone Management Authority (NCZMA) reclassifying Khar Danda as a creek area is set to result in over 100 plots in the prime area coming up for development.NCZMA obtained the opinion of various agencies that specialize in coastal mapping before it corrected the error that showed the Khar Danda plots as within the restricted development zone under the Coastal Regulations Zone (CRZ) notification. Under CRZ, development is restricted for land that is within 500 metres of the sea's high tide line. In a creek area however, which Khar Danda has been reclassified as, it is 150 metres. A maximum FSI of 1 applies within this strip of land, that too if it is on the landward side of the road.There's even more bounty for beneficiaries. The reclassification has been granted under the old CRZ rules; when the 2011 notification, which mandates only 100 metres, comes into existence with the new Coastal Zone Management Plan next year, several more plots will materialize.Khar CRZ norms challenged in 2006 after construction boomCivic sources said the areas up to the municipal garden at Juhu (popularly known as the Rajesh Khanna garden) would benefit from the reclassification of Khar Danda under the CRZ rules. \"Plot owners will now be able to not only utilize the floor space index of the plot but also use transfer of development rights which allows an additional FSI of 1,\" the source pointed out.While this is definitely music to builders' ears, one of the biggest beneficiaries of the NCZMA move will be the slum-dwellers of nearby Guzderbandh who, displaced by the widening of a nullah, were to be rehabilitated in the eastern suburbs of Mankhurd and Govandi.Following the CRZ notification in 1991, the BMC, as planning authority for the city, had prepared the Coastal Zone Management Plan (CZMP), based on which development was to be restricted along the coast.\"While the Plan recognized the presence of the Khar Danda creek, there was no differentiation in the setback line, and the 500-metre restriction was uniformly applied,\" said civic sources. \"The plan was accepted by a committee set up under the then chief secretary and was forwarded to the Union environment ministry, which also endorsed the plan,\" the source said.It was only in 2006 when the construction boom took off in the city that developers challenged the CZMP and sought a reclassification of plots closer to the creek. The NCZMA then got the National Institute of Oceanography as well as the Centre for Earth Science Studies , Thiruvananthapuram, to scrutinize the plan and give an opinion, resulting in the present correction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15520439", "title": "Despite its 25% hike, railways still no match for road transport: IFTRT", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite the 25% increase in the rail parcel freight beginning of this month, the difference between rail and road freight continues to be substantial. Road freight is costlier. Yet it is the dominant freight system in India. India's logistics costs are among the highest in the world. While most developing countries usually boast a logistic cost that's 7-8% of their GDP, in India that percentile is 13-14%. \"The laggard rail freight requires major overhauling and expansion in order to offer serious competition to road freight in India so that India can become a global manufacturing hub,\" said SP Singh, senior fellow, Indian Foundation of Transport Research &amp; Training (IFTRT).There has long been demand for improvement in rail services so as to take some of the load off the roads. IFTRT feels the latest round of modest freight hike by the railways can be a trigger for fresh debate on the goods logistic business in the country. A comparison of present freight cost of retail parcel / part load in road and rail tells an interesting story. It took the Railways six years to muster enough courage to hike retail parcel freight rates by 20% - 25% for its parcel booking trains across the country. \"This is expected to raise additional revenue of Rs 370 crore in the current fiscal as railways has earned Rs 1600 crore from parcel booking in year 2011-12,\" says the IFTRT report. According to the Railways there are certain sectors that usually avail of its parcel service like tyres, newspapers, pharmaceuticals, auto parts, pulses etc.While the Railways' parcel pickings are considered significant it pales into insignificance when compared to road freight revenue. Despite the rates being more than double that of Railways, truck retail parcel / part load booking and delivery across the country generates annual revenue of Rs 1,40,000 crore! Corporate customers say even where there is enough connectivity to warrant the use of rail over road, lack of containers is a big problem. Also hauling the goods from the railhead depot to the local godown can and does cause breakage etc. As a result even those companies that use rail services extensively also use roadways as a backup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15510343", "title": "Kudankulam unit 1 to generate 1,000 MW by January 2013", "text": "MADURAI: Unit I of the multi-crore Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP) will generate 1,000 MW power by January next year, a senior official of KKNPP said.KKNPP site director, R S Sundar, in his Independence Day (I-Day) address at the nuclear plant site in coastal Kudankulam in Tirunelveli district said that the entire team was working hard, day and night for initial fuel loading (IFL) and first approach to criticality (FAC). The Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) had given the clearance for IFL and FAC few days back.\"I am very hopeful and confident that we will be generating 1,000 MW from unit one when we will be celebrating the next flag hoisting during the Republic Day. All our efforts to commission unit two is also being taken up in the same spirit and hopefully by next August 15, we will achieve significant milestones in unit two also,\" he said.The power generation in unit one of KKNPP is a major milestone. The project was born out of an inter-governmental agreement between India and Russia in 1988 and the construction of plant began in 1997. But the project ran into a rough weather after anti-nuclear activists stalled progress last year when the first unit was nearing commissioning. Work eventually resumed and the AERB gave the go ahead, for uranium fuel loading.However, the anti-nuclear protesters under the aegis of People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) are still continuing the protest though in a feeble level at nearby Idinthakarai village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15521880", "title": "Prominent northeast citizens in Bangalore ask people not to leave city", "text": "BANGALORE: A few hours after people from the northeast started leaving the city, some worried students gathered at the home of former director general of police HT Sangliana. \"I was born and raised in Bangalore. This is my home, but I'm living in fear now,\" said one of them who doesn't want to leave the city.After the discussion, the supercop of yesteryear said: \"I don't think anyone should run away in fear. Bangalore has never had a history of extreme communalism. What has happened is unfortunate and what people should do is to stay home safe till the situation is defused.\" \"But a spark neglected burns a house,\" he added. \"Police were not proactive. Community leaders should have been taken into confidence and more policemen should have been on the streets. Most importantly, calls to police control room should not go to an answering machine.\"Playwright Swar Thounaojam says Bangalore has been her home and she doesn't plan to leave. \"If there is any place I want to work or live, it's Bangalore. But Bangalore is no longer the place it was years ago. The situation here has become abrasive,\" she said.Life in Delhi is tougher for people from the northeast but people there have found a way to negotiate with the city. \"We need a dialogue between communities here. Firstly, among various northeastern communities in the city, then with the other communities. This will be beginning of our negotiation with the city,\" she said.Fashion designer Robert Naorem has been here for over 10 years. He says in spite of the pressure from his parents back home, he will stay here.\"Things have changed, we are a little concerned but Bangalore is one of the most friendliest cities I've been to. I'm sure these problems will settle down. Till then I'll be cautious but I don't intend to go back,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15517868", "title": "Chaos marred govt award-giving function for Olympic medal winners", "text": "NEW DELHI: A felicitation function to honour India's Olympics heroes was marred by utter chaos due to mismanagement by the Sports Ministry with a large number of fans turning it into near-stampede like situation.Wrestlers Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt, shooters Vijay Kumar and Gagan Narang, shuttler Saina Nehwal and boxer M C Mary Kom were handed cash awards by the government for winning medals in the just-concluded London Olympics in a function held at the Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.But the function held at an open area outside the hockey stadium turned into a complete chaos by pushing and shoving by the hundreds of fans, mainly school children, who turned up and tried to reach the dais to have a glimpse of their heroes.All hell broke loose when the medal winners were presented cash awards with hordes of people trying to get a vantage position and coming from nowhere near the dais, leading to the trampling on the other athletes who took part in the Olympics and were sitting on chairs under the sweltering heat.The mismanagement by the organisers was such that Wrestling Federation of India President, Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh lambasted the Sports Ministry for \"humiliating\" the federation officials by inviting them to such a function.\"We have been insulted after being invited to such a badly mismanaged function. I have not attended such a mismanaged function in my life. We should not have come for this function,\" a fuming Bhushan said.\"I don't mind I am being quoted. We were shouting at the top of our voice asking people to sit down but it was all in vain. So many athletes left the venue in disgust. This is humiliating to us.\"Our federation gave two medals but they (Sports Ministry) did not even take our name. We made the effort and they want to take all the credit,\" he added.Moreover, while speaking about the athletes' achievements at the London Games during the function, the host of the show goofed up while calling out the players' names.He addressed Yogeshwar Dutt as 'Yogendra', while Saina Nehwal was called as Sania (India's tennis player). Talking about shooter Joydeep Karmakar's fourth place finish at the Olympic Games, the host mistook the Kolkata based marksman for an archer.Other sportspersons who took part in the Olympics, including boxer Vijender Singh and discus thrower Krishna Poonia , athletics head coach Bahadur Singh and legendary P T Usha sat silently under sweltering heat with the people blocking their view of what was happening on the dais.Some of them were heard saying that it would be better if the function ended as soon as possible. Vijender left early, while weightlifter Ravi Kumar sneaked out of the area after experiencing the chaotic situation.One member of a family of a medal winner rued why they had come in such a badly organised event.\"We should not have come. Why the function is being maneged so badly and that too for an official function to honour the medal winners? It's embarrassing,\" the family member of a medal winner said.There was also no arrangement for mediapersons who came to cover the event and the police personnel misbehaved with them when asked where was the area meant for the scribes.\"If you people are mediapersons, should we allow you to sit on our heads. Can't you see the situation here and why do you think you would get a separate area for yourself?\" a policewoman asked curtly while not allowing the journalists to move near to the dais.Amid the chaos, Maken delivered his speech, saying that the government would start planning so that India can win 25 medals in 2020 Olympics.\"We will start planning from now. We are aiming 25 medals in 2020 Olympics. The government is ready to provide the best infrastructure, best coaches and foreign training,\" he said.The medal winners were later taken to the nearby historic India Gate to pay floral tributes to the Amar Jawan Jyoti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15512889", "title": "Pak organisations worried for safety of Hindu citizens", "text": "Mumbai: The Pakistan Dalit Solidarity Network (PDSN) and the Pakistan Peace Coalition (PPC) have expressed serious concerns over growing insecurity among the Hindu population in Sindh, which is causing migration of hundreds of families from Sindh and Balochistan to India since many years. The statement was disseminated in Mumbai by journalist Jatin Desai, joint secretary, Pakistan-India Peoples' Forum for Peace &amp; Democracy. In a joint statement Monday, PDSN representative Zulfiqar Shah and general secretary of PPC B M Kutty said that both the federal and the provincial governments have failed to protect the lives, dignity and properties of the Hindu community and other vulnerable groups. The kidnapping for ransom, abduction and conversion of Hindu girls, growing lawlessness, forced encroachment of Hindu families' properties and growing violence against minorities in rural Sindh districts of Jacobabad, Shikarpur, Sukkur and Kandhkot have become a routine occurrence. \"We consider the ongoing development as highly unsatisfactory and a cause of great concern for all the citizens. According to the Constitution and international laws, it is the responsibility of the state to protect lives and properties of all citizens without any discrimination. Unfortunately, the vulnerable religious groups face tougher social, religious and economic challenges to the extent that they feel that leaving the country is the only option to save their lives,\" the joint statement stated. In Pakistan, religious minorities especially Hindus face social exclusion and unabated violence in rural areas where the feudal elite harass them and encroach their properties. It is alleged that Hindu girls are kidnapped and forced to embrace Islam. Recent incidents of Rinkal Kumari, Dr Asha and Manesha Kumari are widely reported. Their families are considering leaving Pakistan or moving from their ancestral villages to other cities. The PDSN and the PPC pointed out that local media has been reporting Hindu citizens' migration to India for security reasons for many years but the authorities pay no heed. The recent national media reports of the migration of Hindu families from Jacobabad in large numbers has now caught attention. Both the PDSN and the PPC have called for serious measures to address the grievances of the Hindu community and all non-Muslim citizens of Pakistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "15520238", "title": "Dal Khalsa objects over Jathedars' decision", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sikh radical organization Dal Khalsa took exception to the latest decision of Jathedars' of five takhts, in which they had proclaimed that \"non-historical gurdwaras can be shifted to another place as per the need and requirement of local people\".Party head HS Dhami informed TOI on Thursday that \"with these remarks Jathedars's have opened another Pandora box , actually, the decision was taken to provide 'shield' to 'wrong doing' of Dera Beas management\"The decision was so vague and generalized, that it would set wrong precedent, he said. \"There is a lot of grey area for maneuvering and mischief in Jathedars' latest decision, he added. It would definitely lead to fresh controversies and crisis every then and now.Responding to Jathedar's directive to all Sikh groups to 'fall in line', he said their group was fully committed to uphold the glory, honour and supremacy of 'Sri Akal Takht Sahib'. However he said, as per Sikh principles, the working and conduct of its Jathedars' was never above question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517462", "title": "Priya Ahuja in Adaalat", "text": "Priya Ahuja, who was last seen in Sony TV's Shubh Vivah has been roped in for an episodic of Contiloe Telefilms' courtroom drama, Adaalat. The upcoming episode will revolve around a murder mystery where a car racer gets killed in some mysterious circumstances. Priya Ahuja will play the role of Suzy D'souza, the wife of the car racer and advocate Jaiswal will fight her case. When contacted, Priya Ahuja said, \"Yes, I am doing the show and it's my first day on the shoot. I am really enjoying and its fun shooting with the 'Adaalat' team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15511651", "title": "Man kills brother over property row", "text": "Mysore: A 50-year-old man allegedly murdered his elder brother over a property dispute in rural Mysore on Wednesday. According to Bettadapura police, Shantharaj of Honnapura village, killed his brother Devaraj, 45, by attacking him with a sickle. Devaraja succumbed to severe head injuries. The accused is said to have fled the village after the incident. On Wednesday, the brothers picked up a quarrel over the share of property. Shanthraju took a sickle and attacked his brother. Devaraj collapsed on the spot and bled to death, police said. Meanwhile, police are suspecting that Shantharaj took to crime suspecting that his brother was having an affair with his wife. Shantharaj was a soldier attached to the Border Security Force and recently took voluntary retirement. Police have registered a case. Probe is on to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513408", "title": "Neha Dhupia\u2019s patriotic journey", "text": "Once in a while comes along an opportunity that can change you for the better. For Neha Dhupia , it came very recently when she was approached to journey Army posts and meet Army soldiers in Jammu and Kashmir as part of a documentary film.While Neha says she agreed with utter excitement, what followed was a sheer emotional rollercoaster lasting 11 days. \"I cried, I laughed, I danced, I was angry... there was no emotion I didn't feel,\" says Neha, adding, \"Many of us don't understand the sacrifices the armed forces have made, the sacrifices that are being made by the soldiers... it's unnerving when you talk to them and hear their stories.\"An excerpt from Neha's first person account:\"The trip started with sheer excitement. I was so glad that as an Indian, I got this opportunity to go to all these places. My phones weren't working there, so I was disconnected with the world. But, that gave me an opportunity to connect with the place and its people. I went to Dras, the Tololing pass where one of the pivotal Kargil wars was fought, Kargil, Leh, Uri and Ramgarh for 11 days.The first day was very overwhelming since we were not acclimatised. But after the third day, it was just an emotional ride. To see the Indian flag being hosted there, believe me, gives you an incredible high. At the Tololing, the National Anthem played, and we all had goosebumps. There, Navin Jindal spoke about why everyone should hoist the national flag. I have one outside my window now.There were of course very sentimental moments too. When Shankar,Ehsaan and Loy sang Kal Ho Na Ho , the soldiers were dancing like never before... all the lyrics were literally like written about them. Har pal yahan jee bhar jiyo ... and then they sang something from Rang De Basanti , and I, along with the soldiers, danced my heart out.I also met Hawaldar Sanjay , a Paramvir Chakra awardee, who told me that he once fought with hand to hand combat, even though he had three bullets inside him - two in his legs and one near his heart. He told me he crawled a distance of 35 metres in four hours lest the enemy see that he's alive, only so that he could fight for his country. Hearing this stories, knowing the sacrifices these people have made made me angry and sad, but it also made me understand that we, as citizens, can do so much more for our armed forces.For example, education is a very important thing for them. The Army does a lot through its Sadbhavna Mission , and I want to contribute to it in whichever way I can. Even if its paying visits, getting more support, sending books - anything that one can do.And that's how my journey came to an end. But not before I received my parting present. Hawaldar Mohanlal, who was with us for six days, gave me a matchbox with an Indian flag on it as a souvenir, and that's one of the most memorable things I got from that journey. It was very emotional. He is retiring in a few weeks, and I took his address so that I can send books for his children.Once I came back, I realized that whether its fashion, or wearing the Indian sash at the Miss India contest, or seeing a Mary Kom or Saina taking a medal at the Olympics, the one they all say together is - Bharat Mata Ki Jai , and that's what I want to say today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15513362", "title": "Karnataka CM convenes high-level meeting as people from northeast flee Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: As over 5,000 panic-stricken people from northeastern states fled the city after rumours of attacks targeting the community spread, Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar is holding a high-level meeting on Thursday to tackle the situation.Two Assam-bound special trains were operated late on Wednesday night in addition to the regular service to clear the sudden rush of passengers triggered by the rumours in the wake of some attacks on people from northeast in some parts of the country in the Assam violence backlash.The stabbing of a Tibetan student by two motorcycle-borne men in Mysore on August 14 added fuel to the fears of the people whom the government and police are trying to convince that they are safe in the state.However, state DGP Lalrokhuma Pachuau, who himself is from Manipur, said that the exact number of people who fled the city was not known as many bound for Guwahati were regular passengers, and not those leaving following the rumours.Concerned over the development, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday night spoke to Shettar who assured him that steps were being taken to give protection to the people from the northeast.Besides the PM, home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi also spoke to Shettar on the issue.Sources in the chief minister's office said that Shettar would discuss with the officials the exodus and find solutions to tide over the fresh problem.A small group of people at the railway station said, \"We are expecting the railway authorities to make an announcement of arranging special trains to Guwahati. We want to be with our families in Assam. We have been informed that some people are planning to attack us as our community was attacked in Mumbai and other parts of the country.\"We do not want to take any risk as nobody comes to our rescue when we are attacked,\" Monica and others from her region said in unison as they waited at the railway station on Thursday morning.Railway officials had said on Wednesday that they had sold more than 5000 tickets for northeast destinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509639", "title": "Many frog species killed in road accidents at Jog Falls", "text": "BANGALORE: They look insignificant but are important members of the eco-system. A study conducted by KS Seshadri, an ecologist and researcher at the Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment, reveals that there is a high incidence of important species of frogs around the Jog Falls which are killed in road accidents.The road kill encounter was highest in the forest region with 55 kills per km, followed by agriculture with 38.33 kills per km and water body being the least with 26.66 kills per km. Species composition between land uses was significantly different. This shows that irrespective of the different land uses, the numbers of road kills were similar, though the species composition differed, said the recently concluded study.\"Vehicular traffic is the major driving factor influencing the road kills,\" said Seshadri, one of the three researchers. Seshadri did this study along with Amit Jadhav and K V Gururaja, both researchers at Centre for Ecological Sciences, IISc.The study looked at the road kills of frogs across different land use areas along a 3.6 km stretch of National Highway in the Sharavathi region of central Western Ghats. The objective was to enumerate species composition and encounter rate of amphibians killed on the road due to vehicular movements. The difference in the species composition in land use is indicative of habitat specificity.Since the habitats inhabited by frogs outside the protected areas are very large, such studies outside these areas have to be done in order to document the impact of road kills on amphibians and its contribution to local, regional and global amphibian decline, he said.MethodologyThe vehicular density on the road was monitored for two hours each in the early mornings (6.30 am to 8.30 am) and late evenings on three days (6.30 to 8.30 pm). The study area has a major tourist spot, the Jog Falls, which is located within 10 km from all the sampling sites and attracts large number of tourists during weekends and particularly during monsoons.Vehicle density increased manifold during the weekends. This study gives an impetus for further studies in the Western Ghats where large habitats favourable to amphibians are cut across by extensive road networks and which may influence the local extinction and decline in amphibian population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511192", "title": "Danger lurks as many cross tracks at Chetpet while talking on phone", "text": "CHENNAI: Schoolchildren and office-goers walking on the tracks at Chetpet railway station has become a nightmare for train drivers. The recent accidents in and around the area have become a cause for concern. Drivers say many people have a near brush with death, especially during peak hours. Many people talk on the phone while crossing the tracks, doubling the danger. Many school children have earpho8n8es plugged in, and don't hear trains hurtling towards them. Statistics sh8ow that on an average one person dies on the suburban train tracks every day.Train drivers and Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel said a large number of people enter the tracks from a side of the bridge which does not have a wall. M Govindaraj, a watchman at an apartment building close to the tracks, said: \"The wall is not complete. Many people take the shortcut without taking the bridge. I've seen many people coming close to being run over by trains.\" Railway police say at least two people get killed near the station every month. A senior GRP officer said, \"Youngsters are the ones who take the biggest risks. They cross the tracks and while on the train, hang out from the footboard when there is ample space inside the compartment. Then there are others who cling on to the four-inch window sill of the guard van. It baffles me.\"A policeman from Chetpet station, who is posted near the lane leading to the tracks, said: \"My job is to keep a watch on chain-snatchers as there have been a number of incidents here, but I end up cautioning people, especially schoolchildren, against crossing the tracks.Meanwhile, the killer pole which claimed the life of a 20-year-old software engineer two weeks ago when his head hit the electric pole below the Chetpet bridge near Chetpet railway station is yet to be removed. M Muthukumar was the fourth train passenger to die after hitting the pole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15515448", "title": "Dhoom 3: Aamir Khan rents a home in Chicago", "text": "Fatherhood for the third time has turned Aamir Khan into quite a home-bird. He wants to stay as close to wife Kiran and newly-born son Azaad as possible. Opting for a departure from his habitual way of working, Aamir has taken wife and son to Chicago to be with him for the 3-month schedule. And now we hear from a friend of Aamir that the star while shooting for Dhoom 3 has opted to stay in a rented apartment in Chicago with his family rather than a hotel.Says the close friend of Kiran and Aamir, \"Though Yashraj wanted to hire a suite in one of the best hotels in Chicago for Aamir, Kiran and Azaad but Aamir declined the offer. He preferred a rented apartment. In this way he cut down Yashraj's accommodation budget in Chicago for Aamir by nearly 60 percent. But the main reason why Aamir opted to stay in a rented place is the ghar ka mahaul. The homely environment is what turns Aamir on these days.\"Aamir apparently told his friends that nothing gives him greater joy nowadays than to return home to see Kiran and Azaad waiting for him. Says the friend, \"The thought of staying in a posh intimidating hotel for three months upset Aamir. He loves ghar ka khana. In the apartment, where they're staying, Kiran is constantly cooking up interesting dishes.\"In fact so inspiring is Aamir's home-away-from-home system of working in Chicago that we now hear that the film's other leading man Abhishek Bachchan has invited his entire family to join him in Chicago and stay together in a rented apartment.Says a source, \"Abhishek's wife Aishwarya and daughter Aaradhya are joining him soon in Chicago. Big B and Jayaji will follow soon after. They want to get some time together away from home and prying eyes.\"With two of the principal actors of Dhoom 3 blissfully bonding with their respective families in America, it looks like Dhoom 3 will turn out to be one happy affair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510543", "title": "Indians bad organ donors, don\u2019t accept brain death: Doctors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indians are not only bad organ donors, but also averse to accepting brain death as the end of human life.Doctors say most Indian families think their near and dear ones have a chance to recover till their hearts beat.This slow acceptance of brain death \u2014 patients who have suffered complete and irreversible loss of all brain functions and are clinically and legally dead \u2014 is seriously affecting the country's organ retrieval programme.Once a patient is declared brain dead, almost 37 different organs and tissues can be harvested, including the most important ones like heart, kidneys, liver, lungs and pancreas. Donation of an entire body can help over 40 needy patients.On the other hand, once the heart stops, stalling blood circulation, only tissues like cornea, skin, bone and heart walls can be used. Vilasrao Deshmukh's death on Tuesday \u2014 after doctors failed to find a compatible liver that could be transplanted on time \u2014 is another glaring example of the country's abysmally low organ donation rate.Dr Aarti Vij, faculty in-charge at AIIMS's Organ Retrieval Banking Organization (ORBO), said, \"Indians still find it difficult to accept brain death. When they see an active pulse, a warm body and a beating heart, families think there is still a possibility of the patient coming back to life. Common perception is that a person dies only when the heart beat stops. Awareness about brain death as permanent has to be increased.\"Dr Vij cited the recently passed Transplantation of Human Organs Amendment Act, 2011, which has given a big push to brain death.Earlier, brain death wasn't even diagnosed. Now, the law has cleared the provision of \"required request\". Hence, patients admitted in Intensive Care Units (ICUs) will have to be asked by the ICU-in-charge whether she or he has made any request for organ donation.Now, the law says that the treating physician will have to check the patient for being brain dead and if found so will have to sensitize the family about organ donation along with a transplant coordinator.In order to reduce India's abysmally low organ availability, the Union health ministry is setting up the country's apex biomaterial centre at Safdarjung Hospital for organ and tissue banking.\"We have set aside Rs 25 crore for the centre that is under construction. It should be functional by next year and will be headed by a senior directorate general of health services official,\" a senior ministry official said.He added, \"The National Biomaterial Centre will contain bones, fresh human amniotic membrane, cadaveric joints like knees, hips and shoulders, cranium bone graft, loose bone fragments, skin grafts, cornea, heart valves and vessels. This will be a highly technical body with over 35 officials manning it.\"Also on the anvil is an Indian Organ Donor Register \u2014 a register of consent, enabling individuals to record their legal decision to becoming an organ or tissue donor after death. \"This registry will have information on all types of organ procurement, matching, distribution, transplantation and complications. It will also maintain entries of transplant centres, transplant surgeons, dialysis physician and dialysis centers, organ recipients and donors,\" a ministry note says.Times ViewThe cadaver donation and organ transplant mechanism in India needs to be unshackled immediately from red tape. Too much of bureaucratese and arbitrariness are the twin problems that block life-saving transplants in most states in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509663", "title": "NHRC notice to state government over hair cut issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has issued notice to the Karnataka government on reports that authorities of a private school in Bangalore had cut hair of children belonging to economically weaker sections to distinguish them from others.The Commission has asked the chief secretary to submit a report within four weeks on allegations that the school authorities cut off tufts of four children in order to distinguish them under the Right to Education quota.The reports said that the students of Class I were made to stand separately in the assembly and their lunch boxes were checked before they entered classes, an NHRC spokesperson said. Parents of the children have also alleged that the names of their wards have not been entered in the attendance register and the school makes them sit on the back benches and no home work is given to them, he said.\"The Commission has observed that allegations, if true, raise a serious issue of violation of the children. The Commission has also asked the chief secretary to inform it on the action taken against the school authorities under the Rights of Children to Free and Compulsory Act,\" the spokesperson said. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513988", "title": "Archana, Sanam were the hottest couple in Jhalak: Ravi", "text": "Contrary to everyone's 'list of finalists' in Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa, Ravi Kishan feels that Gurmeet, Bharti and Shibani are the top jodis, who would make it to the finals of Jhalak.How would you describe your journey in Jhalak? Well, after Big Boss , this was the best thing happened to me. The journey was amazing. I lost five and a half kilos during these nine months on the show. I moved out of my comfort zone and my stardom. Every week was a new challenge, rehearsals were tiring but I never stopped. Jee jaan laga diye hum . Now that I am back to my work, my first priority is to get back to my previous physique. I am working with Yashraj Banner too so I have many more things in the pipeline this year.You performed well, took up all the challenges and shared great rapport with your competitors in Jhalak. Tell us in one word about these jodis - Hottest couple - (thinks for a few seconds) Archana Vijay and Sanam Johar Isha and Salman - Perfectionist Rashmi and Deepak - Amazing Darsheel and Avneet - Very very cute Bharti and Savio - Entertainer Shibani and Puneet - Hardworking Gurmeet and Shampa - Way to goNow the toughest question. Madhuri, Karan Johar or Remo - who was your favourite judge? Well, this really is a tough question (laughs). However, Madhuriji and Karan Johar were my favourites in the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15509889", "title": "Indian men can be raped, not sexually harassed", "text": "NEW DELHI: When it first circulated a draft Bill in 2010 to amend the rape law, the home ministry stuck to the traditional notion that men alone could commit sexual assault. But when the Cabinet cleared the Bill last month for introduction in Parliament, the offence turned \"gender neutral\", as revealed by a government press release.Welcome to the brave new world of gender neutrality, in which laws increasingly no longer define men alone as aggressors and women as victims. Unfortunately, this spirit has not extended to another far-reaching Bill cleared by the Cabinet. The protection of women against sexual harassment at workplace Bill is based on the premise that only female employees needed to be safeguarded.Bill disregards spirit of gender neutralityOver the last few years, there has been a growing tendency in law towards gender neutrality. The latest example is the protection of children under the sexual offences Bill passed in the last session of Parliament. The law prepared by the ministry of women and child development envisages the possibility of the child victim being either a girl or a boy.Had the Union home ministry not followed this precedent, it would have led to an anomalous situation in which the offence of sexual assault \u2014 the new expression for rape \u2014 would have been gender neutral in the case of children under 18 years of age and male-specific in the case of adults.The criminal law (amendment) Bill, 2012, defying the gender stereotypes associated with rape, is in keeping with a report from the Law Commission in 2000. In a departure from the definition of rape in the Indian Penal Code enacted in 1860, the Law Commission replaced most references to \"man\" (the offender) or \"woman\" (the victim) with \"person\" (who is either the offender or the victim, depending on the context). In fact, it went to the extent of bringing oral sex committed by either gender under the ambit of sexual assault (\"engaging in cunnilingus or fellatio\").The spirit of gender neutrality has not, however, extended to another far-reaching Bill which has been cleared by the cabinet. As the name suggests, the protection of women against sexual harassment at workplace Bill is based on the premise that only female employees needed to be safeguarded. The women and child development ministry, which had broken the gender mold in the law to sexual offences against children, adopted a conservative approach when it came to the issue of sexual harassment. The Bill also overlooks the possibility of a male employee being sexually harassed by another male employee.If the argument of the ministry of women and child development is that female employees were far more vulnerable to sexual harassment, then the home ministry by the same token could have retained rape as a male-specific offence. After all, hardly anybody would have ever heard of a man being raped by a woman. The justification for making laws gender neutral is not so much about empirical data as about the principle of removing distinctions based on sex.In limiting the sexual harassment Bill to female employees, the government also disregarded a parliamentary standing committee's recommendation made in December 2011 in favour of gender neutrality. The committee said the \"viability\" of protecting men as well from sexual harassment at workplace should be \"explored\". It pointed out that the sexual harassment laws were gender neutral in advanced countries such as the UK, France and Germany.The trend of gender neutrality in laws began with the progressive 2005 amendment to the Hindu succession law allowing daughters to have a share in ancestral property which was traditionally reserved for sons. The following year, the prohibition of the Child Marriage Act empowered the husband as much as the wife to repudiate the marriage on attaining majority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "athens", "code": "15513094", "title": "Grover finishes 16th at World Junior Chess Championship", "text": "ATHENS: India's Sahaj Grover, who achieved his final Grandmaster norm at the World Junior Chess Championship, ended his campaign at the 16th spot after losing his final-round game in the event.The 16-year-old Indian lost to Aleksandar Indjic of Serbia. The huge consolation that Grover could draw from the event was his final Grandmaster norm and he is set to become India's next GM after the FIDE meeting slated for early September.Grover tallied eight points in all at the event. International Master P Shyam Nikil and M Shyam Sundar finished well with victories in the last round and also tallied eight points. Sundar finished 26th while Nikil ended on 29th place.Among other Indians in the fray, Debashish Das, Diptayan Ghosh, Aravindh Chithambaram and Nishant Malhotra ended on the losing side in the final round while Anwesh Upadhyaya won.For Das, it was a disappointing show after the Grandmaster norm that he made in the first nine rounds as he lost the last four matches.Bhakti Kulkarni remained the best Indian in the girls' championship by defeating Lisa Schut of Holland in the final round. Bhakti performed impressively for her 11th place finish on eight points in all.Grandmaster Alexander Ipatov of Turkey won the Championship after drawing with Aleksandr Shimanov of Russia in the 13th and final round.Having the best tie break, Ipatov kept a close vigil on the top board and when top seed Ding Liren of China signed peace with Richard Rapport of Hungary the Turkish GM had no intentions of continuing even a winning position against Shimanov.Both Ipatov and Rapport finished on ten points out of a possible 13 but Ipatov won the gold while Rapport had to be content with the Silver medal. Ding Liren of China tallied 9.5 points and duly won the Bronze medal with better tiebreak than Nils Grandelius of Sweden.In the Girls' championship Guo Qi of China won the Gold medal after drawing with Indonesian girl Aulia Medina Warda. After a dramatic turn of events in this section, it was a four-way tie at the top on 9.5 points I which Guo Qi had the best tiebreak.The silver went to Nastassia Ziaziulkina of Belarus while Anastasia Bodnaruk of Russia won the Bronze medal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15518287", "title": "Vipul Mehta\u2019s charitable act", "text": "With stardom comes a lot of fame and responsibility too and Indian Idol 6 contestant Vipul Mehta seems to have taken up the job seriously.Vipul Mehta is among the top 4 finalists of Indian Idol 6 and he is doing his bit of giving back to society. Vipul recently visited the kids of Smile Foundation and spent some quality time with them. He sang songs, danced with the kids and also gave away a few goodies such as bags and books to the kids.The kids were seen having a good time with Vipul around and he also made sure that the kids enjoyed every minute of it. Vipul was thankful for this opportunity and said, \"It was the best experience in Indian Idol yet.\"This charitable act definitely put a smile on Vipul's face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15513140", "title": "NASDAQ dons Indian colours for Independence-Day", "text": "NEW YORK: For the fourth year in a row, NASDAQ, world's second-largest stock exchange in the heart of Times Square, donned the colours of the Indian flag to celebrate India's 66th Independence Day.As Indian Consul General Prabhu Dayal rang the opening bell at 9.30 a.m. Wednesday, the exchange's billboard flashed the Indian tri-colour accompanied by the words \"Nasdaq celebrates India's Independence Day\". Other billboards across Times Square too displayed images of the tricolour.\"NASDAQ has organised this event to celebrate India's Independence Day, which indicated the ever growing relationship between NASDAQ and Indian companies,\" said Dayal at the ceremony watched by a large number of members of the Indian community.\"NASDAQ's gesture is in recognition of the fact that India has become a global powerhouse,\" he said, calling on the exchange to encourage foreign firms to invest in India's growing infrastructure sector.He was confident that NASDAQ would continue to focus the interest of investors on the opportunities provided by India and play a positive role in the growth of the Indian economy.Indian companies like Infosys, Cognizant, Rediff, Makemytrip and Sify are members of the NASDAQ 100 index which is one of the most prestigious and widely followed indices of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "kingston", "code": "15516449", "title": "Jamaica to use Usain Bolt to woo tourists", "text": "KINGSTON: Jamaica expects the electrifying Olympic wins of the world's fastest sprinter Usain Bolt will enhance its image and help in wooing more foreign tourists to the picturesque Caribbean country.\"The impact of Bolt's performance at the London Olympics will have an effect on the island for many years and will help us to attract more tourists,\" Jamaican Tourism Minister Wykeham McNeill said.McNeill said the interest in Jamaica, known for its serene butterscotch beaches with some of the best seafood eateries in the world, has reached its zenith since Bolt successfully defended in London his titles obtained in the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing .25-year old Bolt, who won Gold in 100m, 200m and 100x4m relay in the London Olympics, has not been far from the national tourism diffusion in Jamaica since he recorded three promotion videos in 2010.He anchored three promotional videos for the tourist board in 2010, and several recent travel stories have focused on Jamaica's northern parish of Trelawny, the area where the \"Lightning\" Bolt sprinter grew up.Almost 1,922,000 foreign tourists visited the island nation in 2010, according to a World Bank data.Jamaican Sports Minister Natalie Neita-Headley advocated for diversifying the sports disciplines in which the nation should compete in future international competitions.Receiving the athletes who participated in the 2012 Olympic Games, Neita-Headley said that though track and field has given some historical names, Jamaica has the potential to excel in other sports, Prensa Latina news agency reported.The government, through the Foundation for the Development of Sport, may sponsor the number of disciplines.Jamaica finished in the 17th place in the medallist list by countries in the 2012 Olympic Games with four gold, four silver and 4 bronze, for a total of 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15514209", "title": "British woman rescued by Indian Air Force", "text": "NEW DELHI: A British woman stranded in inclement weather conditions at Padam Valley in Zanskar ranges of Ladakh was on Wednesday rescued by a Leh-based helicopter unit of the Indian Air Force.\"Pilots of Leh based helicopter unit evacuated British national Lorna Wilson from the higher reaches of Padam Valley at Tangze Yogma in Zanskar ranges of Ladakh,\" an official said.Wilson, a senior member of a \"doctor field trip\", suffered from acute mountain sickness while on a trip to higher Zanskar ranges. Sources said there was danger of her condition deteriorating into High Altitude Pulmonary Oedema (HAPO).The British team requested Air Headquarters for emergency air rescue through their embassy.The Leh based IAF Unit nicknamed \"Siachen Pioneers\", received message at 9pm on Tuesday for evacuation of the foreign national.A helicopter rescue team, comprising of Wg Cdr P S Babu, Flt Lt Prateek Gupta and Flt Lt Ashish Kumar Nim and led by Wg Cdr Ajay Singh Rajput, carried out the operation.This was the third rescue operation carried out by the IAF in the last ten days. Earlier, two Czech brothers were evacuated on August 5 and a French national on August 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "narvem", "code": "15509709", "title": "Narvem's Maruti temple falls victim to rain fury", "text": "NARVEM: The fury of the monsoon led to the collapse of the 70-year-old Maruti temple in Narvem, Bicholim taluka, on Tuesday. A female devotee had a narrow escape.Sixty-year-old Shamu Gawade from Deulwada-Narvem said, \"This sculpture of Maruti is the pre-Portuguese heritage and a source of inspiration for villagers in Narvem. Every Saturday, devotees used to throng in big numbers at the temple. We are heartbroken as this temple has been destroyed by the rains.\"Narvem panch member Pratiksha Misal said, \"On Independence Day villagers voluntarily undertook the task of clearing debris inorder to search for the unique sculpture of Maruti holding a bunch of bananas.\"The temple is situated on the left side of the road leading from Narvem to Pilgao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510821", "title": "Manmohan mum on Pak in I-Day speech", "text": "NEW DELHI: PM Manmohan Singh sprung a surprise in his Independence Day speech on Wednesday by not mentioning Pakistan, a country with which he is known to have personally charted out India's policy after the 26/11 debacle. In fact, Singh did not speak about India's foreign policy at all.This is Singh's second consecutive speech from Red Fort in which he did not mention Pakistan. In 2011 though, he did say that India's relations with various countries had strengthened and deepened.The speech this time was in complete contrast to the one in 2010 when he categorically stated that dialogue with Pakistan cannot progress far if Pakistan allowed its territory to be used for acts of terror against India. \"Whatever differences we have with our neighbouring countries, we want to resolve them through discussions,'' the PM had said then.Even as Singh highlighted the success of holding panchayat elections in J&K; observers are warning of efforts to undermine democratic institutions at the grassroots level in the state.\"We have achieved success in many areas of internal security. In Jammu &amp; Kashmir, people participated in large numbers in the panchayat elections,\" Singh said in his speech.Analysts and officials in the security establishment say that efforts were on to undermine panchayat system in J&K;, even though local police authorities have dismissed recent threats to panchayat members in the state as trivial.Al-Qaeda Mujahideen, a previously unheard of militant group, plastered pamphlets at Shopian in south Kashmir and elsewhere recently threatening sarpanchs and panchs to resign within a week. Local police said the posters were the handiwork of two school dropouts, one of whom had been an over-ground worker with a militant group.While admitting that there was no credible evidence about such a group yet, an intelligence official said it could have been propped up by established militant outfits. \"It could be a desperate effort to revive militancy in Shopian and surrounding areas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15521051", "title": "Protected areas established to conserve Western Ghats: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government has taken several steps, including establishment of protected areas, to conserve the rich bio-diversity of Western Ghats, environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan has said.A large number of protected areas comprising national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, tiger reserves and elephant reserves have been established to provide stringent protection to both flora and fauna, the Minister informed the Parliament.Nearly 10 per cent of the total area of Western Ghats is currently covered under the Protected Area category, she said.\"The largest protected area in Western Ghats is the Bandipur National Park in Karnataka. The Silent Valley National Park in Kerala and the Kudremukh National Park in Karnataka are among the important tracts of virgin tropical evergreen forests in India, serving as home to a healthy population of globally threatened fauna,\" the Minister said.The ecosystems of the Western Ghats include the tropical wet evergreen forests and moist deciduous forests.\"There are over 4,000 species of angiosperms (1,500 endemic), 332 species of butterflies (37 endemic), 288 species of fishes (116 endemic), 156 species of amphibians (94 endemic), 225 species of reptiles (97 endemic), 508 species of birds (19 endemic) and 137 species of mammals (14 endemic) reported from Western Ghats,\" she said.Restrictions have been put in place for setting up of industries in certain ecologically significant areas of Western Ghats, Natarajan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509524", "title": "Man gets 7 months jail for forgery of driving license", "text": "PANAJI: A judicial magistrate first class court at Mapusa recently convicted Savlo Korgaonkar for pasting his photograph on a driving license belonging to another person to cheat authorites and sentenced him to undergo simple imprisonment for a period of seven months and to pay a fine of 2,000.The prosecution alleged that the accused committed forgery by pasting his own photograph on a motor driving licence belonging to complainant Satchit Palni and used the same as a genuine one to cheat the authorities concerned.According to Palni, his license was stolen at Mapusa near Alankar Theater on November 25, 2009. On that day, he had parked his scooter, and when he returned to it, the license along with all other documents were missing from the scooter.The police had attached the license from the accused when he was arrested on suspicion.On June 26, 2010, Palni was called to the Anjuna police station where he identified that the license belonged to him but the photo affixed on the license was not his.\"In the present case, the accused dishonestly pasted his photograph on the driving license of Satchit Palni with the intention of causing it to be believed that the driving license was issued by the office of director of transport. The accused thus tampered with the motor driving license to cheat the authorities. The evidence on record clearly establish that the accused committed forgery,\" the court held.The prosecution examined seven witnesses in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516471", "title": "MoneySpinners are back with Touchwood", "text": "VIP Records are proud to present the most anticipated collaboration of 2012 as MoneySpinner enlist the vocal prowess of Master Saleem to bring to you their latest single, Touchwood!'Touchwood' is the latest offering from MoneySpinner following the worldwide success of their album 'Poetry' which was applauded on a global scale. MoneySpinner have built on this strong foundation by teaming up with Master Saleem to showcase their musical repertoire and diversity. The concept has been cleverly devised by MoneySpinner in order to reach a wide audience by using fun loving lyrics whilst incorporating a solid dancefloor feel.Since their last offering of hit album 'Poetry', MoneySpinner have been extremely busy in the studio, recording and producing music that will add a different dimension to their already renowned portfolio. More recent tracks to add to this catalogue also include productions on Banger's launch track 'Soorma' and the powerful Dharmik track 'Sava Lakh'. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15518364", "title": "Ketan Mehta's special gift for Aamir Khan", "text": "Appreciating Star Plus' &amp; Aamir Khan's efforts on the show that brought social revolution, Ketan Mehta presented the 'Satyamev Jayate' team with an elaborate film that highlights the overwhelming response generated by the show on twitter.The seven minute film is uploaded across social media platforms.\" ' S atyamev Jayate' has transformed the way TV as a medium is viewed &amp; contributed to the greater good of society. At Maya, we've pioneered the art &amp; technology for animation &amp; visual effects in India; and 'Satyamev Jayate' provided us with the opportunity to use visual effects technology to convey the essence &amp; the impact of the show. It was our tribute to the show which has sparked off a revolution and we at Maya are proud to be associated with this phenomenon in the history of the Indian Entertainment Industry.\" - Ketan Mehta, Chairman &amp; Managing Director - Maya Digital Studios Pvt. Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15509730", "title": "Glenn Perry to 'jazz' up Goa this Saturday", "text": "Two years ago, life came to a halt in Haiti . When the 7.0-magnitude quake struck the Caribbean nation, the conscience of the world shook with it. Around that time, forty-something Glenn Perry was with his beloved guitar in New York , doing what he usually does-writing songs, recording and producing them. From the Atlantic, humanity beckoned, and the jazzman didn't say no. Music, his first love and inheritance, would have to wait. He took off immediately-Destination Haiti. Structures still brittle, Mother Nature wasn't quite done yet. That realization dawned on Perry like a brick, as he lay beneath the rubble of a building which collapsed on him. When he emerged from the quagmire of concrete and dust, he was partially paralyzed, his playing hand the main casualty. Without it, his orange and black, custom-crafted electric guitar was forced to retreat into a box.Two years later, it will reunite with its master in the land of his birth. Glenn, who is the elder son and a staunch disciple of Goa's jazz &amp; tiatr colossus Chris Perry, will lead a quartet comprising his brothers Miles and Giles, as well as a Dutch trumpeter, in Panaji on Saturday. This will be his first concert in Goa, a place where his stature still pales before that of his legendary father.Glenn Perry is known for his MTV hits 'Laila', 'Tonight', and 'I'll keep on loving you', but is quick to add that those (pop) days are behind him. \"The concert will exclusively feature classical jazz,\" he told TOI. In life, that's the first genre he encountered. While his childhood friends crawled and bawled to Yankee Doodle, he was immersed in the trumpets of Miles Davis , the blistering keys of Chick Corea , and the reedy sax melodies of Charlie Parker . The consequence? At two, he was already exploring his home piano's black and white territory.Years later, the names he saw and heard so much about made it to his own albums. When he released Reincarnation in 2006, he had Dave Weckl, Eric Marienthal and Bunny Brunel (all of whom were associated with Chick Corea) with him. His second record, Nostalgia, boasted the likes of Lenny White (of Miles Davis' Bitches Brew fame) and Ron Carter (also a Davis man, and perhaps the most recorded bassist in jazz history).When it comes to inspiration, though, none of the maestros he's played with can match his father. One needs only to utter the name, and the superlatives come flying thicker and faster than an Yngwie Malmsteen arpeggio. \"To me, he was the greatest musician in the world,\" he says of Chris Perry. \"He didn't need a piano to compose. He did it all mentally; the piano was in his head.\" Greeted with a very skeptical look, he justifies-\"God put certain people in certain parts of the world: Mozart, Bach and Beethoven in Europe, and Chris Perry in Goa.\" For most of those who have experienced the magic of Goa's Mozart, disagreeing with Glenn is not an option.Today, Glenn Perry is not all about his guitar, and deconstructing him is no easy task. He lives in a bigamous relationship with music and \"peace activism\", and is quite unsure about which spouse he loves more. \"My heart is in the slums,\" he confesses. The shift from full-time music to activism started around 2002, when Chris Perry passed away. Following Saturday's concert, he will fly off to help out in the Philippines , where floods have wreaked havoc, just as he's done in several other countries when tragedies had befallen their shores.In happier times, he spreads music in slums. \"I want to give back to the world the way I got from the world,\" he says. With this in mind, he's set up 20 music centres around the world. \"I've given them instruments and provided them teachers.\" He hopes the kids he helps can one day be stars. \"A centre in India, too, is on the way,\" he adds.He may be an established musician in his own right, but by virtue of being Chris Perry's son, one question is inevitable-that of his disinterest in Konkani music. \"I've known my dad as a jazz musician,\" he clarifies immediately. \"I've got my experience playing with him, and he's my mentor.\"Why, then, isn't Glenn Perry recording a Konkani album? The answer isn't forthcoming. He's silent for a moment, and then the diplomat in him comes to the fore -\"When the time is right, I won't stop myself,\" he says.(The Glenn Perry Jazz Band will perform at the ESG Auditorium in Panaji on Saturday, August 18)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15519399", "title": "Yeddyurappa asks Jagadish Shettar to propose his name for Karnataka BJP president's post", "text": "BANGALORE: Ahead of his state-wide tour, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa met chief minister Jagadish Shettar at his home office Krishna on Thursday.Sources said Yeddyurappa asked Shettar to propose his name for the state unit president's post when the latter visit New Delhi. The chief minister will be in the capital for next two days. Besides felicitating President Pranab Mukherjee , Shettar will be participating in BJP chief minister's economic conclave convened by party president Nitin Gadkari on Saturday. Shettar may invite President to inaugurate Suvarna Soudha constructed at Belgaum and may also discuss portfolio reshuffle with party higher ups.Yeddyurappa held discussion with Shettar for more than half-an-hour and said to have placed demand to propose his name for president's post, which is trying hard to get. Yeddyurappa said he will tour the state after August 20 and as a prelude to it a meeting of his followers would be held on Friday and later hold press conference. According to plans, first leg of his tour will involve 10 days visiting 10 drought hit districts.The former CM is also reportedly discussed on schemes and files related to key departments including public works department and water resources.Speculation was rife that the party high command has warned the former chief minister ahead of his tour. In reference to former chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda and party's national general secretary H N Ananth Kumar , the BJP leaders is said to have told him not make derogatory statement against any of the leaders within BJP during the course of state tour. The party is said to have told he (Yeddyurappa) can't be using BJP flag and platform if he is taking anti-party activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15516781", "title": "Our Olympic medalists truly inspire me: Irfan Pathan", "text": "Irfan Pathan on his recent heroics in Sri Lanka, World Cup dreams, brother Yusuf and more in a dil se chat with Ahmedabad times.The swing is back, and so is that charming smile which makes women go weak in the knees. Selected against Sri Lanka only after Vinay Kumar got injured, Irfan Pathan responded with two consecutive man-of-the-match performances. Not only did he finish as the most successful Indian bowler in the ODIs, Irfan also cemented his place in Team India for the upcoming T20 World Cup.As we catch up with the star all-rounder at his bungalow, Irfan is in a jovial mood. As someone knocks on the gate, the prankster yells, \"Arre, ghar pe koi nahin hai!\" before bursting into laughter and opening it. With a childlike glee, he tells us, \"I got back to Vadodara only on Sunday afternoon and ammi prepared four yummy dishes in the evening, including the mouth-watering biryani! For us, a family dinner is the best way to celebrate a special occasion.\" And least you thought he would rest on his laurels, Irfan quickly dispels those fears, \"I am at home for this holy month but soon, I will be off to National Cricket Academy Bangalore for some intense practise sessions.\" Excerpts from the interview:CONQUERING LANKADestiny played its part, but I worked hard too! Sometimes, pressure makes you do stupid things. I am glad that I kept my cool in tight situations. I love taking challenges head on and this performance has given me a lot of confidence!EMOTIONAL OUTBURSTSBecause of the experiences I have been through in life, I have calmed down a lot. But on a couple of occasions (during his five wicket haul and hitting a winning four), I was so involved in the moment that I celebrated in an animated manner. Sometimes, it's important to let yourself go!YUVI ROCKS!Just a day before the World Cup team was announced, I was at Yuvraj Singh's home. I am delighted to see him back and it's nothing short of a miracle! He looks very confident and that's bad news for our opponents!T20 WORLD CUP DREAMSQuite a few members from the 2007 World Cup winning team are there and that experience will help. Also, the fact that we have played in Sri Lanka recently will act as a huge advantage.'OLYMPIC' TALKIn Sri Lanka, Gautam (Gambhir) was following every Indian athlete's performance in London very closely and kept us updated. I was following my favourites closely on the internet - Saina Nehwal and Vijender Singh. I am truly inspired by these six medallists and believe some of them will win gold next time!GAME FREAK!Of late, I have developed a keen interest in online gaming and I love slaying zombies on the web (laughs)!ALI THE GREATIf I ever feel low, I just look at Muhammad Ali's career graph for inspiration. Besides, I love some of his sayings!YUSUF WILL BE BACKAs professional cricketers, we know that ups and downs are a part and parcel of the game. Yusuf is a lion-hearted guy and a true fighter. He remains focused as ever and is working very hard. I believe he will soon make a comeback to the national team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517222", "title": "Nokia launching Windows 8 Lumia on Sept 5?", "text": "Smartphone buyers can gear up to see the new Lumia range from Nokia around the time Apple launches its most keenly awaited iPhone model. According to reports, Nokia and Microsoft have called for a joint press conference at 9.30 am in New York on September 5, 2012.Though no details have been shared with media, the development has given rise to speculations that the Finnish manufacturer will showcase its new line of Lumia smartphones featuring Windows 8 operating system at the event. What lends credence to the speculation is a statement attributed to Nokia CEO Stephen Elop who had said Wednesday that the company will 'soon' launch a smartphone running on Windows 8.Many expect Nokia to launch the rumoured Lumia Phi, which is said to have a 4.3-inch touchscreen, runs on Qualcomm S4 dual-core Snapdragon processor, and has NFC and LTE capabilities. This device, if launched, will probably take the place of Nokia Lumia 900 as the flagship device of the company.A Finnish newspaper called Helsingin Sanomat has also said that Nokia will also launch a Windows 8 powered tablet during this event. However, the move seems surprising since Microsoft is scheduled to showcase its own Surface tablet on October 26.Interestingly, the event will be held just a week before the next generation Apple iPhone is expected to be launched on September 12, 2012. The second generation Samsung Galaxy Note smartphone too is expected to be launched within the next two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "tuticorin", "code": "15510307", "title": "Three killed in road accident", "text": "TUTICORIN: A man, his wife and child were killed in a road accident as the two-wheeler in which they were travelling was hit by a speeding government bus on Wednesday morning in Tuticorin district.J Anthony Selvaraj (27) from Adaikalapuram, along with his wife Sakila (25) and their three-year-old son were returning from Arumuganeri in a two-wheeler. After they crossed some distance from Arumuganeri, a government bus from Tiruchendur to Periakulam hit their vehicle near the Govt Hr Sec School. All the three suffered serious injuries and were rushed to the Tiruchendur government hospital but later referred to the Tuticorin GH. But they died on the way to the hospital and were declared brought dead.Police sources said that they filed a case against the bus driver, B Rajendran (50). The family was returning from Arumuganeri to Adaikalapuram after attending service in a church. Initial investigation revealed that the bus driver was over-speeding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510200", "title": "\u2018Won\u2019t tolerate girl child killing\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Advocating the need to intensify save the girl child campaign, Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday said that there was a need to adopt a zero tolerance policy against female feticide.She said that the decreasing number of girls is a cause of concern as it was affecting the balance of nature. \"It is time to intensify the campaign. There is a need for zero tolerance towards female foeticide which will go a long way in ensuring a better future of the country and humanity,\" she said at a function organized by the Nanhi Chhanv Foundation and Arsha Dharma Parishad.\"There is no difference between girls and boys in the modern society as girls have proved their mettle and competence in all fields. All of us have to work hard and intensify 'Save Girl Child' movement as the fututre of the country and humanity depends on it,\" she said.The function was also attended by T K A Nair, advisor to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. Youth present at the function took a pledge not to accept dowry during their marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "15509236", "title": "Child lost and found in government hospital", "text": "BIKANER: Tension prevailed at government PBM hospital in Bikaner on Tuesday when a newly born child was found missing. Later the child was found in another ward.Superintendent of PBM Hospital, Satish Kachchhawa, told TOI that one Imrati Devi of Rekhranisar village of Kolayat Tehsil was admitted to PBM Hospital on Tuesday afternoon where she delivered a male baby at around 1.30 pm. After delivery, the baby was in labour room, but after a short while, the on-duty nurse informed the head of the department Sudesh Agrawal that child is missing from labour room, who in turn informed superintendent. When the information reached the family of Imrati Devi, they created a ruckus and large number of people gathered around the labour room. Many social activists also rushed to the hospital.Kachchhawa said that immediately police was informed and circle officer (Sadar) S S Meena alongwith policemen rushed to hospital. Police blocked all the routes going outside the hospital and started investigation. They quizzed on-duty staff and other people present in and around labour room. After some time, the baby was found in adjoining ward which later put under medical examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510178", "title": "Court succour for ailing policeman", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has come to the rescue of a Delhi Police ACP who is battling a life threatening disease and was denied medicines when he refused to pay bribe.Justice Suresh Kait asked the Central Government Health Scheme authorities to immediately provide necessary prescribed medicines to Gajender Singh, who has alleged the officials at CGHS demanded bribe from him to furnish medicines.Singh, who is posted as ACP in Crime Against Women Cell, told HC despite being entitled to re-imbursement and medicines from the CGHS dispensary, the official in charge refused to give the same and brazenly demanded bribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15521374", "title": "Chinese influence in Nepal a matter of concern: Seema Sashastra Bal IG", "text": "KOLKATA: Avinash Chandra, inspector general, Seema Sashastra Bal (SSB), Siliguri Frontier, said on Wednesday that increasing Chinese influence in Nepal is a matter of grave concern. He also referred to the ISI's activities in Nepal and the sponsorship of terror activities. The IG was delivering a speech on the occasion of Independence Day at Ranidanga in Darjeeling. The SSB is in charge of patrolling the Indo-Nepal border.\"\"Difficult times are ahead as the Chinese influence in Nepal is increasing. Pakistan's ISI activities and sponsorship of terror activities too has increased. Hence, there is a need for each one of us to focus on our priority areas and not allow any scope for cross-border crimes to take shape. We need to be resolute in seizing FICN, drugs and narcotics, preventing human trafficking and the smuggling of arms and ammunition,\" Chandra said.On Wednesday, Indian and Chinese troops participated in a Special Border Personnel Meet at Nathu-La (14,130 feet) in East Sikkim. The meet was organized to celebrate Independence Day at the historic silk route between the two ancient civilizations. The Indian and Chinese delegations were led by Brigadier Ravi Jhaldiyal and Senior Colonel Wang Ji Ping. A joint cultural program was organized to showcase the cultures of both countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15510852", "title": "Reclassify Versova creek too, say developers", "text": "When Khar Danda developers sought a reclassification of the area as creek area, a similar demand was made for Versova creek. Recently, a developer raised the CRZ reclassification issue in a litigation in a MHADA redevelopment matter on the Juhu Link Road, sources said.\"The Bombay HC has directed the Maharashtra Coastal Zone Management Authority to take a decision on the matter within six months,\" said officials. Here too, the error is the same, that of applying the 500m restriction from the sea rather than the 150m from the creek, said officials. The decision will change the fate of large swathes of land between Juhu and Andheri, said sources.\"This area is completely out of CRZ. There is already the Rajiv Gandhi college internal road and the Juhu- Versova Link road.It is a misinterpretation of the CRZ laws. It has been applied to an area where urbanization has already taken place several years before the notification came into force,\" said Rishi Agarwal, member, Mangrove Society of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "15511815", "title": "Hope for cure of heroin, morphine addiction", "text": "Melbourne: There is new hope for drug addicts as Australian scientists claim to have made a discovery that could cure heroin and morphine addictions. The discovery could lead to better pain relief without the risk of addiction to prescription drugs, while also helping heroin users kick the habit. A team of Australian and international researchers have shown for the first time that blocking an immune receptor , called TLR4, stopped opioid cravings, Mark Hutchinson of University of Adelaide said. \"Both the central nervous system and the immune system play important roles in creating addiction, but our studies have shown we only need to block the immune response in the brain to prevent cravings for opioid drugs,\" Hutchinson said. The team which worked with a team from the University of Colorado Boulder, used an existing drug to target and block the TLR4 receptor, AAP reported. The report also suggests that the US based National Institutes on Drug Abuse was further developing the drug to test in clinical trials.Hutchinson said this could lead to clinical trials on patients in next two or three years time. The success of such trials would mean that opioid drugs used to treat acute pain could potentially be co-formulated with the additional drugs to limit the chance of addiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15512755", "title": "Navi Mumbai hospital offers cheap cardiac care", "text": "MUMBAI: Navi Mumbai based Shushrusha Heart Care Centre and speciality hospital becomes the first to provide affordable cardiac care in the satellite city. Under association with the Healthy Heart for All, it will provide free heart checkups and financing options for people below poverty line to make cardiac procedures affordable.The hospital caters to patients from all Navi Mumbai and adjoining areas like Thane and even Raigad. Devices such as stents and pacemakers are made available through loans and easy monthly installments making it a major draw among patients.Director of Shushrusha hospital Dr Sanjay Tarlekar said, \"This initiative by Medtronic Pvt. Ltd. is a welcome relief for patients and hospitals alike. In the near future, we are planning to set up camps for heart consultation and to create more awareness about this initiative among people. I hope this goes a long way and more and more hospitals adopt this facility for the betterment of their patients.\"Tarlekar claimed the hospital has done maximum cases in Navi Mumbai of ASD, VSD and PDA closure by device implantation and also more than 400 congenital cardiac surgeries in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510988", "title": "Fewer flight delays last month than in June", "text": "Mumbai: Flight delays continue to haunt flyers at Mumbai airport even in the month of July. As per the monthly data released by Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL), 190 flights were delayed at least once in five times they operated to or from the airport. This number included both departing as well as arriving flights. The good news, however, is that the delays in July were a wee bit less than June.As per the data released by MIAL, 67 departing flights were delayed at least 20 percent of the time they took-off from Mumbai airport. Some of these flights were delayed almost 70 percent of the time they departed. Jet airways had most number of departure delays with 18 flights getting departing behind schedule at least once in five occasions. Air India (AI) followed with 17 flights and Spice Jet with 16. GoAir had the least number of delays with only five flights being recurrently delayed. As many as 123 flights arriving into the city were delayed as well, making the total tally of 190 flight delays. In June, 201 flights were delayed in total.Airport officials said that the delays have reduced a bit due to Kingfisher not operating its scheduled flights. \"Kingfisher is not operating more than 80% of its usual flights. This has generally brought the number of delays down. Apart from that, most airlines are still operating many flights behind schedule,\" a senior airport official said. Officials said that Jet airways tops the list of delays primarily because it operates the most number of flights, combined with its low-cost arms Jetlite and Jet Konnect.\"AI and Jet airways will always be on top of the list mostly because the frequency of their flights is much more. Similarly, they operate to more sectors compared to the low-cost-carriers,\" an official said.According to officials, the minute drop in the delay in July compared to June could be attributed to less number of flights. 'Despite a curtailed schedule, Kingfisher airline has cancelled or clubbed flights,\" an official said. \"The situation will improve only if there is a considerable dip in the number of flights getting delayed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15513943", "title": "R-Patz rings in happier times at NY stock exchange", "text": "Heartbroken Robert Pattinson got the chance to ring the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday as he recovers from his recent love split from longtime girlfriend Kristen Stewart .The actor went into hiding shortly after she issued a public apology for cheating on him with married director Rupert Sanders.But the star has now returned to the spotlight with an interview on 'The Daily Show' and is scheduled to make a number of appearances to promote his new film 'Cosmopolis', the Daily Express reported.A trip to Wall Street was among one of them, where he was invited to kick-start the financial day for brokers and traders.Pattinson was also joined by 'Cosmopolis' director David Cronenberg on the floor of the historic NYSE to ring the bell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15519852", "title": "Pakistan bans Salman Khan\u2019s Ek Tha Tiger", "text": "MUMBAI: Salman Khan's 'Ek Tha Tiger' (ETT) has been banned by the Pakistan censor board. Though there is no official announcement from the board, but Pakistani distributor Atif Rashid told TOI, \"I was just told the film cannot be released in Pakistan and there will be further discussion on it.\" ETT was to release with 35 prints in Pakistan on Eid.Filmmaker Kabir Khan said, \"It is sad a film that promotes peace and friendship between countries has fallen victim to politics.\" Trade pundits feel ETT had potential of doing a business of Rs 10 cr. Khan said, \"It is not about the money loss but a film with good intention failed to release in Pakistan though places like Dubai and London which has a mixed population of Indians and Pakistanis have reacted positively to the film.\"Nearly half a dozen films in the last five years have been banned in Pakistan. The last film to be banned in Pakistan was Saif Ali Khan's 'Agent Vinod' which also had mentions of Pakistan's intelliegence agency ISI. A Pakistani filmmaker said, \"Any Indian film with mention of ISI will not get a release in Pakistan so filmmakers need to keep that in mind if they want to help that territory grow.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15516337", "title": "Nitish denies saying he will cut ties with BJP if Narendra Modi is made PM candidate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Thursday denied having given any interview to a magazine to say that he will break his alliance with BJP if Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi is made its prime ministerial candidate in the next elections.\"I never gave any interview to the magazine which has been quoted in the news,\" Kumar said.He was referring to a reported interview in a news magazine which had later pulled it out of its website.JD(U) leader Sharad Yadav also dismissed the reported interview.\"I have not talked to anybody but I know him (Kumar) for so many years. He cannot make such remarks,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15520606", "title": "Missing the point on policing the moral police", "text": "BANGALORE: Weeks after the outrageous attack on youngsters in Mangalore, a section of society is delivering homilies on women and culture. Nobody, though, wants to dig deep into the crux of the problem -- the deteriorating law and order and increasing crimes against women. These blinkers have only strengthened the cause of Hindu fundamentalists.This is when the BJP needed to unleash the plucky spirit of its organizations in support of women. Instead, the stakeholder (women's) groups have only succeeded in grandstanding and verbal bomb-throwing.All this was evident at a seminar in Bangalore on Monday when some prominent women writers and activists articulated concerns on the need for modest dressing and preserving traditional values. Karnataka's State Women's commission chairperson C Manjula added fuel to fire saying: We shouldn't ignore the other side of the attack on girls in Mangalore which is about immodest dressing, illegal and immoral activities.'' Advocate and former women's commission chairperson Pramila Nesargi made it too obvious: The perpetrators of the attack were only trying to prevent young people going astray.'' Scholar M Chidananda Murthy said: There were reasons to look beyond the attack, as there is a serious threat to the culture''In sum, vilifying women has become the substitute for genuine problem- solving. It's certainly easier for interest groups to blame the victims than to take responsibility for a realistic solution that requires political will.Ridiculing the debate, writer G Rajshekar says: \"In our country everywhere we make someone scapegoat for any failure because we don't want to dig deep to find out the real problem. In the case of Mangalore attack it is the victims (women). Instead we have to recognize the issue as a state problem, and put our heads together, eschewing organizations and party-level differences. If not, the BJP and other parties will carry on with the blame game, leading nowhere. One way is to find is to put a new legislation to deal with moral policing and instill a sense of fear among them''How do we get to the crux of the problem? According to M N Patil, a political analyst: \"If the interest groups come to the table and honestly look one another in the eye, there is reason for arriving at a solution. The groups would have to soften their self-serving objectives to embrace the concept of achieving the greater good for people particularly women.''Given the diversity of our cultures and the increasing influence of a globalized world, the definitions of sartorial \"presentability\" too differ. What's needed is the ability to distinguish the definition of individual rights and lawlessness that pretends to protect \"moral values\". Just why the Mangalore incident can't be seen as a law and order problem is the moot question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15514000", "title": "Justin Theroux gives Aniston 'huge' diamond ring", "text": "Jennifer Aniston was reportedly blown away by the huge eight-carat diamond engagement ring that her fiance Justin Theroux proposed her with.The 43-year-old actress and the actor have been dating for around 15 months and got engaged on his 41st birthday on Friday.\"It's a huge emerald-cut (eight-carat) diamond,\" the Daily Telegraph quoted a friend as telling Life and Style magazine.\"It's a rectangle with tapered diamond baguettes on the sides. It's beautiful.\"Just after Jen got engaged, she called all her friends and told them about it. She was so happy and said she loves the ring. I think she was overwhelmed and overjoyed by the size and beauty of it!\" the friend added.The couple are reportedly planning to wed in Greece later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15522020", "title": "Surat to have 6 escalator foot overbridges", "text": "SURAT: Walking in the city is set to get a tad pleasuresome. Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has decided to construct six foot overbridges (FOB) equipped with escalators in the city.It will be for the first time in the state that FOBs with escalators will be built.Each bridge will cost around of Rs 2.25 crore to 2.50 crore. Each bridge will have elevators on both sides, a CCTV and staircase for the downward journey on either side.These bridges will be constructed on build, own, operate and transfer (BOOT) system under public-private partnership (PPP).Civic body had called in tenders from private entrepreneurs for 14 FOBs at different locations in the city. Of these 14, six places, where maximum revenue generation and footfall is expected will be equipped with escalators. The tenders will be opened on August 17 and bridges will be ready in a year.Jaydeep Chauhan, executive Engineer, Traffic Cell of SMC said, \"The lease period will be of 30 years as estimated costing for the construction of one unit works up to Rs 2.5 crore.\"The escalators will be placed for upward motion at six places on both the sides of the bridge along with 8x8 lifts to carry 20 passengers at a time.At present, only four cities of the country namely Delhi, Jaipur, Indore and Hyderabad have such FOBs with escalators.The locations which are earmarked for FOBs with escalators are Chowpathy at Athwalines , near Iscon Mall at Gaurav Path on Dumas road, near railway station , on LH road, near Man darwaja on Ring road and on Varacha main road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15512962", "title": "Delhi govt should act to secure streetlight poles", "text": "The PWD and BSES must not be allowed to play passing the parcel on this one. The bottomline is that there is already a victim of their failure to ensure the poles are secure and many more could be at risk if things are not set right immediately. The top levels of the Delhi government must intervene if necessary to fix responsibility for the maintenance of these poles. If the bolts that hold them firm are being stolen, merely lamenting that fact will get us nowhere. A solution must be found. If that means more permanent means of fixing them to the ground, it must be done on a war footing. Meanwhile,responsibility must be fixed for the accident that has taken place and compensation paid.Related story : Watch out for poles toppling over", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "15510028", "title": "On I-Day, Pak sends sweets, then bullets", "text": "JAMMU: Hours after exchange of sweets and greetings on the Indo-Pak border between troops of the two sides, Pakistan rangers on Wednesday fired at Indian forward post in Samba sector, violating ceasefire for the seventh time in the past 11 days.\"There was small arms firing at Indian border outpost of Pansar along International Border in Samba sector around late this afternoon,\" a senior BSF officer said. Firing by Pakistan rangers started around 3.30pm and was on intermittently, the officer said, adding that BSF troops guarding the borderline replied back. There was no injury or damage caused in the firing.There have been 31 ceasefire violations this year followed by 51 cases in 2011 and 44 cases in 2010. The recent firings and ceasefire violations by Pakistan come close on the heels of detection of a 400-meter-long tunnel in Samba sector on July 28and subsequent lodging of protest over the tunnel issue on July 31. \"All activities across LoC are continuously monitored. Measures like strengthening of defences, deployment and military modernization are factored into our plans,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "15509499", "title": "Restaurant in Candolim burgled", "text": "CANDOLIM: A bar and restaurant in Candolim was robbed on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday.According to the Calangute police, Premanand Surya Khandolkar, a resident of Vadiwada, Candolim, lodged a complaint stating that between 10.30pm on August 12 and 10.30am on August 13, unknown persons broke into Nitendra bar and restaurant in Candolim through the back door and decamped with the cash box containing 10,000, a 43-inch LCD TV along with the remote worth 55,000 and a cellphone worth 500.The Calangute police have registered an offence under Section 457 and Section 380 of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC). PSI Deyani Naik is conducting further investigations into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15476033", "title": "Do Indian women need vagina tightening gel?", "text": "As if products offering fairness and freshness in your nether regions were not enough, it's now time to surgically tighten the area.Visuals of a traditional, sari-clad woman singing, I feel like a virgin, have been doing the rounds on social networking sites. A commercial for a vaginal tightening gel, seems to signal the Indian woman's openness in talking about sex. Her sexuality is no longer codified in a wet sari. Sex and sexual pleasure for the woman seem to come at a price: a light and tight vagina. While the products have their fair share of detractors, it has sparked off a debate about Indian women and their uncomfortable relationship with their vaginas. Why the need for such products? Adman Harish Bijoor opines, \"The Indian market is a democracy,\" adding, \"These products have now entered the Indian market because the Indian consumer has fulfilled his/her basic necessities of food, shelter, etc., and can now fulfil his/her desires. These are niche products,\" he says.Activist Jasmeen Patheja, believes that the gel, in particular, builds a market by selling the idea of virginity. \"Vaginal tightening gels are not a 'need', but they are creating a market by playing on the notion of 'virginity'. It's playing with the taboo of not being a virgin, and glorifying virginity. The admakers are cashing in on this by manipulating the Indian middle class morals and then calling it 'empowerment'. It's clever, wrong and twisted.\" she says. Women empowered? The International Vagina Dialogue Survey conducted in 2009 reveals that 60% of the women worldwide think that their nether regions are ugly and disproportionate. No wonder, then, Rishi Bhatia, chairman and managing director of the pharmaceutical company that has launched the gel, was quoted as saying that the product can re-define the meaning of women's empowerment. Is that the case? \"We don't need a product cashing in on the problematic notion of virginity sold in the name of women empowerment, and then calling her a sexually-liberated woman,\" says Jasmeen. \"After all,\" asks a women's activist, on condition of anonymity, \"Isn't the first sexual experience connected with pain?\" Any takers? Stand-up comedian Rubi Chakravarti, who is flabbergasted at the thought of these cosmetic products, says, \"Indian women are strong and they want to get on with their lives. I'm sure these products are the brainchild of a man.\" The reality is however, different: college girls repeatedly enquire about cosmetic products to beautify their lady bits. In fact, gynaecologist Kamini Rao says that women now use deos, peppermint sprays, and talcum powder for better oral sex. \"What they don't often know is that talcum powder creates a condition known as talc granuloma, which is a tumour. Women should read the fine print and make sure these products don't contain phenols which can cause a number of problems in the region,\" she says, adding, \"There are college girls who ask me if mouth sprays can be used down there.\" Is it here to stay? While visuals of sexual intimacy get telecast in these commercials, the subtext is glaring: women need to spruce up their private parts for sex, and the intimacy derived from it. Kamini reveals that women between the age-group of 20 and 25 are now going in for hymenoplasty: a surgery to stitch up one's hymen. But are these products here to stay? \"It will create a controversy and a national debate and Indian women will distance themselves from it,\" says Harish. rushali.pawar@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15511917", "title": "Militants attack Pakistan air force base believed to house nuclear weapons", "text": "ISLAMABAD: A group of terrorists on Thursday stormed a key Pakistan Air Force base in Punjab province that is believed to house nuclear weapons, triggering an intense gun battle with security forces that lasted over three hours.The terrorists, some of whom were reportedly wearing military uniforms, sneaked into Kamra airbase at about 2am despite a state of high alert at the facility.About 10 attackers breached at least three barriers and tried to target Saab-2000 surveillance aircraft, TV news channels quoted their sources as saying.At least five to six attackers were gunned down by commandos by 5am, TV news channels reported.Explosives were attached to the body of one attacker, the channels reported.The attackers could have had help from elements within the airbase, Geo News channel quoted its sources as saying.The terrorists reportedly entered the airbase from Pind Suleman Makhan, a village adjoining the PAF facility.The PAF sought help from the army and troops from an elite anti-terrorism commando unit in the garrison city of Rawalpindi were dispatched to Kamra.Several Western media reports in the past have said that nuclear weapons are based at the Kamra complex, which is home to an airbase and the Pakistan Aeronautical Complex that assembles JF-17 combat jets and drones.Witnesses told the media they had heard intense firing and several explosions from within the airbase.A photo posted on micro-blogging site Twitter by a resident of Kamra showed flames and black smoke rising into the sky within the airbase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "townsville", "code": "15515104", "title": "Ravikant claims five as India enter quarters of Under-19 World Cup", "text": "TOWNSVILLE: Medium pacer Ravikant Singh returned with a five-for as Indian colts thumped minnows Papua New Guinea by 107 runs to enter the quarterfinals of the Under-19 Cricket World Cup, on Thursday.Ravikant produced a fine seam bowling display to bundle out Papua New Guinea for meagre 97 runs in 32 overs in pursuit of a victory target of 204 set by India.The 18-year-old pacer from Kolkata first accounted for wicket-keeper batsman Dogodo Bau before dismissing Vagi Oala and Sese Bau in quick succession to leave the opponents tottering at 54/5 in the 19th over.Ravikant then claimed Chad Sopar and Kabua Vagi Morea on alternate deliveries of his ninth over to finish with impressive figures of five for 21 from his nine overs.Kamal Passi and Baba Aprajith claimed two wickets each while Vikas Mishra claimed one wicket.For Papua New Guinea, the only notable contribution came from the blade of Charles Amini (28) and Christopher Kent (27).India's batting woes in the tournament, however, continued as they were bundled out for 204 in 46 overs after electing to bat earlier in the day.Had it not been for a 72-run knock from Vijay Zol and a well constructed 58 from Prashant Chopra, India would have struggled to even cross the 200-run mark.The only other useful contribution came from wicketkeeper Smit Patel (30).The Indian colts got an early jolt when skipper Unmukt Chand (4) returned to the hut in the second over.Aparajith (14) and Hanuma Vihari (6) followed suit without contributing much and with Chopra falling in the 23rd over, it was left to Zol and Patel to take India to a respectability total.The pair stitched together a partnership of 82-runs for the sixth wicket before Patel perished in the 39th over.The tail-enders also could not contribute much to the India total.Brief scores: India 204 all-out (Vijay Zol 72, Prashant Chopra 58; Chad Soper 5/32, Toua Tom 2/26)Papua New Guinea 97 all-out (Charles Amini 28, Christopher Kent 27; Ravikant Singh 5/21, Kamal Passi 2/18).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15510928", "title": "Spy saga may net 30 crore on Day 1", "text": "Mumbai: Actor Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger is likely to set a box-office record of sorts by notching the highest-ever first-day collections. While Ek Tha Tiger is set to cross Rs 30 crore on the first day of its release, Hrithik Roshan-starrer Agneepath held the record earlier by collecting Rs 23 crore on its first day.Khan's previous hits - Bodyguard and Ready - also posted high earnings at the box-office on their first day of release, at Rs 21 crore and Rs 12.5 crore respectively.Khan is known for choosing his film's releases around Id. Not many analysts believe this is a good decision because it's considered a period of austerity. Trade analyst Amod Mehra said, The industry felt Ek Tha Tiger's release during Ramzan was not wise as most single-screen audience would stay away from watching films in this period.'' However, he said that Ek Tha Tiger witnessed heavy blackmarketing of tickets at many single screen today-an indicator of rapid business in Bollywood circles.Box-office pundits feel the Salman Khan-starrer will scale other Bollywood highs as well. Statistically speaking, they felt that it would also reach the magic figure of Bollywood - 100 crore - in the shortest possible time. Said Vishal Anand of Fun Cinemas, Ek Tha Tiger has not only got the biggest opening ever, many of our multiplexes will mark their highest single-day collection with this film.'' He estimates that the film will break the 100-crore mark in five days as against a week needed by other blockbusters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "madhugiri (tumkur district)", "code": "15511538", "title": "Madhugiri revels in independence spirit", "text": "MADHUGIRI (Tumkur district): He's been there, done that. Wary all along that British police would hunt him down. But on Wednesday, NV Krishnamachari, 96, returned to Madhugiri fort in Tumkur district a jubilant man. The freedom fighter was accompanied by three comrades, their families and scores of Independence Day celebrants.Madhugiri fort, about 110kms from Bangalore city, was awash with the tricolour and resonated with cries of Vande Mataram. A huge crowd had turned up to greet the freedom fighters.The fort was the favourite hideout of freedom fighters from Bagepalli, Kolar and Tumkur on the run from the British. Their only means of sustenance was honey from beehives in the ramparts of the fort. \"Madhugiri fort has saved us many times during the freedom struggle. As youngsters, we'd cut the telegraph wires of the British and hide in the stone structures within this fort,\" recalled Krishamachari.\"My father told me about his Madhugiri fort escapades and how freedom fighters survived on honey they found in the fort,\" his daughter Jhansi Rani Lakshmi told TOI.NR Mathad, 90, and VS Hallikeri, 88, were the other freedom fighters from Bangalore who took part in the flag-hoisting event at the foot of the hillock. The flag was later carried to the top.Several Bangaloreans came to soak in the celebrations. \"I mailed the significance and details of the Madhugiri fort celebrations to all 196 foreign embassies in India,\" said Davil Lama, a Class XII student from Canadian International School.\"It's nice to discover a place in our surroundings that has played a prominent role in our Independence struggle,\" said Amar Lama and Sharmila Lama, a Darjeeling-based couple living in Bangalore.\"I heard about the Madhugiri hills but am seeing it today,\" said freedom fighter D N Sampath in his late eighties.POLICE UNEASYVolunteers of the NGO Naavu Bharathiyaru Foundation want to celebrate Independence Day atop Madhugiri fort every year. But Madhugiri police and taluk administration are not happy as they have to deal with thousands of revellers.Surging crowds put an enormous strain on the administration. In an advisory to the NGO, police pointed out they put their lives at risk to ensure people go up and climb down safely. \"It's not safe to climb the steep hillock. The railings are weak. Not more than 100 people can be allowed atop the hill,\" V Nirmala, police sub-inspector, told TOI.If one person loses her balance on the route, it could trigger a series of accidents. \"Several college students come to the fort and harass girls. We've spotted some illegal activities too,\" said police. Admitting that stalkers are a problem, Sudha M, a Madhugiri college student, said: \"We ensure we're in groups. Yet youths try to harass us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15518459", "title": "Salman copies Shah Rukh Khan?", "text": "Shah Rukh Khan had gotten into a habit of wearing a checkered scarf about 3 years back. Salman's done the same in Ek Tha Tiger.Whatever Salman does becomes a rage. From hanging his sunglasses on the back of his shirt collar to sporting a moustache in Dabangg...the superstar inspired many.In his latest outing as a spy in Ek Tha Tiger, the actor is seen wearing a checkered scarf around his neck as he takes his rivals down in the Middle East.The scarf has become famous, with his fans wanting to buy the same. However, the scarf was made famous by Shah Rukh Khan around 3 years back! SRK wore it at events and IPL. He even sported it during Billu promotions.Salman's stylists seem to be clearly inspired by SRK.But the question is who wore it better! Salman scores more in this department!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15511421", "title": "Bike-thief nabbed, confesses to stealing 6 vehicles", "text": "GURGAON: On Tuesday evening, a vehicle lifter was caught red-handed when he tried to steal a bike which was parked in front of a developer's office in DLF-II.The police lodged an FIR and arrested him. The accused is a native of Mewat and he confessed to having stolen six vehicles in the city. Police produced him before the duty magistrate's court and had him sent in judicial custody.\"The accused has been identified as Sahil, a native of Mewat. When the bike owner caught him red-handed, he tried to flee the spot but the security guard managed to overpower him,\" said Jagdish Prasad, SHO, DLF-II police station.\"We have lodged an FIR against Sahil under Section 393/394 IPC,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15519744", "title": "Fiza death: No conclusion of heart failure, say doctors", "text": "PATIALA: The mystery surrounding the death of Anuradha Bali aka Fiza continues as the pathology department of a local hospital could not arrive at any conclusion about the reason for her cardiac arrest.A team led by the head of the department at Rajindra Hospital, Dr Manjeet Singh , Dr Anil Suri and Vijay Kumar Bodna, both associate professors have examined the heart samples of Fiza which was in a \"highly decomposed\" state.\"We have received the heart in a very decomposed state,\" Dr Bal told reporters here on Thursday.He said that the decomposition of the victim's body for 3-4 days has led to autolysis of cells.Elaborating autolysis, Dr Bal said that autolytic cell destruction is uncommon in living adult organisms and usually occurs in injured cells or dying tissue. The doctors have re-examined the heart and arrived at the conclusion that the cause of death is due to autolysis, he said, adding that it is not clear from the samples why she had a heart failure.Anuradha Bali (39), the estranged wife of former Haryana Deputy Chief Minister Chandermohan, was found dead at her residence in Mohali near here on August 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15509616", "title": "Fear over the settlement", "text": "MYSORE: Minutes before Tibetan youth Tenzin Dargyal, 22, was attacked, two assailants did a recce of the area and thrust a dagger into his abdomen.Though shocked and bleeding, the youth walked some 60ft and informed people at an eatery frequented by Tibetans before collapsing. He was rushed to Krishnarajendra Hospital and the weapon removed from his body 45 minutes after the attack.The narrow stretch that connects Devaraja Mohalla to Dhanwantri Road is frequented by Tibetans who live Bylakuppe and Gurupura camps.Reconstructing the incident, police said two bike-borne youths circled the area and stood outside a lodge opposite the eatery. As the youth walked to the main road at 6.45pm, they followed and stabbed him and fled to Dhanwantri Road and escaped.Within minutes, the police control room vehicle, the mobile unit of the control room, rushed to the spot. When they shifted the youth to the hospital, he held on to the weapon.Police are baffled why the assailants attacked the youth in the city centre. Though the stretch is narrow, it is crowded and well lit too.Police suspect the victim was picked at random since he was walking alone. This rules out the personal enmity angle, sources said. Cops have sent teams to Bylakuppe to try and get more information about the youth.The youth has been in Mysore for two days, helping two Tibetan monks from Mundgod near Hubli. The monks were outpatients at a hospital here. Preliminary investigation revealed that he arrived at Bylakuppe in 2000 and attended a school at the camp. He was staying with a friend at the camp.Fear prevails in communityMysore: A day after the attack on a Tibetan youth, Tibetan students and employees in Mysore are under tremendous stress. Some of them have returned to Tibetan settlements in Bylakuppe and Gurupura in Mysore district while some have sought police protection. Working Tibetans, especially nurses, have taken leave and uncertain about continuing work for some time.Community leaders have alerted people to be watchful. Tibetans suspect the attack could be because of misleading posts on social media networks about the situation in Assam and Burma. Tibetans who spoke to TOI requested not too many details about them be revealed.Tibetan parliament-in-exile member Lobsang Yeshi expressed shock over the attack and suspected it's an act of people with ulterior motives and those misled by wrong information. \"It's perhaps the first such attack on Tibetans in India. We're worried about the safety of our people,\" Yeshi said.Tibetan camp leaders sent a communique to all Tibetans in Mysore regions to take precautions and be careful.Tensing Pasang, a research scholar, said he didn't expect it to happen to Tibetans who have been living amicably here for six decades. \"When I heard about the incident, I alerted all Tibetan students and employees especially nursing professionals.\"A college has announced five days leave to Tibetan students and another has asked its students to go in groups.Another Tibetan student Lobsang Tsering claimed such incidents will obviously make feel any community members insecure. \"Students living in different areas of Mysore are afraid of going out. Police have extended security at their places but many have left for Tibetan settlements,\" he added.Security tightened at BylakuppeSecurity has been tightened at Bylakuppe, the first Tibetan settlement camp in Karnataka, and at Gurupur, both in Mysore district following the attack.Cops have collected details of Tibetans living in Mysore and posted cops at four areas where they are concentrated as a precautionary measure. Police chief KL Sudheer met Tibetan leaders too.Around 3,000 Tibetans settled in early 1960s at Bylakuppe. Now, it has 20,000 Tibetans with the place being a window to their traditional way of life, their monasteries and places of worship. The majestic Golden Temple at Bylakuppe is a tourist spot.Located 90km from the city, the settlement is a pioneer rehabilitation project. Each family was allotted three acres. Thanks to support from the Karnataka government, former CMs S Nijalingappa and D Devaraj Urs in particular, the undivided Mysore district became home. Gurupura settlement came up near Hunsur in 1971 and Odeyarapalya settlement in Kollegal in Chamarajnagar district spread over 3,000 acres was established in 1974.Filed by Aravind/Milton/Cleared by Naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511205", "title": "Govt sets up project office for satellite town", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government is keen on going ahead with the 2,160 crore Thirumazhisai township project in neighbouring Tiruvallur district despite protests from residents of nearby villages who fear it will pose environmental hazards. An exclusive division office, set up recently near Poonamallee, would help speed up the process of land acquisition, sources said.\"The staff will help hold negotiations with the villagers and ensure smooth execution of the programme that has been marred by controversies,\" a senior official said.With the help of the Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure and Financial Services Limited, the Tamil Nadu Housing Board zeroed in on a consultant to build the integrated township on 311.05 acres. Lands spread across Kuthambakkam, Narasingapuram, Pravatharajapuram and Vellavedu villages have been acquired.The project, which has been affected by protests since it was announced in 1996, will have 12,000 units.The township was originally planned to be constructed on 2,500 acres, but shrunk to 476 acres in 2006 and by the time the AIADMK government granted sanction in 2011, the land had been scaled down to 311.05 acres.\"A meeting will soon be held with the villagers on getting 12.87 acres for laying approach roads,\" a TNHB official said. The township, to come up close to the Chennai-Bangalore national highway, is aimed at helping middle-income families, who are otherwise at the mercy of landlords in city.Residents of nearby villages claim damage would be done to areas close to water bodies, like Nemam lake and the Chembarambakkam reservoir. \"The government can look at alternate options, instead of Kuthambakkam and neigbouring villages where paddy in at least 2,000 acres is expected to be cultivated next month,\" said T Babuji, a farmer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510140", "title": "11 days on, no clue about Kanda\u2019s whereabouts", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's been 11 days since Geetika Sharma committed suicide. But still, police don't have anything substantial in the case. Former Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda continues to be elusive and there seems to be no urgency among the police to find him out. Kanda has been using this to his advantage by destroying evidence.On Wednesday, cops questioned Geetika's brother and mother. Sources said they were called to the DCP's (northwest) office where they were questioned about the sequence of events.A source said police also asked their help in opening the email inbox of Geetika after the cyber cell made another abortive attempt to crack the password.Police will next record the statement of the doctor who is accused of terminating Geetika's alleged pregnancy, a source said; but the family said such a thing never happened, which is why cops have not been able to prove anything.Cops have been trying to impress on the court that Kanda is an absconder since he has visited the MDLR offices and other places to destroy evidence; but Kanda's counsel says that just because he has not appeared before police fearing arrest doesn't make him an absconder.Kanda's counsel, it's been learnt, will try to corner the cops on two grounds\u2014that they didn't prepare memos for the documents, files and CDs seized from MDLR office, and that they neither informed the local police nor took along a local witness with them during their operation violating CrPc guidelines. Police argued that this was not required keeping in mind the nature of raids.Police are also awaiting the forensic report to establish that the suicide note was written in one go. This would be vital evidence against Kanda, as his counsel had built his argument on the fact that the suicide note mentioned two dates on both sides of the letter.Geetika's family and cops had previously claimed that the different dates were a result of the state of mind of a person who was shortly going to commit suicide.Elsewhere, the Enforcement Directorate has been pursuing a case against the MLA regarding FEMA violations. TOI has learnt that he came under scanner after paying some MDLR pilots in foreign currency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15511804", "title": "Jab for heart attack gets closer to reality", "text": "Washington: A number of research studies have demonstrated inflammation's role in fuelling dangerous arterial plaque buildup, also known as atherosclerosis, which is the underlying cause of most heart attacks and strokes, but knowledge of which immune cells are key to this process has been limited until now. Researchers at the La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology have now identified the specific type of immune cells (CD4 T cells) that orchestrate the inflammatory attack on the artery wall. Further, the researchers discovered that these immune cells behave as if they have previously seen the antigen that causes them to launch the attack. \"The thing that excites me most about this finding is that these immune cells have 'memory' of the molecule brought forth by the antigen-presenting cells,\" said Klaus Ley, MD, an expert in vascular immunology, who led the study. \"Immune memory is the underlying basis of successful vaccines. This means that conceptually it becomes possible to consider the development of a vaccine for heart disease,\" Ley ssaid. He said he believes the antigen involved is actually a normal protein that the body mistakes as being foreign and therefore launches an immune attack resulting in inflammation in the arteries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15517201", "title": "Shadow teaser on Vinayaka Chavithi", "text": "Here is an update about the Venkatesh - Taapsee Pannu starrer action flick Shadow. Buzz is that the filmmakers are planning to release the first teaser of the film on Vinayaka Chavithi. The film's unit has returned from Malaysia after a long schedule last week. The next schedule is all set to start from August 19 onwards in Mumbai.The film's unit had earlier cancelled a shooting schedule in Mumbai owing to the incessant rains. Meher Ramesh is directing the movie set in the backdrop of the international mafia. Venkatesh is playing a dreaded underworld don in the movie. Taapsee Pannu is playing Venkatesh's love interest. Srikanth and Madhurima are also essaying important roles.Kona Venkat and Gopi Mohan have penned down the script, and Paruchuri Kireeti is producing the movie. Thaman has composed the music for the movie. The producers are planning to release the movie as a Sankranthi gift to the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15509416", "title": "Dempo college offers ray of hope to Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa government's home for juvenile delinquents is infamous for its poor living conditions and has become synonymous with inmates' escapes. A magisterial inquiry report recently revealed that inmates are not segregated according to their age and that older inmates sodomize the younger ones. But the seemingly hopeless situation is set to be turned around under a University Grants Commission (UGC)-funded project.UGC provides funds to colleges across the country to set up a centre for equal opportunities where the institutes are provided funds to work towards bringing the marginalized to the mainstream. While most colleges have chosen to work for the project with their own students coming from backward sections, the S S Dempo College of Commerce and Economics at Altinho has taken a different approach.\"We have chosen to adopt Apna Ghar as our main activity under the Centre for Equal Opportunities and our aim is two-fold. First, we want to change the way children at the home look at the society, and, secondly, we want to change the way society looks at them,\" said college vice-principal Harip Khanapuri.The institute sought permission from the district magistrate to work at Apna Ghar and plan to begin the project later this month.Advisor at the centre for equal opportunities and assistant professor Smitha Bhandare Kamat said that the idea of isolating and insulating these children kills them socially, intellectually and emotionally. \"The Centre attempts to bridge and bond with these kids. We have our own students and faculty members who have volunteered to interact and create a positive environment. The centre will conduct activities like screening of movies, conducting games and skill development programmes for the children,\" she said.The programme will initially be carried out for one year and the institute intends to extend it further into a long-term partnership.College principal Radhika Nayak said the institute will carry out a review at the end of the first year to check the programme's effectiveness.\"The children have become delinquent because of lost opportunity- either they don't have family support or the resources to receive education. We want to provide them with some skills like making of soft toys and embroidering to build their capacity so they can use it once they are out of the home. It will also help the children channelize their energies and distract them. The activities will be planned in a manner which is engaging and appeal to the children,\" said Nayak, adding that the idea is also to sensitize the students from her college.\"It will also bring about awareness amongst our children that there are people in society who, unlike them, have been deprived of opportunities. The worst of the lot are at Apna Ghar and this will help sensitize our students. The students have to contribute to the society in the end,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15509559", "title": "Chit fund employees held for faking robbery", "text": "BANGALORE: Two chit fund employees who faked a robbery and cheated their employer to the tune of Rs 14 lakh have been arrested.The duo has been booked for hatching conspiracy to steal customers' money and filing a false robbery case. S Ramaiah, 36, of Prakashnagar in Srirampuram, and J Alex, 25, of Bommanahalli, were working with Checkmate, a private finance firm in Indiranagar.\"On Monday, the two went to Old Airport Road, Rajajinagar and Ramamurthy Nagar and collected Rs 14 lakh from customers. They had to deposit the cash in a bank. They left the money with a pani puri vendor in Srirampuram and then faked a robbery. Ramaiah scratched his right hand with a blade, while Alex threw chilli powder on his face,\" police said.Alex and Ramaiah then complained to Pulakeshinagar police that miscreants had attacked them with blades and chilli powder on Assaye Road, near Naga theatre, and robbed them of Rs 14 lakh. But spot inspection and questioning exposed the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15511172", "title": "Man posing as mechanic steals chain from woman", "text": "CHENNAI: The Ashok Nagar police are hunting for a young man who stole a 4.5 sovereign gold chain from the house of an octogenarian woman in West Mambalam on Tuesday after promising to repair her refrigerator.Police said Lalitha, 80, was alone at home when a man, who appeared to be in his 20s, approached her. Her son, a share market broker, was away at work and the other family members had gone to Madurai. The man asked whether her refrigerator was at fault. Lalita replied in the negative, but he came inside and said that he would clean the fridge thoroughly in order to ensure a long life.The old woman allowed him inside. Once in, he sat before the fridge and asked Lalita to get him some tools. A little later, when she came out she found the man missing. She immediately became suspicious and went to the pooja room looking for the gold chain she had kept near the idol of a goddess. The chain was missing.She lodged a complaint. The Ashok Nagar police registered a case and based on the identity of the man provided by Lalitha launched a hunt. \"He would have approached the woman knowing well that she was alone,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15510214", "title": "Sheila for a clean Delhi; bats for sporting talents", "text": "NEW DELHI: After making the capital one of the greenest metros in the world, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday set another target \u2014 making the city clean.Commending the people for their initiatives to make Delhi one of the greenest cities in the world, she said, \"Delhi's next aim should be to be the cleanest. It was because of the peoples' initiatives that Delhi became the green capital and now it was up to the Delhiites to make it a clean city.\"Delivering her Independence Day speech here after hoisting the tricolour, the CM outlined her priorities for the city which included infrastructure development, improving educational standards and helping budding sportspersons.To ease traffic, she said her government wanted to build monorails in the city like the ones in Japan and Singapore. The plan for constructing a monorail network in east Delhi has been recently approved by the Delhi cabinet.Referring to her meeting last month with Singapore PM Lee Hsien Loong , she said an agreement has been signed with Singapore government to set up an institute for skill development.Asserting that children here should be an example for others from across the country, Dikshit asserted that providing education to every child was foremost in her mind and for this her government would provide schools with all the required facilities.Acknowledging wrestler Sushil Kumar's Olympic feat, she said the city government will provide all the required facilities and basic infrastructure to budding sportspersons. \"The entire nation is proud of Sushil's achievements and it is in this stadium that Sushil trained,\" Dikshit added.The chief minister also said that Delhi government had earmarked 65% of the total budget for the social sector.Speaking about her government's achievements, Dikshit said her administation has strived hard to bring substantial improvement in the transport sector, infrastructure and traffic, which have become smooth.\"A large number of flyovers and underpasses have been helpful in bring this change. Monorail lines would be laid in those congested localities where it is very difficult to lay Metro lines. The work on the first Monorail project from Shastri Park to Trilokpuri would begin in the next few months,\" she said.On regularisation of unauthorised colonies, she said the government has decided to regularise at one go over 900 unauthorized colonies very soon to usher in planned development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15509331", "title": "Multi-level parking lot plan for Sec 18 ready", "text": "NOIDA: Taking a step forward towards resolving the traffic chaos in the Sector 18 market area and providing ample parking space for shoppers and traders, the Noida Authority has begun preparing the Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the new lot proposed in the area. The DPR will include the design, cost details, traffic plan, etc and will be completed within a fortnight after which the Authority will begin tendering formalities for the multi-crore project.Chief maintenance engineer of Noida Authority, AK Goel, said construction work on the proposed parking lot will begin by the end of next month. Earlier last month, following demands from traders of the area, and considering the existing chaotic parking arrangements in the market, the Authority had announced to construct a six-storey parking lot with the capacity to accommodate 4,000 vehicles. As per plan, the parking lot will be ready within a year from when the construction work begins.The Authority has also directed infrastructure consultants RITES to carry out a traffic study in and around the market area for the parking lot. \"The lack of parking space is a major problem and leads to regular traffic snarls. It also affects the business of traders as people avoid coming to the market due to regular traffic woes. We have decided to construct a multi-level parking lot near the Radisson Hotel that will accommodate at least 4,000 vehicles,\" Goel said.Earlier in 2006, the Authority had proposed to construct a 22-storey multi-level parking lot at Sector 18 at a cost of about Rs 450 crore. Consultants had been appointed last year to revive the project that was to have two underground levels reserved for automatic puzzle parking facility and a state-of-the-art landscape on the piazza level with a roof top restaurant-cum-bar. While the initial plot reserved for the parking lot has been given off for construction of a new mall, another plot near Hotel Radisson has now been earmarked for the new six-storey parking lot.The Noida Authority also claims to have prepared an overall redevelopment plan for the Sector 18 market area whereby, a completely \"modern and new look with world class civic facilities\" will be granted to the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-16"}
