{"city": "None", "code": "14124431", "title": "1 tonne donor kebab breaks Guiness record", "text": "A one-tonne doner kebab made up of seven cows has broken the Guinness world record for the largest doner kebab ever made.The kebab weighing in at an incredible 1,198kg and measuring 2.5m, had to be prepared by 10 cooks, the Daily Mail reported.A Guinness official confirmed its place in the record books after measuring it when the kebab went on display in the Turkish capital of Ankara .It smashed the previous record of 468kg that was held by a kebab in Dubai .The cooks later cut the doner into pieces on a special scaffolding set up near the kebab to prepare sandwiches for the waiting spectators.Doner kebabs is a traditional Turkish dish made up of roasted meat cooked on a vertical spit.But before taking its more modern form, it started out as a horizontal stack of meat, as referred to in the Ottoman travel books of the eighteenth century.By the nineteenth century, the meat had started to be cooked vertically and marinated with different spices.The doner kebab as people know today, was invented by Mahmut Aygun in 1971, who had the idea of putting the meat inside a pita bread.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104896", "title": "Ghisingh to challenge GTA Act in HC", "text": "KOLKATA: Gorkha National Liberation Front (GNLF) and its president Subash Ghisingh is gearing up to challenge the GTA Act 2011 before the Calcutta high court. He will file a writ petition, praying for an order declaring the Act unconstitutional.The petition will be affirmed by Ghisingh on Thursday before being filed in the court. The matter is likely to come up for hearing before Justice Dipankar Dutta. Senior advocate Arunava Ghosh will appear for Ghisingh, who has claimed in the petition that the GTA Act can't come into force in the Hills without amending the Constitution. According to him, the Constitution provides that if the Darjeeling Gorkha Hill Council Act, 1988 (DGHC) is repealed, the entire area will come under the purview of the Indian Panchayat and Municipalities Act. Under this clause, if the DGHC goes, the new Act can't come into force without amending the Constitution.Shibu Soren to meet GJM leaders: Political situation in the Hills may take an interesting twist with Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) chief Shibu Soren visiting Darjeeling on Thursday with son and Jharkhand deputy CM Hemant Soren and other top leaders of the party. Soren plans to meet both Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) and Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Vikas Parishad (ABAVP) leaders during his stay in Darjeeling. tnnThe petition has sought injunction restraining the Centre, state government and the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha from acting in any manner whatsoever on the basis of the settlement dated July 18, 2011 and GTA Act 2012, till its disposal. The petition also seeks an order for continuation of the DGHC Act, 1988, till disposal of the case. The petition also prays to the court to declare the GTA Act 2011 as unconstitutional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14117264", "title": "This 'Unique Home' has 62 daughters", "text": "JALANDHAR: For the girls of this \"unique Home\" the official intervention has turned the lives upside down and this has started a phase of emotional upheavals for them as well as for their \"mother\" Parkash Kaur who has 62 \"Daughters\" from infants to grown up ones in the Home.This home is for abandoned girls but much more than an orphanage or a shelter home. When everything was running smooth in their lives an order from the Social Welfare Department and Jalandhar DC Priyank Bharti on Tuesday started this upheaval. DC had ordered their shifting to Nari Niketan or Children Home. According to officials the Home was not registered as per Juvenile Justice Act provisions even as it is being run by a registered trust. Another technical lapse that the Home was not lodging FIRs for the abandoned girls who were being brought up by it and 12 girls had even been married off.Girls of this Home have reacted very angrily to the official attitude and have said that none could shift them from there and they could not leave their mom. Hundreds of supporters and civil society have reacted angrily to the way official handled the issue holding that if there were a few technical issues these could have been sorted out quietly when everybody knew that Home was doing a wonderful job and the girls were studying in best schools.People also thwarted the attempts to of the official machinery to shift the children from the Home with police help.Swami Shantanand, who heads the chain of prestigious schools Swami Sant Dass Public Schools and reached at Home along with several others to receive the girls back from Dalhousie on Wednesday evening, said that official machinery tried to implement law in letter while killing its spirit. \"The officials should have guided Parkash Kaur or other Trustees to get the registration in place of swooping on them as if they had done something very bad,\" Swami Shantanand said.Meanwhile Trust applied for the registration on Tuesday and on Wednesday its file was returned asking for its indexing.About the flaw of not lodging FIRs about the girl children abandoned by people. \"I have not registered any FIRs for me bringing up the children. I first rush them to doctor and then my priority remains their upbringing,\" said Parkash Kaur.The Unique Home was started by Parkash Kaur in 1991 after she was thrown out from Nari Niketan on a chilling winter morning. \"It was raining when I was thrown out after I raised my voice against wrong doings at the Nari Niketan. Six girls came with me and I started this Home. Now same people are scheming against this Home,\" she said.\"After she started this Home right thinking people started supporting her and the children and now there are hundreds of supporters of this home in India and abroad,\" said Naunihal Singh a Trustee of the Home. \"NRIs supporting us have been frantically calling us after administration said in a section of media that 40 girls were missing from the Home,\" he said. \"It shows the callous and irresponsible attitude of the authorities who have shown insensitivity towards the impressionable minds of the children. It will take a long time for the children to emerge from the shock who have been reminded by these officers that they are orphans,\" he said.\"The administration never saw that how Parkash Kaur was bringing up the girls in the best possible manner and would even take care of the poor and needy around but they swooped on at the Home as if some criminality had been committed,\" said Paramjit Singh, a neiughourer of the Home. Women of the street where home is located also shower praises on Parkash's piety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108709", "title": "SSC results: Girls outshine boys in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: Of the 78,782 students in the district who had appeared for the SSC board exams conducted in March 2012 by the Maharashtra State Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board, 67,202 students have passed.Nashik district scored 85.3%, the highest in the Nashik division comprising four districts\u2014Nashik, Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar. The total number of students who appeared for the exam in the entire division was 1,80,779 of which 1,39,322 students passed, giving the division a pass percentage of 77 per cent.The results for the exams were declared online at 1pm on Wednesday.The percentage of girls who cleared the exam was greater than that of boys in the entire division. In Nashik, 87% of girls cleared the exam as against 84% of boys.In Dhule, 76% of girls and 70% of boys passed the exam.Girls fared better in Jalgaon as well, with 68% being the pass percentage for girls as against 64% for boys.In Nandurbar, 87% of girls and 83% boys passed the exam.There are 2,494 schools in the division that comprises the four district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14106785", "title": "Work on 3 cyclone shelters to begin soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The work on three cyclone shelters, planned in Kozhikode and Kannur districts under the National Cyclone Risk Mitigation Project, will commence soon.The shelters are expected to help the district administration as well as the local bodies to rehabilitate families affected by cyclones and other natural calamities. The project was initiated by the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) in 2009. However, the construction was delayed as the state was not included in the first phase of the project.Of the three cyclone shelters planned for Malabar, two will be constructed in Kozhikode and one in Kannur district. The construction of the shelters will be carried out by the Central PWD. The work on the shelter within the Vadakara municipality limits will be gin first as the municipal authorities have already allocated the land.The officials of the Central PWD have also visited at the 20 cents of land allocated, to finalize the design of the shelter. Other two cyclone shelters will be constructed at Azhiyoor panchayat near Vadakara and Thalassery municipality in Kannur district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14113537", "title": "Safety of schools at stake in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: The coconuts that fall from the two towering trees in the neighbouring compound remain a constant threat to the students and teachers of the Government Higher Secondary School in Karapuzha, near the town.Students and teachers keep hearing the sound of coconuts falling on to the roof of the school building almost everyday. Sometimes, coconuts make their way into the classrooms through the asbestos roof. During intervals, students take extra care not to play under these trees. Now they have fenced the 'danger zone' where coconuts usually fall. This is just one of several cases reported from the town and nearby areas. Schools here were, on May 23, directed to cut coconut trees that are posing a threat to the safety of students. But not all, especially government schools, have complied.The reason behind this is the lengthy procedure that has to be followed for cutting down a tree in government property. The head of the school cannot take a decision in this regard. Officials of Education and Forest departments have to be informed of this first. Forest officials will then come and fix a rate for the tree that has be to be cut. This will be followed by an auction. If the auction fails to fetch the amount fixed, there will be a re-auction.There are several sick trees in the vicinity of the K R Narayanan L P School in Kurichithanam, near Kottayam, which have to be removed. Same is the case with Government Higher Secondary School, Vayala. Last year strong winds had destroyed the roof of this school's building. The coconut trees in front of the Poovathumoodu Government UP School in Peroor pose a grave threat to the children studying in this school. The trees in Government Girls High School, Ettumanoor too have be chopped down. The acacia trees in the compound of the village office adjacent to the Government Vocational Higher Secondary School in Ettumanoor are also a threat to the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14109614", "title": "NGO boss held for duping youths", "text": "PATNA: Acting on a tip-off, a team of Patna police nabbed the director of a city-based NGO, Rudra Dev, near Patna railway station on Wednesday. The NGO had allegedly duped a large number of youths by promising them jobs.Rudra Dev was running an NGO, Muskan Pariyojna, and used to promise jobs to youths in five departments. He was one of the 16 people accused of collecting Rs 150 crore from unemployed youths by promising jobs.\"A case of forgery was lodged against him in 2010 and he was arrested the same year. After getting bail in 2011, he had been absconding,\" said Patna SSP Amrit Raj. Rudra Dev used to claim that the NGO was affiliated to Union government and would provide the youths jobs, including that of block coordinator in labour department. Among the 16 accused, six are still absconding while a few had surrendered before the police a few years back.The SSP said, \"All the bank accounts of Rudra Dev were frozen by the police. He used to spend a huge amount on media publicity. In 2008, he published a newspaper, 'Jagriti', from Patna, which has now ceased to exist.\" He is a native of Chhapra but started the NGO in Delhi and later shifted his base to Patna in 2006. Since then, he collected money from around 4,000 people, charging them Rs 18,000 to Rs 29,000 each. Police would produce him before a Patna court on Thursday.Meanwhile, one Lokesh surrendered before the Patna Sadar court on Wednesday. Patna police had on Sunday released 20 photographs of the people who were allegedly involved in mob violence during Ranvir Sena founder Brahmeshwar Mukhia's funeral procession in Patna. \"Police have also identified six persons who indulged in vandalism on the basis of their photographs. The police had arrested one Subhash Chaudhary on the basis of his photograph on Sunday,\" said SSP Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108810", "title": "Techie found dead in car with AC on", "text": "CHENNAI: A 37-year-old man was found dead in his car at Adambakkam on Monday evening, with the airconditioner on, police said.Initial investigations suggested that Pramod Kumar Mahapatra, a software engineer of Odisha who was found in the car parked at the 36th Street Junction in Thillai Ganga Nagar, died after inhaling poisonous gases, police said. Some tablets, said to be used in case of a seizure, were found in the car, they said. Police said Mahapatra, who worked at an IT firm in Sholinganallur for more than seven years since 2000 before leaving for his home state, had come to the city to sell his car.On Monday evening, local residents who saw the car parked for more than an hour looked through the closed window and saw a man asleep in the driving seat. When repeated knocks failed, some broke the car window. Water was sprinkled on the man's face before someone called a doctor who said the man's pulse rate was going down.Adambakkam police inspector R Albin Raj and his team rushed there and took him to the government hospital in Chromepet where he was declared \"brought dead\".Mahapatra may have been stuck in the car for more than one-and-a-half hours, police said. \"Initial investigations suggest that he died after inhaling poisonous gases, including carbon monoxide. However, we are awaiting the final post-mortem report,\" Madipakkam assistant commissioner of police S K Kannan said.\"We found the air-conditioner running but residents who broke open the window said the car was filled with hot air. We will send the vehicle to technical experts to ascertain the cause of death. We found in the car some tablets in the car that are apparently used in a seizure. We are wondering whether he suffered a seizure while driving,\" Albin Raj said. Some experts said the aircoinditioner could have developed a fault. \"While deaths due to excess heat inside locked cars are not uncommon, there could have been a problem with the airconditioner,\" said a professor of the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras.Another professor at the institute said carbon monoxide poisoning couldn't be ruled out. \"Incomplete combustion can lead to carbon monoxide poisoning. If there was a problem with the vent, carbon monoxide could have been released. For the man to have died in less than an hour, the concentration of carbon monoxide would have to be at least 3,200 ppm (parts per million),\" he said.Mahapatra's body was handed over to his wife Shruthi and other relatives on Wednesday. A case was registered under Section 174 (unnatural death) of the Criminal Procedure Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112044", "title": "Vivekananda lessons to go online at Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the first time, lessons on Swami Vivekananda's life will go online at Panjab University. While the world celebrates the 150th birth anniversary year of Vivekananda this year, this unique distant learning certificate programme offered by PU's University School of Open Learning (USOL), is set to reach out to national and international applicants.Different from last year's course, this year special classes of \"positive personality\" would also be incorporated in the curriculum. This includes guided meditations for six days on the university campus, which will be an optional activity.\"It is for the first time that students, sitting in any part of the country, will be able to access all the material online. This certificate programme is unique in the sense that students studying for any other degree course -- even in the same university -- can enroll. Hence it was designed in a manner that it offered a dual-degree provision to students,\" says Sudhir Baweja, coordinator, philosophy department, USOL.He added though this course is being offered by certain other universities too now, but through distant learning this programme was introduced for the first time at PU nine years ago.The course was designed such that \"interest in the life and study of Vivekananda's philosophy had been the sole criterion\" and not the age limit, cite faculty members.\"We are yet to popularize our online courses since it requires reaching out to a different section of students. Attempts are being made to make the online courses more popular. To begin with we are simply digitizing the material, so that dependence on USOL at PU for lectures is not there among students and they can read lectures sitting anywhere,\" says Lalit K Bansal, chairperson, USOL, PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110620", "title": "Maharashtra education minister 'happy' as malpractices fall 45%", "text": "MUMBAI: In a repeat of the HSC exams, the Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, too, managed to bring down malpractices in all the nine divisions significantly. The number of students caught for malpractices has fallen drastically by almost 45% from last year. While the boa-rd registered 3,264 cases last ye-ar in SSC exam, the nu-mber has fallen to 1,809 this year.Among the divisions, Nagpur had the highest number of cases registered - around 689. While Konkan registered the lowest cases - eight - it also had fewer students appearing for the exam. Apart from Konkan, Latur and Kolhapur registered 14 and 28 cases respectively. Amravati, which had the highest number of students booked for malpractices last year, around 942, showed an improvement wi-th just 142 cases this year. In Mu-mbai, the number of cas-es dipped from 91 last year to 51.State board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav said that earlier students did not know the consequences of copying. \"They were not aware because they were allowed to take the rest of the exams. In our campaign against malpractices, we conducted an orientation programmes for teachers, students and parents to create more awareness,\" said Jadhav. He said drop in copying cases could also be one of the reasons for the state's better performance. \"Students have studied sincerely for the exam.\"One of the teachers from a school in Andheri said, \"Go-vernance in the conduct of the exams was good. Former teachers were called in for supervision and even engaged in flying squads to curb malpractices.\"Among the 3,264 cases of cheating, 1,758 were only for copying, as opposed to 2,905 who were caught last year. Ar-o-u-nd 17 students were cha-r-ged for sending a dummy ca-ndidate to their exam centre.Asked to share his views on the SSC exam and results, school education minister Rajendra Darda said, \"Not a single paper leaked and the department did not conduct re-exam for a single paper. In spite of a lo-w-er incidence of copying cases, more students passed. Taking these factors into consideration, any education minister would be happy and I am no exception.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14117045", "title": "Chandigarh police to keep its cops' morale high by giving regular breaks", "text": "Chandigarh: In a bid to keep the morale of its force high, Chandigarh traffic police has decided to give a mandatory off to each cop, who remained on duty continuously for ten days. Besides, if a cop, who is on day duty, spends time in working after 9 p.m. then his overtime will be compensated next day.\"The idea is to keep our officials in high spirits and to make sure that they do not get frustrated with work. There is a lot of pressure on traffic cops and there are times when they work continuously, without taking any off, for the whole month. But we have decided to stop this practice and a compulsory off will be given to cops if they work for ten days in a stretch,\" Maneesh Chaudhary, superintendent of Chandigarh police (traffic), told TOI.\"Besides if a cop is on day shift and he devote any number of hours; like two or three hours, in work after 9 p.m. then he can avail an off for the same number of hours next day,\" stated Chaudhary.Like if he has put in four hours after 9 p.m. then on the next day he can join the duty late by four hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14124345", "title": "Sale of gutka in plastic sachets rampant despite ban in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sale of gutka and pan masala is rampant in plastic sachets, even though the Supreme Court has levied a ban on them since March 1last year. Strings of pan masala and gutka sachets of numerous brands continue to hand in shops across the city, even as shopkeepers feign ignorance.\"Who said there is a ban,\" says Ram Vaghasiya, who runs a pan shop in Shivranjani. There were tobacco products and pan masalas of more than 20 popular brands in his shop. Bhadresh, another shopkeeper in the area, said the supplies continue to be packaged in plastic sachets. \"These sachets are safe to carry and convenient to store the product. It has a profit margin of about Rs 5-10 per packet - one packet contains about 55 sachets,\" he said.Gutka sellers say that the paper bags are vulnerable to wear and tear and will result in a price hike of tobacco products and pan masalas by over 30%.The Food Safety and Standards Regulation 2011 has provisions for imposing Rs 25,000 fine on anyone selling food products containing substances injurious to health.A senior official of the food and drugs department said, \"The ban exists since last one year. Gutkha which comes mixed with tobacco, magnesium carbonate and nicotine was declared injurious to health way back in 2007. It was only recently that the state government had taken a stern decision to enforce the law.\"The ministry of environment and forests has issued circular banning sale of gutka in plastic sachets. The onus of enforcing the ban is on the civic agencies, especially the health department.Since Ahmedabad does not have any manufacturing units, the role of the environment department is limited. The AMC claims that they have initiated action against shopkeepers selling tobacco products in plastic wrappings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14111338", "title": "BJP mum on Kalam, says let Cong respond first", "text": "The BJP continued to maintain silence on its stand on the presidential elections, refusing to make any direct comment on the three candidates proposed by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee .\"The Congress and UPA should react first on the names of former Speaker Somnath Chatterjee , former President Abdul Kalam and PM Manmohan Singh ,\" BJP general secretary Ananth Kumar said. The main opposition party remained non-committal even on Kalam, whom it had earlier backed for a second stint.\"Let the Congress respond. After that, we will call a meeting of the NDA and discuss the issue,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14125005", "title": "Twitter trouble for Sunny Leone", "text": "We are sure Sunny must have meant all this in good spirits, but her effusive praise for Mahesh Bhatt's direction in Jism 2 got her nothing but brickbats.Sunny's twitter trouble began when she posted on Wednesday morning that, \"Thank you Sir for everything &amp; directing me in all my dialogue scenes.You made it easy 4 me to follow your vision!!\"The idea, it was clarified to us later, was for Sunny to thank Bhatt Sr for helping her in her dialogues in the films. But clearly, the team at Jism 2 thought otherwise. More tweets followed with Mahesh Bhatt going on to post, \" Jism 2 is a Pooja Bhatt film in its absolute sense. It was born and fashioned by her passion. We all worked under her gaze.\"Followed by,\"How can you say this Sunny? I was on the set. Pooja directed you not Bhatt saab . I am shocked by you.\"The confusion did call for immediate clarification and when we spoke to Mahesh Bhatt on phone later in the day, he explained, \"Sunny is American and she does not know the manner in which film are made in India, and that is probably what led to the confusion. You see here, there is the director and then there is someone called a dialogue director who helps the actors along in the nuances of their dialogue delivery. For instance, there are many Hindi films shot in the south and the Southern actors do not know how to say things in Hindi. So a dialogue director comes in handy in such instances. I was playing the part in Pooja's Jism 2 considering that I am also the writer of the film. I helped Sunny in her dialogues and nuances. But please be clear that it all happens under the gaze of the director. The director of the film has the final say. From its conceptualization, right down to the final scene shot, Jism 2 remains Pooja Bhatt's film and no one else's.\"Sunny, having gone back to LA was not available for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110433", "title": "UPSIDC to conduct land audit to assess loss", "text": "LUCKNOW: With chief minister Akhilesh Yadav promising in his budget speech to plug revenue losses, the government machinery is working overtime to fill the cash-strapped coffers. After its landmark decision to formulate a free-hold policy for all housing plots across the state and boost revenue generation, the Uttar Pradesh State Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC) has now decided to conduct a land audit to assess land loss, the first-of-its-kind, since its inception in 1961.The move , which was ratified by the UPSIDC board in its meeting on Monday, will through the audit assess the extent of land lost by the corporation to illegal usage and encroachment.At present, UPSIDC holds nearly 42,000 acres of land spanning 159 industrial areas, including Uttarakhand , and 23 residential areas. In an internal assessment of the land lost by UPSIDC in Sahibabad Industrial Area alone, the difference in the saleable area as per layout and area occupied by entrepreneurs was found to be more than 3.5% of the total allotted area.Once the exercise of gauging the exact extent of the land loss is conducted across all other high value industrial areas in the National Capital Region and Kanpur, revenue generation, officials confirmed, will not be less than Rs 50 crore, at a conservative estimate.UPSIDC managing director Manoj Singh told TOI: \"This exercise is aimed at identifying those tracts of land that are owned by the corporation but have been encroached upon. Since the entrepreneurs have already occupied the land, we will regularise the illegal construction or use. In addition, UPSIDC will also design a compounding policy. In this, the corporation will start a special drive to legalise all unauthorised construction.''For this purpose, UPSIDC has also put in place a special team, headed by the executive engineer and a representative of the regional office of the development authority to form a cell that will oversee these matters.Singh added that the exercise would be kickstarted across industrial areas within a week, once the corporation has finalised the regularisation rates at which encroached land would be converted.In a series of measures that will be adopted as part of the land audit, UPSIDC has decided to ask regional managers to maintain tabular records, industrial area-wise, of total allotted area versus the actual possession given to entrepreneurs. In places where the difference between the allotment and actual possession is found -- over 5% in NCR and 10% in other areas -- regional managers will, through the technical staff at the regional offices, have the plots re-measured.To ensure that encroachment is contained, the UPSIDC board has also decided that if the difference between the total allotted area and the area under possession of the entrepreneur is more than 2% in the NCR region and 5% in other regions, the concerned executive engineer will have the entire station surveyed again.In the past, though the UPSIDC has attempted to conduct a land audit across regions, the decision was met with resistance from the regional managers and executive engineers, as a result of which it was put on hold. Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta confirmed this was the first time the corporation's land loss would be assessed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14105408", "title": "Presidential poll: Mamata's politics of sentiment", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee understands the 'Bong' sentiment all too well. She also knows that her rejection of Pranab Mukherjee's candidature for the Presidential poll will not go down well with the average Bengali. This was the case too in 1996 when the powerful CPM central committee shot down a proposal to make Jyoti Basu the first Bengali prime minister of the country. It had sparked a stormy debate among the Marxist ranks indicating a sharp divide among the party rank and file.Mamata is well aware of this. It is perhaps one of reasons why she proposed former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee's name rather than Pranab's as one of the three choices for President. He is her third choice, incidentally, after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former President APJ Abdul Kalam . Sources say Mamata's initial choice was former party MP Krishna Bose.In Basu's case it was his own party that scuttled his prospects of becoming PM. He called it a historic blunder. In Pranab's case, the opposition came from his party's closest ally, both in the state that he represents and the Centre.Chatterjee, who is in London , acknowledged that he is aware of the political developments in New Delhi. \"I will consider it once any concrete proposal is made to me, till now it hasn't,\" he was quoted as saying.For Chatterjee, however, it will be a curious paradox. In 1984, he lost his first and only election - to Mamata Banerjee. However, that is history. After his expulsion from CPM following the July 23, 2008, vote-of-confidence in Lok Sabha, Mamata actively courted him. After being elected, one of the first things she did as CM-designate was to visit Chatterjee at his home to seek his blessings. This, despite the fact that Chatterjee campaigned for CPM candidates Fuad Halim and Gautam Deb in the 2011 assembly election. Most recently, Chatterjee was sharply critical of her government's decision to leave out Marx and Angels from the history books.\"Chatterjee's name was suggested as a last ditch attempt not to hurt Bengali pride. People of the state have been warming up to the idea of a Bengali being elected as President for the first time. Mamata Banerjee might have other ambitions, but it is a fact that a Bengali was so close to getting the country's top post. And he has all the qualifications for it. I am still hopeful that this is not the end of road for Pranab Mukherjee ,\" said Murshidabad MP Adhir Chowdhury.Political analyst and former Presidency College principal Amal Mukhopadhyay believes Pranab would have been the \"ideal candidate\". \"Bengalis have slowly been sidelined since 1911, when the national capital was moved from Calcutta to New Delhi. There were several fac tors for it, even in the pre-Independence days. Look at Subhas Chandra Bose and you know why. Jyoti Basu, too, met a similar fate and now Pranab. In their cases, ironically it was a section of Bengalis working against them,\" he said.Sociologist Prasanta Roy and economist Dipankar Dasgupta say there are larger political considerations behind the move rather than proposing a Bengali name for the loss of another. Roy admits that is a near repeat of the Jyoti Basu issue while Dasgupta dubbed the issue \"parochial\".A senior Trinamool leader justified their decision to name Somnath Chatterjee: \"Mamata has always had an excellent relation with Chatterjee. So when the state Congress played the Bengali sentiment card rather publicly, we had no option but to counter it. Also, Chatterjee's nomination will put the Left in a spot of bother. It is well known that Bengal CPM leaders still enjoy an excellent rapport with Chatterjee, including former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee. CPM's central leadership, however, are not that accommodative. Chatterjee is also well-accepted among the Congress for the stellar role he played as Speaker during the no-confidence vote. This is a very well-thought out move.\"The Pradesh Congress has already appealed to Mamata's \"Bengal sentiment\" to support Pranab. Chatterjee measures up to the same criteria as Mukherjee, and some more. For, Chatterjee's nomination will create a wall between the Left parties and Congress which may have a bearing on the post-poll political alignments after the 2014 Lok Sabha election.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thrissur", "code": "14106398", "title": "Kerala Agricultural University professor suspended for sexual abuse", "text": "THRISSUR: The vice-chancellor of the Kerala Agricultural University (KAU) suspended Dr V V Radhakrishnan, professor and head of AICRP on medicinal and aromatic plants, following a sexual abuse complaint by an MSc student on Wednesday.The student of the College of Horticulture, Vellanikkara lodged a complaint on May 3, wherein she said that she was finding it difficult to interact with Dr Radhakrishnan, the chairman of her advisory committee, as his behaviour amounted to sexual abuse.The authorities ordered for a detailed inquiry by the women's complaint committee, Vellanikkara, which concluded that there was reason to believe the complainant. In the statements of faculty members there were indications of previous history of similar nature from the accused. Dr Radhakrishnan did not deny the allegations, but raised complaints against the student, questioning her mental state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14111569", "title": "Chandrapur at bottom in Nagpur division", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Even with over four percent rise in the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examination results compared to last year, Chandrapur district stood last in the tally in Nagpur division. SSC results were declared on Wednesday and 69.10% cleared the exams in the district. A total of 19 schools in district managed to secure 100% results.A total of 35,298 students from 451 schools in the district had registered for the examinations. Out of these, 35,104 appeared and 24,257 cleared the exam.Out of those who cleared the exam, 2,393 passed with distinction, 7,385 with first grade, 11,415 with second grade and 3,064 secured pass grade. Sex-wise, passing percentage of girls is 70.87%, which is slightly ahead of boys whose passing percentage is 67.28.A total of 16 schools secured cent percent results in the district. Tehsilwise passing percentage is Chandrapur- 72.69, Ballarpur- 68.33, Bhadrawati- 65.39, Bramhapuri- 71.92, Chimur- 61.40, Gondpipri- 68.65, Korpana- 64.67, Mul - 70.94, Nagbhid - 70.59, Pombhurna 60.94, Rajura- 66.59, Saoli- 72.29, Sindewahi- 64.46, Warora- 74.67 and Jiwti- 67.28.As per available information available till evening, Neha Abdul Shafique Quazi of Rafi Ahmed Quidwai High School, Chandrapur was the probable topper with 96.18% marks. Sakhi Sidam from Khristanand High School, Bramhapuri secured 95.45% and Sakshi Bankar from Mt. Carmel Convent High School, Chandrapur scored 94.91% marks to stand second and third topper in district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14111877", "title": "Students prefer less expensive hostels over PG lodging", "text": "CHANDIGARH: As getting accommodation in Panjab University and the city colleges is becoming increasingly difficult due to limited seats, while the facilities at city's paying guest (PG) accommodations leave much to be desired, more and more students are making a beeline for five UT-run and private hostels in the city.\"Each of these hostels provides accommodation for 60-70 persons. Students, particularly girls, prefer these as the security is quite good. We provide good food and the charges are quite affordable \u2014 around Rs 2,550 per month,\" said Meena Budhiraja, warden of the working women hostel in Sector 24 that is being run by UT.While the cost of staying in a paying guest accommodation comes to about Rs 5,000 to 6,000 per month, these hostels provide better facilities at lower rates. \"It's a misconception that the hostels have very strict rules and don't allow enough outings. We, in fact, get adequate number of outings,\" said Baljinder Kaur, a student of Doaba College, who lives in the working women hostel.\"The food is also quite good. Earlier when I was staying in a PG accommodation, the food was quite unappetizing. My parents are also relieved as the security here is pretty good as compared to PG accommodations,\" added Baljinder.Another plus point of these hostels is that they provide just the right environment for studies. Some of these hostels select students on merit and interview basis. Swami Ramarupananda, warden of Krishnanan Missionary Hostel for Boys, Sector 15, said that they believe in providing spiritual teachings and good study environment for students.\"Parents too are happy sending their children to these hotels than any other accommodation. We keep a tab on everyone's activities in the hostel, while in paying guest accommodations and independent lodgings, that is not the case.\"K S Sahi, warden of International Hostel for Boys, Sector 15 said, \"We provide rooms at lower rates. Parents too want their kids to stay here, and almost all the seats get filled every year. If required we increase the number of seats so that more and more students can be adjusted in hostels.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14122548", "title": "Banker conference on loan disbursement on June 16 in Patna", "text": "PATNA: Bihar government has convened a meeting of all the lead bankers in the state, officials of the finance department and deputy collectors deputed in districts besides officials of NABARD in Patna on June 16.Deputy chief minister and finance minister Sushil Kumar Modi said the meeting will review the steps taken for distribution of loan worth Rs 51,400 crore under Annual Credit Plan for 2012-13 and the officials will be given direction to achieve the target.Another loan distribution plan is under state's agriculture roadmap. Modi said loan of Rs 25,400 crore will be distributed and the officials will be asked to achieve this target at any cost. \"The banks will have to play key role in agriculture loan distribution among farmers,\" said Modi.The one day conference will also discuss the underground irrigation scheme, national agriculture insurance scheme, crop insurance scheme, kisan credit card camps and education loan camps as all these schemes are run through lead banks. \"We are working in tandem with lead banks for providing banking facilities in places where population is over one thousand,\" he said.The district officials will be trained about how to accelerate work on public welfare schemes in coordination with banks and in consultation with local agencies and self help groups. \"The meeting will also focus on implementation of 15-point programme for minorities and Prime Minister Employment Guarantee scheme,\" Modi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14119696", "title": "Jharkhand seeks reply from Damodar Valley Corporation over poor power supply", "text": "RANCHI: Taking serious note of the prevailing power crisis in state chief minister Arjun Munda summoned energy secretary Vimal Kirty Singh at his official residence on Wednesday and directed him to seek clarification from chairman of Damodar Valley Corporation about the poor power supply in the past few days. Munda also sought details of the measures being taken by the energy department to augment domestic generation as per requirement and available capacity of the units.Talking to media Singh said that a letter has been issued to the DVC chairman asking him to give a detailed break up of the power being generated by the corporation on daily basis and the units being supplied to Jharkhand. Singh stated that due to some faults in two of the generating units of DVC, power supply came down considerably. \"Chief minister wanted to know if DVC proportionately reduced power supply to Jharkhand besides other consumers or the entire burden of power shortage was pushed to Jharkhand so a clarification has been sought,\" he said.Speaking about the steps taken to ensure power generation as per peak hour requirement of 1000MWs in the state, Singh said that 40MW-unit number four of Patratu Thermal Power station (PTPS) was lighted up in the afternoon and another 40MW unit number six was to be lighted up by evening. \"One of the units of Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL) with 210MW capacity will start generation by evening as the maintenance work is complete,\" he said.Energy department signed an agreement with power trading corporation (PTC) on Wednesday to procure additional 100MWs for the next 15 days at a rate of Rs 5.15 per unit beginning on June 16. Singh said that state is entitled to obtain 550MWs from central sector but the supply has been between 200Mws to 354MWs since the beginning of the month. \"It is because of high demand for power in summer and non functioning of the hydroelectric units properly due to lack of water that the central sector fails to fulfil the demand and rates go higher every day,\" he said.Jharkhand has been purchasing power from PTC at the rate of Rs.6.75 per unit. Singh said that effort is being made to make the unit number ten of PTPS functional so that an additional 110MWs could be added to the present capacity. \"I am visiting PTPS along with engineers from Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) on Thursday to see how the unit could be made operational as all the necessary repair work is already complete,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112063", "title": "Biking to save kids from sexual abuse", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Andre Umger, 34, an entrepreneur from Bangalore, started a road trip from Kanyakumari on May 26 this year and covered the entire country in association with an NGO, Koshish, to create awareness against child sexual abuse. The NGO that's working on this issue, focuses on preventing it.Andre took the message to places including Bangalore, Hyderabad, Nagpur, Bhopal , Agra, Delhi, Karnal, Jammu, Srinagar, Kargil, Leh, Manali and concluded his trip in Chandigarh. Covering a distance of 5,200 km, he talked about the issue to people like dhaba wallahs, truck drivers and families. He also put a very pertinent question to them \u2014 \"Should personal safety be included in the school curriculum as a compulsory subject?\" And the verdict from them was a yes as they felt kids listen to teachers more as compared to parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110375", "title": "Re-modelling in Ghaziabab to hit rail traffic", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to improve train operational facilities at Ghaziabad station and connect the third line between Aligarh and Ghaziabad, Northern Railway will undertake re-modelling work at Ghaziabad station yard for five days, for which there will be eight mega traffic blocks from June 15 to 19.During traffic blocks, several trains, including Lucknow Mail and Lucknow-New Delhi AC Express, will remain either cancelled, diverted, regulated, partially cancelled or rescheduled.Trains which will be affected on June 15 are 15707 Katihar-Amritsar Amarpali Express and 13111 Sealdah-Delhi Jn. Lal Quila Express. They will be regulated by about an hour. Trains which will be affected on June 16 are 14724/14723 Biwani-Kanpur Central Kalindi Express, 13040 Delhi-Howrah Janata Express and 12451/12452 Kanpur Central-New Delhi-Kanpur Central Shram Shakti Express. Several passenger trains will also be affected.Besides, trains which will be diverted on June 16 are 14041 Delhi Sarai Rohilla-Dehradun-Mussoorie Express, 12205 New Delhi-Dehradun AC Express, 12230 New Delhi-Lucknow Mail, 15013 Delhi-Kathgodam Ranikhet Express and 12234 New Delhi-Lucknow Express trains will be diverted to run via Shamli-Tapri.The other trains which will be diverted are 14218 Chandigarh-Allahabad Unchahar Express via Ambala-Saharanpur-Meerut-Khurja. Train 13414/13484 Delhi Jn.-Farakka Express will originate from Dadri and will remain partially cancelled between Delhi Jn.-Dadri.Several trains, which will be regulated during the period, are 15707 Katihar-Amritsar Amarpali Express, 13111 Sealdah-Delhi Jn. Lal Quila Express, 14217 Allahabad-Chandigarh Express, 18238 Amritsar-Bilaspur Chhattishgarh Express, 15014 Kathgodam-Delhi Express, 12557 Muzaffarpur-Anand Vihar Sapt Kranti Express, besides, some passenger trains. Several trains will also be partially cancelled during the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14107075", "title": "Border farmers warn of stir against erratic power", "text": "AMRITSAR: Perturbed over erratic power supply and unusual power cuts, farmers of the border areas are once again gearing up for an agitation demanding uninterrupted supply of electricity, especially due to the paddy growing season, which started from June 10.Contrary to the claims of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) of constant eight-hour three phase power supply, majority of farmers say they receive just three to five hours of electricity in a day and they have to depend on generators to run tubewells.\"PSPCL officials and ruling party leaders are busy issuing statements while electricity is playing truant. We don't even get the scheduled power supply,\" fumed Arjan Singh, a farmer of Hoshiarnagar village, on Thursday. \"One hour of running a generator consumes around a litre of diesel besides other expenses,\" he said. PSPCL chairman K D Chaudhary had recently announced that the state had made sufficient arrangements to meet electricity requirements during the paddy season and eight hours of power would be ensured.Vice-president of Border Area Sangharsh Committee Rattan Singh Randhawa said every time they approached senior officials of PSPCL to complaint about the erratic power supply, they were given one or the other excuse. \"We are now being told that there is not enough water in the reservoirs which has resulted in poor electricity generation,\" Randhawa said. Another farmer, Kuldeep Singh of Mahawa village, said the paddy cultivation began on a dismal note and he fears loses. \"The anger is simmering and farmers could take to the roads if nothing is done,\" said Randhawa.Superintending engineer (headquarters), PSPCL, S K Chawla denied the poor electricity supply claims of the farmers saying: \"We have ensured eight hours of regular power from June 12. There might be some issues in particular areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14105395", "title": "Dismay over \u2018slack\u2019 legal challenge to minority quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: The botch up on the minority quota within OBC reservations comes at a time when the government is pushing pro-minority initiatives like a Wakf Amendment Bill, restructuring of the National Minorities Development and Finance Corporation and other new concepts for the 12th Plan.Internal assessments have indicated minority schemes are under-performing and need a boost and this has led to urgent reviews, including one held earlier this month, to clear blocks and inject a fresh sense of purpose in programmes seen as politically significant.Besides looking at bringing bills like the Wakf Amendment to the Cabinet this month after dealing with issues raised by the All India Muslim Personal Law Board, the government is also looking to improve its monitoring of the interventions mandated by the PM's 15-point programme. Dissatisfied with the results delivered by the Indian Council of Social Science Research, a search for a competent agency is on.In consultation with the PMO, the ministry of minority affairs is also drawing up new minority outreach programmes, while restructuring existing ones. The process has been put on a war footing, with the intent of delivering results by the time the 2014 general elections are held.Keeping in view of the strenuous efforts the government is making to get its minority schemes rolling, there is dismay over the manner in which the ministries of minority affairs and law and justice handled the legal challenge to the 4.5% minority quota in the Andhra Pradesh High Court and the Supreme Court. It is being felt that a slack approach has cost the government with minority opinion concluding the Centre is not serious about the much tom-tommed quotas.The SC's decision not to offer relief to the Centre against the HC ruling dismissing the quota is a serious jolt for the government. It seems to vindicate the claims of state assistant solicitor general Ashok Goud that he was not provided relevant documentation that could have helped argue the quota case more forcefully.\"Two counters were filed by the ministry. Both did not convince the court that wanted to know the rationale for marking out reservations on religious grounds that it felt was ultra virus of the Constitution,\" Goud told TOI.Sources in Delhi wondered whether the ministry of minority affairs had argued that that sub-quotas had been implemented by no less than nine states and that this would not be contrary to Article 16(4) of the Constitution that empowers the state to make provisions for any \"backward class of citizens\".The demand for a separate quota has been voiced for years by different religious groups, but while reservations in the OBC category have not been objected to, it is the move to ring fence such a provisions that needed a careful defence.The SC's observation that the government has been \"casual\" with framing the quota provision does not reflect well on both ministries headed by senior Congress leader Salman Khurshid who is also a lawyer. The government has paid a heavy price as the reverse in the courts will only compound criticism that the quota is intended solely for political gains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14110350", "title": "Satellite imaging of state\u2019s seven towns completed", "text": "PATNA: The Geographical Information System (GIS) mapping of the actual position of physical resources in seven of the 29 major and minor cities and towns in the state having municipal corporations and municipalities, undertaken through satellite imaging system, has been completed. The towns so covered are Patna, Danapur, Khagaul, Phulwarisharif, Bodh Gaya, Purnia and Katihar.It was revealed at the review of the three-phase urban renewal programme under implementation in 29 major and minor towns of the state with support from Department for International Development (DFID), UK. Urban development minister Prem Kumar reviewed the status of various activities undertaken with support from DFID.The first phase of the programme includes GIS mapping and satellite imagery. It gives boundary of municipalities and municipal corporations, state of various wards, boundary of colonies, area of the tax zone, drainage network, sewerage network, water supply network, hydrants, roads, lanes and their classifications, railway line, river, high-tension power network, transformer, water towers, cellphone towers, water pumping stations, sewerage pumping stations, waste collection points, fire tender stations, building footprints, advertisement boards (hoardings), street lights, public taps, wells, ponds, and slums, among others.The second phase of the urban renewal programme involves survey of land and property (buildings) to assess the actual tax to be charged on the property owned. For every holding, a holding plate has to be provided. During the third phase, specially developed software would be installed to have information on all the available resources and properties mapped. The first and second phase activities are being conducted under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). The GIS data had been prepared with respect to Danapur, Khagaul, Phulwarisharif and Bodh Gaya. In case of Patna, the survey of the property available is going on.Similarly, the first phase of work has been completed in Purnia and Katihar towns, and tenders have been invited for the second phase of work. In 10 other towns - Muzaffarpur, Darbhanga, Motihari, Bettiah, Sitamarhi, Bhagalpur, Munger, Jamalpur, Kishanganj and Saharsa - the first phase of work is going on. Tenders have been invited for the start of first phase of work in 12 remaining towns - Gaya, Biharsharif, Aurangabad, Nawada, Sasaram, Dehri, Hajipur, Chhapra, Siwan, Begusarai, Ara and Rajgir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14109447", "title": "Srirangam wedding hall fire case: Only 2 years in jail for culprits who caused 64 deaths", "text": "TRICHY: More than eight years after a marriage hall blaze charred 64 persons to death at Srirangam, a sessions court convicted six persons on Wednesday, imposing on them sentences ranging from six months to two years. As one of the accused died during the trial, the remaining five walked out on bail in the evening.All the accused were facing only the negligence charge punishable under Section 304A (causing death by negligence) of the IPC which carries a maximum sentence of 2 years.On January 23, 2004, a fire broke out at the Padmapriya Marriage Hall in Srirangam early in the morning. A total of 64 people were killed in the fire, apparently triggered by a short-circuit caused by a video wire. Thirty-three suffered burn injuries.After a rather prolonged trial, principal district judge Velmurugan delivered the judgment on Wednesday, finding six accused guilty of negligence.While the maximum sentence of two years imprisonment was awarded to the marriage hall's proprietor Ramasamy, videographer Dharmaraj, his assistant Balaji, stage contractor Selvam and a partner in the marriage hall, Sadagopan were given one year imprisonment each. Selvam alias Periyasamy, an electrician, was sentenced to six months. Of them, stage contractor Selvam died during trial.The judge also directed Ramasamy to pay compensation of 50,000 each to the families of those killed and 10,000 each to those injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109292", "title": "Builder killed over property deal, body burnt in forest", "text": "MUMBAI: While the crime branch claimed to have solved the abduction and murder of Borivli builder Nitin Dhakan with the arrest of six persons on Wednesday, his family refused to accept that the remains found were his.According to the police, Nitin (46), who was missing since April 27, was murdered over a failed property deal. Nitin and his acquaintance, Ashok Burman, had paid a token amount of Rs 1.11 lakh to the main accused, property broker Gopal Pandey (45), to buy a plot at Saibaba Nagar in Borivli, said the police. When the two learnt the plot was embroiled in litigation, they began delaying the purchase, said the police. This is believed to have irked Pandey who then plotted Nitin's murder.The cops went through the cellphone locations of Nitin and the accused and found them to be the same for several hours on April 26. \"We have recovered 18 kg of earth from the forest in Manor where the accused had burnt Nitin's body. This includes bones and wooden logs used by them as pyre to dispose of Nitin's body. A sample of the remains will be sent for DNA tests,\" said senior inspector R Dalvi.Nitin, a former jeweller, is survived by his wife and two children. \"We are not satisfied with the outcome of the probe. There is no confirmation that the charred remains are my father's,\" Nitin's son Karan said. At the time of Nitin's disappearance, Karan was in Bangalore while his mother and sister were in Gujarat.On April 26, Pandey asked Nitin and Burman to meet him at a cowshed owned by him in Borivli for a meeting, said the police. After Burman left, Pandey asked Nitin to accompany him and his associates for a drive. The group got into Pandey's car.\"Pandey then asked Nitin to pay him Rs 1 crore as compensation for the loss he incurred due to the property deal. When Nitin expressed his inability to pay such a huge amount, the accused beat him up in the forest of Tungareshwar,\" said a crime branch officer. The accused snatched Nitin's cellphone, house keys and credit card and beat him up again.\"The men then went to a liquor shop and downed a few drinks,\" said an officer. \"When they realized Nitin was dead, they went to a forest in Manor after purchasing seven litres of petrol. They doused Nitin's body with petrol and set it on fire.\"The accused destroyed Nitin's SIM card and purchased a new one which they used to call up his relatives. The men told them that Nitin had met with an accident, but was safe. The men used Nitin's credit card to buy shirts. Pandey and one of his aides went to Nitin's house and made off with Rs 45,000 in cash. Pandey's arrested associates are Haroon Shaikh, Brijesh Mishra, Abhijeet Bhosle, Birbal Singh and Sachin Chorge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107525", "title": "Landlord has to maintain house: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A landlord is duty bound to maintain the tenanted premises in good habitable condition, a trial court has said while hearing a tenant's plea, highlighting the dilapidated condition of the premises he has been inhabiting since 1982 and the landlord's lack of interest in carrying out the repairs.Northeast Delhi resident Waheed Ahmed had moved the court seeking directives to his landlord to carry out the repairs of the premises comprising a room, restroom and a balcony. He also submitted photographs of the premises.\"Section 44 of the Delhi Rent Control Act casts a duty on the landlord to maintain the tenanted premises in good habitable condition,\" said senior civil judge Anil Kumar Sisodia. \"The landlord has not taken any steps for repairing the tenanted premises even after receiving the notice of the present petition.\" The court also asked the landlord to carry out the repairs, remove debris, install lock and replace the broken wooden beam within two weeks, failing which the tenant would be free to get it done at his own cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14121918", "title": "Karthik plays politics in Saguni", "text": "Watch the trailer of Karthik in a political avatar in SaguniReleasing along with Superstar Ajith's Billa 2, Saguni will hit the theatres on June 22. The censor board recently cleared the movie with a U certificate. Simultaneously releasing in Telugu, the political thriller showcases Karthik as a calculative politician.The trailer shows off a nifty and gritty political tale. The plotting and scheming fused with some romantic numbers between Karthik and Pranitha seem interesting. This is probably the first time Karthi has attempted to play a ruthless politician.The actor looks well crafted for the role. Other stars actors like Prakash Raj, Raadhika Sarathkumar and Nassar, who've all got considerable screen time in the promo, appear to be play game leaders in the political field.The trailer looks interesting and catches your attention along with some of Karthi's over the top dance numbers. Hope the film also packs a punch like the trailer.Source: bollywoodlife.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14118386", "title": "Officials targeting Unique Home but social welfare department also acknowledges its goodness", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as district administration of Jalandhar has targeted Unique Home, shelter home for abandoned girls for a few technical lapses in paper work and has even deployed police in it and on its gate but the letter from Social Welfare Department, which had pointed these lapses and ordered shifting of the children could not resist acknowledging the great manner in which the Home was being run by Parkash Kaur and her Bhai Ghaniya Charitable Trust.The letter by the Deputy Director Social Welfare, on the basis of which DC issued orders for \"immediate implementation\", a copy of which is available with TOI, noted that the Home was working with great honesty and with a lot of benignity. It noted that eight girls were getting higher education and 12 have been married off.However, this order has said that they had received a complaint from Central Adaption Resource Authority (CARA) that the Home was not registered according to the latest provisions of Juvenile Justice Amended Act of 2006.The girls of the Home said that their \"mother\" Parkash Kaur was not only providing them best possible education but was also taking care of their needs.\"They shop from branded stores and pick up clothes of their choice. I don't want to let the element of inferiority complex inculcate in them. In every summer holiday I take them to a hill station and some of them have even studied in Mussoorie,\" said Parkash Kaur who runs the Home.Even in Jalandhar the girls are studying in the best English medium schools in the city including the convent school. \"I never apply for fee concession so that schools should not start turning away my children or my daughters are looked down upon by anyone,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104574", "title": "ArcelorMittal likely to build islands off Digha", "text": "KOLKATA: Tourists visiting Digha may soon be able to drive right down into the sea at a cluster of artificial islands. This isn't any dream. A project on similar lines was discussed between officials of ArcelorMittal and the Mamata Banerjee government at Writers' Buildings on Monday.Urban development minister Firhad Hakim, finance minister Amit Mitra, irrigation minister Manas Bhuniya, mayor Sovan Chatterjee, and senior officials of the departments were present at the meeting, where ArcelorMittal made a presentation. While officials are tightlipped about the project, there is excitement in the corridors of power as ArcelorMittal is a big name. It is a company that in 2010 had revenues of $78 billion and crude steel production of 90.6 million tonnes, representing about 8% of the world's steel output.The plans for Digha may be modelled on the Palm Jumeirah \u2014 an artificial archipelago that was created by reclaiming land from the Arabian Sea. Creating an island or a group of islands is usually done through land reclamation \u2014 a process of creating new land from ocean, riverbeds or lake. The land reclaimed is called reclamation ground or landfill.An official of ArcelorMittal said that the company had supplied steel for Male airport in the Maldives where the entire runway was made using the \"sheet piling\" technology.The official said, \"All of them are relevant for West Bengal . In Digha, the technology can be used not only for shore protection, but to create a cluster of islands. We are discussing many things.\"The issues will be followed up in subsequent meetings. Officials said it will be in the public-private-partnership model, where the state will facilitate clearances and the company will do the construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14107015", "title": "Controversial Sikh video uploader earns Akal Takht ire", "text": "AMRITSAR: Sikh high priests on Thursday excommunicated Bhai Dharam Singh Nihang for uploading a video of a controversial debate on Sri Guru Granth Sahib on YouTube. The decision was taken in a meeting of five Sikh high priests held at the Akal Takht secretariat.Talking to mediapersons, Akal Takht jathedar Giani Gurbachan Singh said the Akal Takht had summoned Nihang to submit his clarification but he deliberately ignored the directions time and again. Several ifs and buts had been raised on Sri Guru Granth Sahib in the controversial debate on YouTube , he said.The clerics have directed Sikhs around the globe to neither maintain any kind of relation with Nihang nor invite him to any religious function. In another significant decision, the Sikh clerics have issued directions that no one can construct gurdwaras on the basis of castes. Many villages have separate gurdwaras for jat Sikhs and majhabis.The Sikh high priests have also cautioned persons contesting elections not to use gurbani phrases on the election material such as stickers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14119558", "title": "Congress in huddle after Mamata, Mulayam rejects its choice", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the race for Rashtrapati Bhavan was thrown wide open, Congress president Sonia Gandhi today met finance minister Pranab Mukherjee defence minister AK Antony and home minister P Chidambaram to discuss party's future course of action.In a first official statement, Congress has made it clear that Manmohan Singh to remain prime minister till 2014. \"We can't afford to spare Manmohan Singh as president's post. We don't agree with the names of Kalam and Somnath as presidential candidates.Congress core committee is likely to meet in a few hours to decide who the party should declare as its nominee for the presidential elections to be held on July 19. According to TV reports, Pranab Mukherjee is optimistic after meeting with Sonia Gandhi.Meanwhile, DMK leader TR Balu also met Sonia Gandhi to discuss the presidential candidature. RJD chief Lalu Prasad Yadav has also backed Congress's choice Pranab Mukherjee as presidential choice.The Congress core committee is likely to meet in a few hours to decide who the party should select as its nominee for the presidential election to be held on July 19.Last evening, they created a political emergency by rejecting the two names that the Congress had been pitching to its allies - Mukherjee and Vice-President Hamid Ansari . It wasn't just who they ruled out that left the Congress surprised.According to sources, Sonia Gandhi is reluctant to let go of Pranab and took his name as the presidential candidate as she didn't want to be seen as opposing him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14118158", "title": "'Punishment not in rules can't be given'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad high court has ruled that punishment not prescribed in rules can not be imposed upon a delinquent employee as a result of departmental inquiry.This ruling was given by Justice Sudhir Agarwal on a writ petition filed by Raj Kumar Gautam, reserve inspector, posted in the UP police. The petitioner is presently posted as reserve inspector at Lucknow.He had challenged an order dated January 25, 2009, and also an appellate order dated July 11, 2009, whereby the punishment of withholding of integrity against him was imposed. The appeal against withholding of integrality was also rejected by the higher officers.The question for consideration before the court was as to whether the punishment which has not been prescribed in the rules made for the employees can be imposed against a delinquent employee as a result of departmental enquiry or not.The counsel for the petitioner, Vijay Gautam, had contended before the court that under Rule 4 of the U P Police Officers of the Subordinate Ranks (Punishment and Appeal) Rules, 1991, there is no such punishment like withholding of integrity and, therefore, imposition of the said punishment was wholly without jurisdiction.The court considered this aspect of the matter and also the recent judgment of the Apex Court given in the case of Vijay Singh Vs State of U P and others and, therefore, held that punishment which has not been prescribed in the rules cannot be imposed against an employee as a result of departmental enquiry.The court thus quashed both the impugned orders. However, the court made it clear that this order shall not preclude with disciplinary authority from passing any fresh order in accordance with law after giving due opportunity of hearing to all the concerned parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14117110", "title": "Aamir takes the plunge", "text": "For his upcoming YRF film Dhoom 3 , the actor is now busy taking diving lessons at a city club In March 2012, a video posted online showed how Aamir Khan had been working out really hard to achieve a leaner look for his upcoming YRF project Dhoom 3. In fact, to make sure that Aamir doesn't miss out on his training, the instructor Dheepesh Bhatt had accompanied the actor to Pondicherry where he was shooting for Talaash. Later, when he came back to Mumbai, Aamir hired a French trainer to teach him acrobatics. This too, for Dhoom 3. And now, we hear, the actor is learning how to dive. In fact, we got our hands on some pictures of the actor caught in the act at Orca Diving Club.We found out that Anees Abenwala, the man who had taught the entire cast of Zoya Akhtar's Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara how to dive, has been training Aamir as well.Anees, whose company Underwater Film Services had shot the underwater sequence in the Hrithik Roshan-Farhan Akhtar-Abhay Deol starrer, was managing Prahlad Kakkar's diving club in Lakshwadeep Islands till 1995. \"I had to come back to Mumbai since my wife was expecting,\" he told us. With underwater sequences becoming popular in Bollywood ( Blue, Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, Talaash ), celebrity enrolments at Anees' club are on the rise.Though Anees refused to divulge details about his training schedule with Aamir, he told us, \"I train actors for a specific reason. After the training, we shoot the underwater sequence as well. They are lovely people. Safety of actors is very important. I always accommodate them.\"About the training process, Anees said, \"It is a great adventure sport. It opens a new window. We start in a pool and then go to fantastic islands like Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Maldives or Sri Lanka. This is one sport that should not dry up.\" However, Aamir Khan remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14122673", "title": "Passport seekers exploited at PSK by unscrupulous traders", "text": "VARANASI: The Passport Seva Kendra (PSK) was set up in the city by the ministry of external affairs to facilitate passport seekers. But, with its arrival a new breed of traders has grown around the PSK building at Mahmoorganj, who are leaving no stone unturned to financially exploit the innocent passport seekers, especially from rural background.Seeking on-line appointment to start the procedure of passport making at PSK is a must. According to PSK officials, the procedure of seeking such appointment is done on the line of generating new email ID. With the completion of this process an Application Reference Number (ARN) is generated and the passport seeker can reach the PSK with the printout of the same to get the procedure of passport making started.Though the locals and people from urban belt, even from adjoining districts who know computer operations, reach the PSK after generating ARN by themselves. However, less literate people of the rural belt without knowing the compulsion of ARN are becoming the worst victims of such traders. Before the PSK was opened in March last, there were hardly any Xerox outlets and cyber cafes in the area. But now by visiting the area around PSK building, dozens of shops can be seen where the facility of seeking online appointment by generating ARN is being provided.Usually a computer facility could be availed at any cyber cafe against charges like Rs 10-15 and a printout of any page in A4 size paper can be procured against the payment of Rs 10. However, at these shops the shop owners give open offer to provide ARN against the payment of Rs 200. When this correspondent contacted the owner of an `appointment shop', he told the price list of the services without any hesitation.More shocking was to listen that the same facility is being provided against charges like Rs 500-900 in the districts like Ballia, Azamgarh and Ghazipur. The agents of such shops standing outside the PSK's reception center could be found giving offer of concession to the youths turned up from Ballia and Ghazipur districts. They revealed that due to increased competition the price of generating ARN has reduced to Rs 200 near the PSK building.On the condition of anonymity, the PSK officials informed that services of such shops are not limited at generating ARN but in the case of unavailability of necessary documents like date of birth certificate, transfer certificate of last educational institution, election photo identity cards and ration cards, fake documents are also being made available locally. Some shops are also providing affidavits.The PSK officials revealed that after initial phase of registration for the passports the verification of the required documents and certificates are done by the officers of government of India in the second phase. And, due to detection of fake documents many application forms of passports have been put on hold.When the assistant passport officer of PSK, Sharad Kumar, was contacted, he admitted that victims of such traders turn up before the officials but as they are also being misled by the owners of those shops they avoid revealing the amount charged from them. He said that the regional passport officer has been made aware about these malpractices continuing around the PSK but the officials of local administration and police have not been informed so far.The PSK officials are of the view that the facility being provided by the local traders should continue but they have no authority to intervene to fix the rate for the services like generating ARN. This is a clear hint that if the local authorities failed to check the menace of such traders the purpose of opening PSK would be defeated and the mediators would continue to flourish.#", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "tripunithura", "code": "14105959", "title": "Kathakali artist Kalamandalam Rajan breathes his last", "text": "TRIPUNITHURA: As epic heroes, Karna and Yudhishtira are poles apart and have little in common. For Kalamandalam Rajan (81), who passed away on Wednesday morning at his residence in Tripunithura, it was but an aesthetic challenge to bring them to life on stage, and one which he did admirably, earning the kudos of hard-to-please Kathakali connoisseurs.\"Whether it is the mental turmoil of Karna in Karna Shapatham or Yudhishtira's depression during the exile of Pandavas, it could be felt by the audience in Rajan's 'Rasaabhinaya'. Amongst the myriad emotions, he was supreme in evoking the 'Shantha Rasa' in all its subtlety,\" says Raman Namboothiri, who has repeatedly watched Rajan's performances.\"The beauty of 'Pathinja Padham' (slow paced dance steps) is something he fully explored in Kirmeera Vadham and Karnashapatham,\" he adds. In the hey days of Kalamandalam Krishnan Nair, the combination of Krishnan Nair as Nalan and Rajan as Pushkaran was a huge crowd puller, recalls Ravindran, an ardent fan of this duo. \"Later his performance as Karna in Karna Shapatham turned out to be his masterpiece as he portrayed the inner conflicts in an inimitable style of his own,\" Ravindran said.Trained under renowned teachers Vazhenkada Kunchu Nair and Kalamandlam Padmanabhan Nair among others, Rajan successfully created a style of his own, exploring the acting potential of the two extremes in Kathakali - 'Kathi' (villain) and 'Pacha' (hero). He has also trained under the renowned Kathakali actor Keezhpadam Kumaran Nair, which helped him shape his 'Kathi' characters. While he was keen on keeping the villainous characters such as Keechaka, Duryodhana and Ravana dignified, 'Mukha Bhangi' (expressive eyes) made his 'Pacha vesham' (hero) unique.Rajan, a teacher at RLV College of Music and Fine Arts, has won many laurels including Kerala Kalamandalam Puraskaara, Kendra Sangeetha Akademi Award, Kalahamsam Puraskaaram, Pattikkaamthodi Ramunni Menon Puraskaaram. He is survived by wife Sulochana and daughter Shobha. Cremation will take place at his residence 'Suryakripa' on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14113401", "title": "To dump boyfriend or not? App will help you decide", "text": "LONDON: A new iPhone app allows uncertain girlfriends to review their feelings towards their boyfriend from an objective point of view.Chicago-based programmer Sarah Gray created the app 'Should I Break Up With My Boyfriend?' when working through a tumultuous relationship several years ago. Gray said that she realized she was up and down on a daily basis and wanted to track her feelings from an objective perspective.The clever app requires girlfriends to rate and record how they feel about their significant other on a daily basis. It then analyses the data and reveals how the user's feelings fluctuated in comparison to their general outlook on life.\"Being able to see your relationship clearly and objectively is the first step on the path to a happy, healthy, love life \u2014 whether it's with him, with someone else, or on your own for a while,\" the Daily Mail quoted Gray as saying.The app warns that it cannot replace 'discussions with a licensed therapist, a best friend or a favourite pet', but it can certainly provide a fresh point of view. Users can also share results with trusted friends via email or SMS.To ensure that the conflicted dater's answers are not be influenced by their most recent feelings they are not able to look at their own results for a whole fortnight.Gray's own results showed that her mood was 'good' only 39% of the time and neutral for the rest. In the end, Gray believes that this simple but scientific analysis helped her to end a rocky relationship and move on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14118881", "title": "Hyderabad for kids: Juggling karate with Kuchipudi", "text": "HYDERABAD: From the time her child started going to school, Deepali Paul has been an alert parent trying to figure out the various things her son could learn. Now 14, Paul's son has just entered Class IX and is a district-level table tennis player and also an Abacus grandmaster.Paul is a proud parent but her quest for giving her child a holistic development continues. So during the recently concluded summer vacations , her son attended a session on how to start a business and also went for motivational classes on life skills.\"I would like him to do well. It's very difficult to be an average student when everybody is into so many things,\" Paul says, whose son goes to a CBSE school and is an A grade scorer. Quiz her if she is stressed planning out stuff for her son and she says no. But Class X could be different, she predicts.These are difficult times to be a parent who are keen on exposing their children to various activities to give them a 360-degree grooming. Be it lessons in karate or kuchipudi or special coaching for mathematics or music, parents admit that they want their child to be the best in all spheres. \"Children who come first in class also come first in other activities as well. Parents often help their children with project work and their submission in class then stands out,\" says a parent.The goals are set when young. L B Mahesh, a parent shares how he wants his threeyear-old daughter to take up dancing apart from focusing on studies. \"I see that my child is very intelligent and there is an effort to ensure that the sharpness is not lost and how we can engage her so that her intelligence is challenged,\" he says.Observers, however, warn against too many activities for the child and also point out that parents should refrain from applying the same rules to all children. There is too much stress on structured activities and there is a need for the child to choose on his/her own, he says. Besides, he points out that if the parents have expectations of a positive outcome of the activity the child has been enrolled it will add to the pressure of expectation under which the child will be performing. \"There are some children who enjoy everything and do well too. But they are gifted children and we should understand they have started early. But there is another set that is failing everywhere. Parents say they are spending so much and something should come out of it,\" says M Kamal, a parent, pointing out that while exposing the child to various activities is all fine but it shouldn't add to the stress of either the parent or the child.Remedial educator Farida Raj agrees. She says children exposed to so many activities do not get any free time to assimilate what they have learnt. \"They are said to be extracurricular activities, but there is fierce competition and even parents bring on that pressure which is not good for a child's self-esteem as they strive to measure up to parental expectation ,\" Raj says. She recommends that children have free time for themselves and that parents should not clutter every moment.While most parents insist and ensure that their child gets the \"all-rounder\" exposure, the focus in most cases remains academic performance. And in most cases, not without reason. Take for instance Deepali Paul who is happy with her son's performance in sports but says that academic excellence is crucial. She points out how table tennis cannot be his calling as his experience with tournaments has been disappointing , not in terms of his performance but that of the poor infrastructure for the sport. \"Academics are the more sensible thing. It is in your control ,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14105991", "title": "NSSO survey to cover entire India", "text": "NEW DELHI: No survey official has visited the village of Phisami, not far from India's border with Myanmar in Nagaland, or parts of the Andaman and Nicobar islands as the sheer remoteness of these areas made them off limits for enumerators.This will change in July, when the 69th round of the National Sample Survey Organization's (NSSO) enumeration of socio-economic indicators gets under way as all of India will be covered for the first time after entire Jammu &amp; Kashmir was brought under the survey map last year.In the case of Nagaland, NSSO will relax a rule not to cover villages that lie more than 5km beyond a bus route on an experimental basis to push its coverage to areas that it have not been on its map previously. This will mean Phisami, with a population of some 1,200 people, could receive visitors. As could Tsutapella and Tsaphimi villages.\"In case of rural sectors of Nagaland and Andaman and Nicobar islands, the coverage has been extended to the entire state or UT from this round...one separate stratum will be formed for all interior and inaccessible villages not covered in previous rounds,\" a note on the 69th round states.Official sources said some parts of J-K could not be covered due to logistics as also unsettled security conditions until a decision was taken during last year's survey of household consumer expenditure to push into districts largely outside the NSSO net.Success in covering all parts of J&K; meant that the sample, although random and intended to account for only a fraction of habitations, was more complete than has been the case before. Similar was the case with Andaman islands, where some areas were earlier simply ruled out of the survey sample.Nagaland was the last frontier both in terms of the logistical challenge as also presence of militant groups. With the security situation improving, NSSO is prepared to dispatch surveyors to villages that often have a limited, self-sufficient agrarian economy.Previous surveys have been incomplete with regard to certain Union Territories and states as parts of Leh and Kargil in J-K and villages in Nagaland and Andaman and Nicobar were seen to be inaccessible throughout the year. Parts of Doda, Poonch and Rajouri were outside the surveys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14107528", "title": "Ailing man dies in UP custody", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The inhumanity of Uttar Pradesh police has come to the fore as three people have reportedly died in their custody within just the past week. In the latest case, a 45-year-old man died on way to Vijay Nagar police station when two constables were forcefully taking him despite him being unwell. Shockingly, when the condition of the man deteriorated on the way, instead of taking him to a hospital, the constables left him near a temple and fled.The victim, Vinayakpal Singh, had sustained two heart attacks in the past and recently had had a bypass surgery. Family members rushed Singh to a private hospital where he was declared dead. Following this, the deceased's family members and supporters staged a protest on NH-24 and Vijay Nagar police station.The enraged protesters got into a heated argument with the police and a scuffle took place in which one of the accused constables, Shailjakant, sustained a head injury. Cops then used lathi charge to disperse the crowd. The agitators calmed down only after a case was registered against the constables who had picked Singh from his residence under Section 304 of IPC.Singh was a resident of house number 53 in Shankarpuri, Ghaziabad. When the family came to know that their father was lying in a critical state near Shani temple in Sector 9 of Shankarpuri, he was rushed to Tripathi hospital, then taken to Khatri hospital and finally referred to Kailash hospital in Noida where doctors declared him dead.Singh had a court case going on against him registered by one Ved Prakash under Sections 452, 323, 504 and 506 of IPC. The ACJM had issued a bailable warrant against him on May 17 and he was to be produced in court on June 14. \"The constables were complying with the court order. Often criminals lie to evade arrest by saying they are unwell,\" said SP (city), SS Yadav.On Thursday, a woman and her lover had committed suicide by consuming poison in police custody inside the Vardhamanpuram police chowki in Muradnagar when they were brought there for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "14119208", "title": "Sardar Patel University develops country's first indigenous solar tracker", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: It's like a sunflower that follows the sun as it moves around the sky each day. Researchers at Sardar Patel University (SPU) have designed, developed and implemented an automated dual axis solar tracker system, which works on sunflower motion for a solar power plant.And the country's first indigenously designed solar tracker system also increases solar energy harnessing power of a solar power plant by 45 per cent.Interestingly, this indigenously developed solar power plant with the dual axial auto tracking system has been installed at the terrace of SPU's Department of Physics where it generates up to 1.5 kilowatt per hour (KWh) of electrical power through 20 multi-crystalline solar panels of 75 watt generation capacity each.\"India is blessed with ample solar radiation as most parts of the country receive 300 to 330 sunny days a year. Our tracker system has been designed to provide rotation angles as per the rotation path of sun for the entire year for various regions of the country,\" says Shreelal Jha, director (technical) of the self-financed R&D; and consultancy centre for impaired (SFRCI) who along with Dr Jayesh Gandhi, director (operations) of SFRCI developed this system.The system has been designed in such a way that the batteries connected in the circuit stores excess power that can be utilized during the non-solar conditions like early mornings, late evenings or at nights.\"This stored power is also helpful in monsoon when solar radiation is uneven or unavailable. We have designed a unique auto grid changeover device in the system, which takes care of uninterrupted power of 230 volt alternating current (AC) load,\" says Jha, adding that the device has a special feature whereby the tracker starts automatically at 5:45 am and shuts down automatically at 6:45 pm.\"This system has been designed on sensor-based technology avoiding the need for manual programming. It is capable for 3,400 horizontal rotations and 700 vertical rotation movements. Also, the entire structure has been designed to survive wind speed of 60 metre per second during cyclonic conditions.With special funds sanctioned by SPU vice-chancellor Dr Harish Pad and SFRCI chairman Dr A R Jani, this solar power plant presently powers the head of department's office, the administrative office and the laboratory of physics department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105014", "title": "All students of 639 schools in Pune division pass", "text": "PUNE: The Pune division is next only to Mumbai in terms of the number schools registering 100% results in the secondary school certificate (SSC, Std X) March 2012 examination in the state.Of the total 20,160 secondary schools that sent students for the exam, 2,456 schools registered 100% results. However, 97 schools recorded zero per cent results where not a single student cleared the exam.Mumbai and Pune have accounted for 682 and 639 schools with 100% results, respectively. Last year, 473 of the 3,058 schools from Pune division had recorded 100% results while six schools had zero per cent results. This year, of the total 3,098 schools from Pune division covering Solapur, Ahmednagar and Pune districts.The achievement is far better than the numbers achieved by the rest of the seven divisional boards. For instance, Kolhapur is placed third with 367 schools achieving 100% results. Further, followed by Nashik (231 schools), Konkan (178), Nagpur (157), Amravati (90), Aurangabad (80) and Latur (32) in that order.Incidentally, Mumbai has also reported the highest number of 23 schools which have recorded zero per cent results. Aurangabad too had the same number of schools with zero per cent results, while Pune has 10 such schools. The Konkan division had no such school while Kolhapur had 3 schools with zero per cent success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120423", "title": "Assam, Microsoft in school pact", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam government and Microsoft India signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) on Wednesday to accelerate information and communication technology (ICT) adoption in schools. The one-year exercise will support the state's education system to improvethe quality of learning.The project will focus on professional development for 5,760 school teachers and equip them with skills required for integrating IT in classrooms. This is an effort to bring out better learning outcomes for the students under Microsoft's Partners in Learning (PiL) program through training sessions at six state-run District Institute for Education and Training (DIETS).PiL, introduced in 2008, is a global Microsoft program that helps teachers with tools aimed at enhancing their IT skills and the integration of ICT into teaching and learning. In India, 708,017 government school teachers in the country have been trained under this programme.The MoU was signed by Assam Sarba Siksha Abhijan mission director L. S. Changsan and Microsoft India's country head for government engagements, Ranbir Singh in presence of Assam education and health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14121035", "title": "An English love affair", "text": "Be it a group of IT professionals celebrating the success of their last project or a group of university students hoping to get a nice lunch one random afternoon or young couples wanting some food at midnight after some spirited pub hopping - the top destination on all their lists is usually the nearest Indian restaurant with a delicious lip-smacking curry.You ask any Brit, and as per statistics, on any given night, 66% of those dining out would be going to curry houses - that's how they refer to Indian restaurants here. There is something amazing in a dish of steaming hot curry with a magical blend of spices and fluffy white rice or a golden roasted naan. It just draws you to it. I am sure a lot of us know that feeling of craving for a hot aromatic curry especially the Indians among us who are far away from home. I must mention that at this point, I had to stop writing, rush out to the nearest take away and get myself stuffed with some of that wonderful curry and naan that I was describing.One of the things that the British Raj brought home with them when they left India was the spices and the recipes that they had had a chance to taste and love when over there. As is well-known, the vast wealth and enigma of the oriental East has always had the entire West fascinated. And the cuisine was no exception. They were intrigued by the taste, the smell, the appearance, the methods employed for cooking and all the other things that went into preparing the final product. As with any other country's cuisine, this one also has deep ties with its culture and people. Therefore, getting a bite of the Indian curry is not just about the food but also about the experience. For those who have been to India, it is something to remember it by and for those who haven't, it something tangible to feed their imagination with. Not to mention, for those who belong to India, it something a lot more than words can describe - it is ghar ka khana (home-cooked food), maa ka pyar (mum's love), watan ki khushboo (nation's fragrance) - the list is endless.An interesting piece of fact is that the first dedicated establishment for Indian cuisine was set up in London in 1809. Indian food in the UK has had a long and wonderful journey since then and has evolved to its present state after undergoing lots of tinkering and tasting. Here in UK it has been adapted to the English tastes. The flexibility of the food is what I believe has made it so widely loved that there is only one other cuisine that beats it in popularity in the whole world. (No marks for guessing, it is Italian - we all love a pizza, don't we, even though sometimes it is with a curry topping!). Even after being altered in so many different ways, it still retain its authenticity and there is such a wide range of it coming from the length and breadth of a country as large as India that there is something in it for every taste, every need, every preference.In the modern days, the likes of Gordon Ramsay and Jamie Oliver have given it so many ingenious twists that today it has deeper ties with the English tastes and traditions than ever before. Going out to an Indian restaurant, like any other form of entertainment (e.g. malls for shopping, multiplexes for movies), has revolutionized into a complete experience with the ambience, the taste, the hospitality, the culture and the people all being showcased in their fanciest forms. It indeed makes me proud to be associated with this proverbial 'land of spices' whose food is ranked among the best by connoisseurs around the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14105630", "title": "HC quashes Karnataka mining baron\u2019s bail order", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh high court on Wednesday set aside the trial court order granting bail to former Karnataka minister and prime accused in an illegal mining case, Gali Janardhan Reddy.The judge who granted bail to Reddy was suspended in May amid allegations of a cash-for-bail scam. The judge, Pattabhirama Rao, is facing criminal charges after being accused of granting bail for a bribe.The court concurred with the views of CBI special counsel Ashok Bhan, who revealed the shocking sequence of events that culminated in the lodging of an FIR against the judge. \"The bail cannot be sustained in view of the cash-for-bail allegations and the subsequent suspension of the trial court judge,\" the bench said.Gali's counsel Rajeev Dhawan told court that CBI spoke of the judge's involvement, but did not provide any clinching evidence. Pointing to the alleged involvement of the trial court judge's son in the deal, the counsel said the deal could have been struck without the knowledge of the judge. This argument was shot down by the court.The high court, however, gave the mining baron the liberty to move a competent trial court for bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14111396", "title": "65.78% students in Akola clear SSC exam", "text": "AKOLA: 65.78% students in Akola district have passed SSC examination, the results of which were declared on Wednesday. As usual, the girls outshined the boys. A total of 17,029 out of 25,887 students who appeared for the examination passed. A total of 8,944 girls and 8085 boys passed. Shubham Pande of Bal Shivaji School, Akola, secured 98.9% and is supposed to be the topper in West Vidarbha region, comprising Akola, Washim And Buldhana districts. Laxmi Gawande of Bharat Vidyalaya got 98.5% marks. Shashank Vyas got 96.18% of Kothari Convent.The reputed schools including Holy Cross Convent, New English High School, Hindu Dnyanpeeth, Mount Carmel, Kothari Convent, Bal Shivaji School, Gurunanak Vidyalaya, Noel English High School and Khandelwal English High School had cent percent result. On the contrary, Prabodhan Vidyalaya, Dabki near Akola, and Dawle High School of Mothi Umri near here scored 0% results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14108028", "title": "JMC meet turns into bedlam, only 3 of 7 proposals passed", "text": "JAIPUR: Tempers flared up during the 13{+t}{+h} general body meeting of the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) on Wednesday during which heated arguments were exchanged between mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and BJP councilors.Despite the meeting lasting for almost seven hours amid allegations and counter-allegations flying thick and fast between Khandewal and the BJP councillors, only three proposals were passed and seven were left unattended. Following the discord, the meeting was adjourned sine die.Among the proposals passed in the melee included amendment in marriage gardens and regularization of illegal constructions in the city.The proposal of amendment in the marriage garden bylaws was presented after the Marriage Gardens' Association strongly protested the high fees for registration and obtaining certificates. As per the new bylaws, it is expected that owners of marriage gardens will now have to pay half amount than it was decided earlier.Ravi Jindal, general secretary of Marriage Garden's Association, said, \"Earlier, for a marriage garden with an area of 5,000 sq meters, the owner has to pay Rs 15,000 to obtain No Objection Certificate (NOC) from the fire department. However, after the amendment, it will be reduced to only Rs 3,000. Similarly, owners have now to pay half of sanitation fees and registration fees according to the amended bylaws.\"Though the bylaws were passed unanimously, the councilors put up a strong criticism.Before passing the proposal for amendment in the bylaws to regularize illegal constructions, the councillors claimed that it will lead to corruption in the JMC.Sushil Sharma of ward number 3, claimed, \"After this, illegal constructions in the city will increase manifold as the officials concerned will have an option to convert them into regularized constructions.\"During the House proceedings, councilor Deepak Dandoriya alleged that the JMC administration is not supporting the sanitation drive recently initiated by the Valmiki community.He interrupted the proceedings for long seeking explanation for not extending the support to the drive. The BJP councilors also alleged that the mayor had purposely gone to Mount Abu during the sanitation drive.The meeting was adjourned sine die after the Congress councillors demanded that BJP councillor Ridhi Karan should leave the House as he has misbehaved with the mayor. Ridhi Karan had climbed up to the mayor's dais demanding recruitment of sanitation workers.However, deputy mayor Manish Pareek played down the incident and said, \"The matter was not that big and the meeting should have continued. The grievance of the councilor was genuine as there are only two sanitation workers deployed in his ward. The Congress councilors and the mayor have done it purposely as they do want to talk on proposals for the development of the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14121428", "title": "Financial assistance of Rs 23 crore approved", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ministry of Youth Affairs &amp; Sports has approved the proposal of Rs 23 crore financial assistance for creation of sports infrastructure facilities of multi-purpose indoor hall and synthetic hockey playfield for the States of Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Rajasthan and Manipur.As per approved proposals for financial assistance under the scheme of Urban Sports Infrastructure ( USIS), grant-in-aid would be released to the states in instalments.In Chhattisgarh, a multi-purpose hall would be constructed in the tribal district of Kondagaon, for which a grant-in-aid of Rs 6 crore would be provided to its Government.In Haryana, a synthetic hockey playfield would be laid in the sports complex at Hisar, for which a grant-in-aid of Rs 5 crore would be given to the Government.Multi-purpose indoor halls would be constructed in both Rajasthan's Karauli district and Manipur's Senapati district with a central grant of Rs 6 crore to each of these states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14118225", "title": "Rajesh Pillai and Mohanlal team up in Lucifer", "text": "After the well-appreciated Traffic, director Rajesh Pillai will direct Mohanlal next. The film has been titled 'Lucifer' and it is being scripted by Murali Gopi, who shot into fame with 'Ee Adutha Kaalathu'.Rajesh Pillai is currently working on the Bollywood version of Traffic, which is produced jointly by Endemol and Ajay Devgn Productions. Rajesh has also announced another film titled Gold, which will be scripted by Urumi fame Shankar Ramakrishnan.Murali is currently acting in the Mammootty starrer Thappana and will script Arun Kumar Aravind's Left Right Left.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14108474", "title": "Ruling party-govt differences out in open", "text": "JAIPUR: Differences between the ruling Congress party and the Ashok Gehlot government have begun to come out in the open with PCC chief Chandrabhan on Wednesday stating that the government schemes lacked proper execution and blamed the bureaucrats for it.Within minutes of Chandrabhan's remark, Gehlot countered by defending the bureaucrats and asserting that the schemes were being effectively implemented.Addressing a press conference at the Pradesh Congress Committee (PCC) headquarters on Wednesday, the ruling party chief said, \"The government's welfare schemes are fabulous, but these have not been executed properly. The responsibility for their proper execution lies with the bureaucrats who draw fat salaries.\"A little later, chief minister Gehlot told reporters at the state secretariat that the budget announcements were being monitored at the chief secretary's level with an IAS officer specially tasked to ensure the execution part.\"A government cannot run without the bureaucrats and the public representatives. People who work and those who don't work are present everywhere. In politics too, there are people who do not work,\" Gehlot said, commenting on Chandrabhan's statement.The chief minister's mention of 'inactive politicians' was being viewed by the party men as indicative of the growing belief that while the state government has come up with excellent public welfare schemes, the party organisation was wanting in publicizing these among the masses. \"We are fulfilling our responsibility of publicizing the government schemes and achievements,\" Chandrabhan averred.The PCC chief further stressed that the party workers believed that the government schemes needed to be implemented \"more effectively\" so as to reach people even in the remotest areas of the state. \"The government and the bureaucracy should together implement the schemes properly,\" Chandrabhan said. Talking to scribes after the cabinet meeting, Gehlot said, \"I am personally monitoring the implementation of budget announcement.\"In an effort to train the party workers about creating public awareness on the schemes, the chief minister and the party state president would address the Congress office-bearers on Thursday. The party would be holding a daylong Jaipur division workshop for the office-bearers of Jaipur, Sikar, Jhunjhunu, Alwar and Dausa districts Congress committees at the party headquarters.Soon the party would also begin to hold seminars for farmers (Kisan Sammelan) in every district. \"We will attempt to hold political seminars in every assembly constituency, too. This is the year to strengthen the party, as next year the elections are due,\" Chandrabhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111584", "title": "No political link to Mulshi project: Hitesh Parikh", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the names of a Delhi-based Congress leader and a neighbouring state chief minister are being linked to the plans of setting up a hill city in Pune district's Mulshi taluka, the man at the centre of it insists the project does not have blessings of any \"godfather\".Hitesh Parikh, executive director of the Maharashtra Valley-View Private Limited (MVVPL), which plans to set up the hill city, has denied any \"connection\" with any political leader.MVVPL's Rs 2,000-crore hill city project, planned over 5,914 acres and spread across seven villages, received a fillip after the urban development (UD) department, led by CM Prithviraj Chavan, issued a notification on May 19 designating these lands as \"hill station\".MVVPL, with three directors-Parikh, Sanjay Shah and Kalpesh Bambhrolia, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Macro Infrastructure and Holding Private Limited and connected to Vapi-based Bilakhia Holdings Private Ltd, a multi-crore firm that has forayed into inks, healthcare, education, and agriculture. Recently, the group was planning to set up an IT SEZ in Gujarat. The plans were later aborted. \"It would not have taken us six years to reach here if these names were involved,\" Parikh argued. The firm first began purchasing lands for the project in 2006, he said.Under the state's hill station policy, a developer requires to possess at least 1,000 acres to become eligible for a project. \"The firm has already acquired about 3,000 acres,\" said Parikh. \"None of these are government or private forest lands and tribal lands. Agreements have been made with individual farmers in a fair and a transparent manner,\" Parikh claimed, adding that close to 75% of the land was shrub land. \"Less than 10% of the acquired land falls in the catchment area of the Mulshi dam,\" he said.The project is to come up on lands in Saltar, Mazgaon, Barpe Budruk, Bhambarde, Ekole, Ghutke, and Adgaon. Questions over processes followed during land acquisition are being raised in certain quarters on account of past experiences in similar projects.Claiming that due processes were followed during land acquisition, Parikh said, \"There is no local opposition. We have plans to set up organic farms and nurseries to create employment for locals and improve the region's bio-diversity.\" Underlining that this was their first and the only (so far) venture in hill city projects, Parikh discussed plans of setting up a tourism city with leisure homes, holiday homes and resorts.The firm would now look to comply with the 20-odd pre-conditions imposed by the government for project clearance. This could take three years,\" he said. Besides Parikh, Sanjay Shah and Kalpesh Bambhrolia are the other directors of MVVPL. Despite Parikh's whitewash, the buzz on the project's \"political connections\" continues in political and bureaucratic circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14119539", "title": "Review: Samsung Galaxy S III", "text": "NEW DELHI: It is not wrong to say that Samsung Galaxy S III (SGS III) is the most awaited Android phone of the year. Its predecessors redefined the smartphone market. There are expectations that it is going to do the same.The phone is finally here. We have been using it for the last 10 days. Does it live up to the expectations? Is it the best Android phone \u2014 nay make it the best smartphone \u2014 ever made? Is it worth the hefty price tag? Many questions, we know. Let's find the answers.Shiny but feels little cheap Samsung has (once again) used lots of glossy plastic in its flagship Android phone. Though, the phone is solidly built. Unlike the somewhat industrial design of Galaxy S II that has straight lines, the new Galaxy has a curvier feel to it (Samsung says the design is inspired by a pebble). Pebble or no pebble, the added roundness does make the phone feel better in the hand. That said, SGS III is a big device and unless you have large hands, you will find it little unwieldy if you use it with single hand.There is faux metal strip that runs around the device. Unlike Galaxy Nexus , which is also made by the Korean company, SGS III has three buttons under its huge 4.8-inch screen. The 'home' is a plastic button while the other two \u2014 'options' and 'back' \u2014 are touch sensitive buttons. The curves on SGS III give it understated but premium looks though we are not sure how the device will fare in the future once the gloss and sheen wears off the plastic.Samsung's flagship Android phones are known to pack in hefty hardware. SGS III is powered by Exynos 4412, a quad-core processor built by Samsung using technology from ARM. The CPU runs at 1.4Ghz and its four cores can ramp up or down their speed independently. This helps save the battery. The graphics duty is handled by four chips of Mali 400. It is the same graphics processor that is found in Galaxy S II but in SGS III it runs at a faster speed. The phone has 1GB RAM, 16GB storage with support for a microSD card upto 64GB. The primary camera captures images in 8 mega pixels and videos in up to 1080P resolution. This camera has backlit- illuminated sensor that helps it in low-light photography. The secondary camera sports a tag of 1.9MP.At least on paper, SGS III is a device that leads every other Android out in the market. But does this hardware make it the best phone?Smooth performer Let's start with the screen. Similar to other Galaxy flagship phones, SGS III uses a Super AMOLED screen. It has a resolution of 1280x720 pixels (720P) and is very sharp. But the best feature about the screen is somewhat saturated colours it shows. While for photographer they may seem inaccurate, mainstream users will find colours on SGS III vibrant and pleasing. Brightness, however, is an issue.At least subjectively we did not find the screen on SGS III as bright as the one on SGS II. The problem was also compounded by the way auto-brightness is handled by the phone. It seems too aggressive. Though a software update should fix it. Still in the grand scheme of things, these are minor issues. The SGS III screen is one of the best we have ever seen on a phone. It is just that it could have been better.SGS III is very fast and snappy phone. The device is very smooth irrespective of tasks it is running. Multitasking is lag-free. And so is web browsing, whether a user is zooming on to a page or playing embedded videos. Navigating around the phone, playing 1080P videos, applying filters to images and reading PDF documents barely stress the phone. The GPS on SGS III is incredibly fast and accurate. This should appeal to people who like to use their phone for navigation or to find their way in unknown cities.SGS III runs Ice Cream Sandwich aka Android 4. But the user interface is the next version of Touchwiz, Samsung's own customized skin. Touchwiz doesn't look as elegant as the default Android interface or HTC Sense, which is used on One X. But if you can live with the looks, there is a lot of functionality backed in the device. For example the modified notification bar in SGS III gives users option to toggle 10 settings!Samsung has also put several unique features in SGS III. Some of these, like Direct Calling and Smart Stay are useful. S Voice, meanwhile, just like its iPhone counterpart Siri , is more of a gimmick. Features like Smart Alert, which lets a user know about missing calls and messages, are plain unnecessary because users anyways get to know it through LED notification.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123380", "title": "Bieber's free shows to promote 'Believe'", "text": "Justin Bieber is a phenomenon. One of the most popular musicians on Twitter with over 20 million followers second only after Lady Gaga. The Canadian pop singer is looking forward to the release of his music album Believe. And he's leaving no stone unturned to promote the same.As a part of the promotional campaign, Bieber had earlier released a single from Believe . The song titled Boyfriend became a rage creating waves globally. Now, with the album release date set for June 19th, Justin is treating his fans to free concerts.His fans went berserk when he performed for free in Mexico. The singer/actor himself was excited as he tweeted before the concert, \"The pics of the crowds look Crazy here in Mexico City. I am Hyped. This is going to be fun. Mexico I Love You! Te Amo Mucho!!\"He kicked off with a rendition of his track Baby , (the lead single from his debut album My World ), leaving thousands of his asking for more. After the rocking concert, Bieber wrote on his Twitter page, \"Everything about tonight was special. It is everything we stand for. A lot of emotions but it was worth it. 300,000 people. Te Amo Mexico.\"As part of the many impromptu gigs to promote his album, Bieber's next destination will be New York . Bieber himself has given an open invitation on Twitter for his upcoming free show in New York. \"WHO IS COMING TO NYC THIS FRIDAY for my Free OUTDOOR show ?!?!! Bringing a special guest! one of the cameos on my album!\" he tweeted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104998", "title": "Rs 200 fine for spitting in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The chief minister's favourite blue-white colour combo is getting stained red - with paan and gutka spit - all across the city. And Mamata Banerjee is not willing to chew on this and let her dream city turn into a spittoon.Spurred by the CM's fury, her officials are resurrecting an eight-year-old law that imposes a fine of Rs 200 on spitters. But considering how upset the CM is, the penalty may be even steeper, say sources. The mayor and commissioner of police have already met to decide the quantum of fine that would act as a deterrent.Lakhs of people in Kolkata are hooked on chewing-tobacco products and the poribartan government is finding it too hard to change old habits. What was ignored for years as a nuisance gave the city a scare a couple of years ago when it was revealed that betel juice and gutka spit was corroding Howrah bridge. Now, the spit-brigade is spoiling Mamata's multi-crore move to turn Kolkata into a 'blue city'.The West Bengal and Kolkata Police Acts do deal with spitting as a punishable offence, but it has always been difficult to enforce the law, much as the ban on smoking in public places. The government hopes that enforcing the 'West Bengal Prevention of Spitting in Public Place Act' will act as a deterrent.Mamata decided the theme colour of the city as sky blue in tune with state's new punch-line: 'the sky is the limit'. All government buildings, whenever they are re-painted, would be done in the blue-white scheme. Even Shahid Minar, a landmark of the city, is likely to be re-painted blue. Only heritage buildings like Writers' Buildings and the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) HQ will be exempted. Owners of private buildings would also be requested to follow the same pattern, said a senior PWD officer.The Mayor's office left no civic property untouched, be it buildings, railings, bridges, flyovers, pars, road dividers or even the facade of some buildings. An over-zealous Trinamool leader even painted a row of trees blue on Red Road. A few heritage buildings, like the house of the doyen of Bengali theatre Girish Chandra Ghosh, were also painted blue. Even the Victorian lamp-posts in BBD Bag could not escape the blue-white stripes.PWD officials said they had already repainted some public buildings and flyovers. \"We have a verbal order, so we have started painting roadside railings in blue and white. Whenever there is a public function we are painting the dais and adjacent areas sky blue. The flyovers have been re-done in blue,\" said a senior PWD official.But the habit of spitting gutka and paan is damning the beautification project. Sources say the chief minister was very upset when she saw red-stains all over the freshly painted flyover walls and road dividers. \"We have to stop this nuisance. We are exploring legal options as it is against the decency of the city,\" said mayor Sovon Chatterjee. So what does the law say? According to legal experts, it has a close resemblance with Penal Code's Section 268 - 'public nuisance'. However, the ban was largely ineffectual.Police officers admit that barring \"a few stray incidents\" not too many people have been charged for spitting. \"In India, it was impractical to think of enforcing a law that punishes such offences as spitting in public places, given the low levels of consciousness,\" said an officer. \"But we have to start at some point, even if we end up having to arrest every second person on the streets.\"Enthusiasm continued unabated. Even Dalhousie Square - which still breathes colonial air - was also painted blue in bits and pieces. Though buildings retained the colonial flavour for almost two centuries now, railings have been painted blue and even the age-old Victorian lampposts have been given a blue and white colouring, with the cast iron look disappearing overnight.In fact, the Trinamool Congress had painted the interiors of the KMC building green after it trounced the CPI(M) in the local elections in 2010. Some railway buildings were also painted green.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118862", "title": "Indians find it tough to sell diamonds in US", "text": "SURAT: More than size, cut and glitter, Indian diamantaires dealing with their buyers in the US require a strong convincing power to prove that the cut and polished diamonds they sell are 'conflict-free'. It is because their US counterparts are skeptical that the diamonds supplied by Indian traders could have originated from the controversial Marange mine in Zimbabwe, which is marred by alleged human rights abuses and that it could destroy the confidence of American consumers.\"It takes guts to sell diamonds in the US. Specially, after the Kimberley Process's (KP) approval to Zimbabwe to export its diamonds from the Marange diamond field in November-2011 and the Indian traders bringing huge quantities of the rough diamonds for cutting and polishing in Surat factories,\" a polished diamond dealer based in Manhattan, New York, Harish Shah said.\"Even most of our old clients in New York ask us to give an undertaking and required documents to support the fact that diamonds they are buying are conflict free and that they have not originated from Zimbabwe,\" added Shah.The strict scrutiny may force diamantaires to look for other markets, which many of them have already started. Many are seeing Dubai and Hong Kong as potential markets for their products.Few months ago, the Jewellers of America (JA) advised its members - traders and jewellers in the US - to exercise appropriate due diligence and ask their suppliers - Indian diamantaires - provide additional written reassurances, beyond the World Diamond Council's (WDC) System of Warranties (SoW) statement, that the diamonds they supply have not originated from Marange.India is the biggest supplier of cut and polished diamonds and diamond jewellery to the US. In 2001, about $8 billion worth of gems and jewellery were exported to the US.US department of treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) enforces legal sanctions that prohibit all dealings, both directly and through third-parties, with the Zimbabwean entities that own or control the Marange region diamond mines and the diamonds exported by these entities.\"It is a KP's decision that Zimbabwe can export its rough diamonds. The industry leaders and government in US should accept the fact. There is no point in harassing the diamantaires who are doing genuine business there,\" a member of Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council (GJEPC) Harish Shah said.BoxSurat:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14112645", "title": "Wastage must be minimized: Delhi Jal Board", "text": "NEW DELHI: Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has asked Delhi Jal Board to ensure a minimum supply of one-and and-half hours in all areas that are covered by the Board's network. Saying that the water utility was 'morally bound' to provide tanker supply to those areas where the crisis prevails, the CM also told DJB to plug all leakages on a priority basis.\"Keeping in mind the extreme summer season, DJB has to ensure equitable supply to all areas. If there is a shortage, tankers must be sent immediately,\" Dikshit said at a review meeting held on Wednesday.DJB CEO Debashree Mukherjee added, \"We are working with only a limited amount of water and hence have to ensure that wastage is minimized. However, some leakages have to be left untouched as their repairs would require a shutdown of the entire system. That would only inconvenience people more. But yes, our response time to such complaints and calls for tankers has to improve.\"Dikshit's biggest concern was a large number of complaints against water tankers. Reacting to allegations of malpractice by tanker operators, she asked for an immediate commissioning of a system to ensure that tankers are available on specified routes at a specific time. \"Any violation of the scheduled time-frame for deployment of tankers will not be tolerated and the employee responsible will be dismissed,\" said an official.DJB is now supposed to station officials at complaint centres who would be available round the clock. Illegal tapping also has to be looked into immediately. Wastage of water must be checked by invoking subsequent fines, the CM has said.Dikshit also asked Mukherjee to ensure that the daily data on water quality is made available in the public domain. Mukherjee said that DJB is picking up 300-400 samples each day that are undergoing third party testing by Pune-based NEERI. \"We have also tied up with the North Delhi Municipal Corporation to send us weekly data on incidences of water-borne problems. DJB will look into each case within 24 hours,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14109233", "title": "Party launches conversion drive to turn voters into BJP members", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has launched a one-and-half month party membership drive, during which it aims to convert the over three lakh votes polled in its favour at the recently held assembly elections, into memberships. The party hopes the drive will prove beneficial for it in Goa in view of the parliamentary elections scheduled for 2014.\"The BJP polled 2.94 lakh votes in the 28 constituencies where it contested the assembly elections,\" said the party's state president Laxmikant Parsekar. \"Another 99,000 votes were polled in constituencies where candidates supported by the party contested. Our voter base has hugely risen from the 1.60 lakh in the 2003 elections. We have launched a 'Sadasyata Mohim' or membership drive, where we want to convert these 3.90 lakh voters into party members.\".The drive, from June 13 to 21, 2012, will be held in all 40 constituencies across 1,614 election booths, and members will be enrolled for a nominal fee of 5. After this drive for the primary membership, the Mohim for active party membership will begin, which will go on till the end of July.\"At every booth level, a committee will be formed, provided at least 50 members have registered. The booth committees will then be clubbed to form district committees and the district committees will form pradesh committee. The process will end by November-end, when elections for the new party president will be held,\" Parsekar said. Close to 10,000 BJP workers will be involved in the drive.Former forest minister Vinay Tendulkar will be in-charge of the drive. In north district, Sadanand Shet Tanawade will oversee it and in south Goa, former Fatorda MLA Damu Naik will head the Sadasyata Mohim.Parsekar said that persons targeted for the membership will even cover those who are presently enrolled as members of other parties. \"No taluka or constituency will be left out. The drive's objective is 100% coverage. It will definitely be beneficial for us during the 2014 assembly elections. Even in areas like Sattari, where the BJP didn't have much of a voter base during the assembly elections, the scene turned during the panchayat polls, where BJP panel won in 10 of the 12 panchayats,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14109583", "title": "20,000 people attend Mukhiya's 'shraddh'", "text": "ARA: The shraddh of the slain Ranvir Sena founder, Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji passed off peacefully on Wednesday amidst tight security. Over 20,000 people assembled at Khopira village, the birthplace of the slain Mukhiyaji, to pay their tributes to him.Brahmeshwar Singh was shot dead at about 4.30 am near his residence in Katira locality under Nawada police station of the district on June 1. Elaborate arrangements had been made by the family members and villagers to welcome the guests on the occasion. Brahmins from Varanasi and other places had also been invited for the shraddh and at least 250 Brahmins were fed on the occasion.The district administration had made tight security arrangements to avoid any untoward incident. A large number of police personnel along with magistrates were deployed at every 100 meters and CCTVs were also displayed to keep round-the-clock vigil on the situation. The district administration had also announced closure of all the 169 liquor shops in Bhojpur district on June 13.Meanwhile, the police arrested three persons along with three firearms and 68 rounds of live cartridges near Sahar. They were going to Khopira from Jehanabad via Arwal.From morning till evening, over 20,000 people from across the state turned up at Khopira to pay their homage to the departed soul. They included animal husbandry and fisheries resources minister Giriraj Singh, state BJP chief Dr C P Thakur, Ara MP Meena Singh, Aurangabad MP Sushil Singh, Lalganj MLA Anu Shukla, Bikramganj MLA Anil Sharma, Hisua MLA Anil Kumar, Karakat MLA Rajeshwar Raj, Danapur MLA Asha Devi, Kanti MLA Ajit Kumar and a number of other MLAs.Speaking on the occasion, Giriraj Singh called Mukhiyaji a 'Gandhian' and a 'saint' and said it is people like RJD chief Lalu Prasad painted his image as a criminal or perpetrator of crimes. C P Thakur said that Mukhiyaji was a social worker who organized farmers.After the 'brahmbhoj' and 'sejjadaan', a meeting of the Akhil Bharatiya Rashtrawadi Kisan Sangathan, an organization floated by Mukhiyaji, was also held. The younger son of Brahmeshwar Singh was elected the national president of the organization unanimously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14118127", "title": "Dharma Sena divides teachers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: While the government has come up with new measures to spruce up moral values of school students, a majority of teachers fear that the initiative may lead to a 'licensed' group of moral police.The Kerala School Teachers' Association (KSTA), a left-leaning teachers' organization, is against the government decision to set up 'Dharma Sena' in schools aimed at monitoring students outside their classrooms. The KSTA's stance will hamper its implementation as teachers affiliated to the association constitute a majority in most schools.\"There is already a system in our schools with a parent-teacher monitoring committee. The new concept supports establishing another team that won't include teachers. It will only lead to a kind of moral policing over students. Moreover, organizations such as SDPI with a communal colour have already set up organizations with the same name. The government should have taken such a step only with the consent of teachers,\" KSTA general secretary M Shajahan said. But the Kerala Primary and Secondary Teachers' Union (KPSTU) has a different view. \"The government's initiative is good because only people with good moral values can be teamed up to implement such a concept, unlike the parent teacher associations where all parents can be members. It is true that it has not been discussed with us. But since it is well-intended, we do not want to oppose it,\" KPSTU president P Hari Govindan said.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb brushed away allegations that the initiative would result in moral policing. \"Such a view that it may lead to moral policing is not correct as the body consists only of selected parents,\" the minister told TOI.\"No one has formally informed the government about their opposition to the programme. It is true that we have not discussed the matter with teachers' organizations. But we are always open to talks,\" he said.The education department has come up with the concept this year.The committee will have the primary role of monitoring the conduct of students. One unit of the sena will comprise 10 parents.The government has also appointed welfare officers in each panchayat to supervise the activities of the Dharma Sena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111962", "title": "Contractors told to support low bids with proof", "text": "MUMBAI: Cracking the whip on contractors for bidding abnormally low for the civil works contract, the BMC made it mandatory to provide evidence of how the contractors will keep to their ridiculously low bids. Contractors, known for bidding low causing a huge drain on the public exchequer, have been asked to give documentary proof of the ongoing rate of raw materials.On Wednesday, the contractors made a rate-analysis presentation before a three-member panel. \"The municipal commissioner will be apprised of the situation. It would take another two days before a final decision is taken,\" said L S Vhatkar, director (engineering services). \"The chief engineer (planning and design) has asked for documents. He is going through the presentation,\" he confirmed.However, the BMC's decision is unlikely to change the system. \"It eill not deter them from bidding low. If the BMC wants to plug the holes, then it should make the tender conditions stricter. Supporting documents will change nothing. Does the BMC think they will get genuine documents from wholesalers? Retailers will not endorse the contractor's claims,\" said a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104839", "title": "Pregnant woman, husband assaulted in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A pregnant woman and her husband landed at the local police station after being reportedly assaulted by their neighbours. But police allegedly refused to accept their complaint, snatched medical reports and detained the husband in the lockup for three hours while the woman writhed in pain.Traumatized by the experience at the hand of the law enforcers, Pabitra Gharami and his wife Tumpa withdrew into a cocoon. It was only when rights organization APDR got wind of the incident and took up the case on Wednesday that the couple recounted the horror story.Pabitra, in the mid-twenties, works as a driver and lives at a slum off Muraripukur Road of Maniktala in east Kolkata. A native of Raidighi in South 24-Parganas, Pabitra stays in the city with his wife, elder brother and sister.On Monday afternoon an altercation broke out between him and his neighbour Indra Paik over parking the car during lunch. \"I parked the car in the adjoining lane to have a meal. It was sometime around 1.15pm. Around 15 minutes later, Paik knocked on the door and asked me to remove the car. I told him I was about to finish my meal and would do so in a few minutes but he refused to listen and began abusing me,\" recounted Pabitra.Soon an altercation broke out and Pabitra alleged that relatives of Paik joined in and began assaulting him. \"When Tumpa tried to step in, they pushed her against a cycle van and assaulted her as well,\" alleged Pabitra, adding that his wife, who is pregnant, was hurt and had to be taken to RG Kar Medical College &amp; Hospital.Following the doctor's advice, the couple went to Maniktala police station to lodge a complaint but found the attackers there along with members of a Trinamool Congress-backed local club Pathikrit. Police allegedly ignored the complaint of the victim and went by the version of club members.\"The officer refused to take our complaint. Instead, one of them snatched the medical reports and put me and my brother Prabir behind bars,\" said Pabitra. The officer started threatening and released us after three hours only after we had been forced to sign blank papers,\" the two brothers alleged.On Wednesday, a team of APDR took the couple to deputy commissioner (ESD) in charge Deep Narayan Goswami who heard the entire matter from the victims and asked Maniktala police station to initiate a case against the accused. The case has been registered under section 147,148,323,325,354,506 IPC. \"I have asked the assistant commissioner to probe the matter and identify the officer who allegedly misbehaved with the couple,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111847", "title": "Bisne eyes success in national circuit", "text": "NAGPUR: Vaibhav Bisne was barely five when he joined the professional coaching of Kiran Makode at the Shankar Nagar-based Vidarbha Bridge Association Hall.Nearly a decade later when he returned to the same venue on Wednesday evening for routine practice session, his eyes were moist with emotions as his fellow training partners congratulated him warmly for the spectacular success in Indonesia last week.The 14-year-old along with Mumbai Suburban's Chirag Shetty created a history of sorts when the teenage duo emerged champions in the Yonex-Sunrise international doubles badminton tournament in Jakarta on Saturday.The unseeded pair caused series of upsets on way to U-15 boys doubles triumph which surprised everyone including the duo itself.\"The competition was quite tough and initially we never thought of becoming champions. However, we grew in confidence as the tournament progressed. It was a wonderful experience to win my first international title,\" Vaibhav told TOI on Wednesday.More than the title, Vaibhav was even more satisfied with the specialized training schedule he underwent during the month-long camp at the Atik Jhuhari Badminton School. The advanced training camp for Vaibhav, Chirag and Lalita Katre (Mumbai) was organized by Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) with the support of Delhi's Yonex Sunrise Sports.\"We had undergone a completely different kind of coaching in Indonesia. Besides multi-shuttle training for nearly three hours, the stress was also given on the physical fitness and agility aspects. We used to train under Atik and his two assistant coaches for more than five hours a day. There were 10 sessions in a week,\" said Vaibhav.High on confidence after the Indonesia stint, Vaibhav now wants to carry the momentum further by performing well in the forthcoming season. It will be the first year for Vaibhav in the U-17 section after bagging a couple of U-15 state titles last year.\"I have now decided to participate in all the state and national junior tournaments this year. I will be concentrating mostly on singles. I will play doubles with Chirag in the state tournaments but not sure whether I will compete in the doubles at the national-level,\" said Vaibhav.A Standard X student of Bhavan's Bharatiya Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, Vaibhav is thankful to his coach Kiran Makode and MBA, which provided him a chance to visit Indonesia.\"We will soon sit down and chalk out the future plan of action. It will be foolish on our part if Vaibhav does not participate in as many tournaments as possible in the coming season especially after he has undergone the specialized training and is high on confidence thanks to the first international title of his career,\" said Makode, who has been grooming Vaibhav since last ten years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14121833", "title": "A perfect combo of many engineering branches", "text": "MYSORE: Diploma in Mechatronics, an all-in-one course, is a unique discipline of engineering. Students with diploma in Mechatronics are most valued in the field of engineering.It is a combination of mechanical engineering, electronics engineering, computer science engineering, software engineering and system design engineering.JSS Polytechnic for Men Tech Institution in Mysore started the course in 2003. The admission procedure for the course is similar to that of other diploma courses. Students who have passed SSLC examination with good marks in mathematics and science can apply.The academic year for the six-semester course starts from July. In the first two semesters, students learn basic computers like computer programming and computer language. When students enter third semester, they start to study mechanical and electronic subjects. Robotics, automotive electronics and micro controller are other subjects. Students have four theory papers and three practical papers. \"They get to study almost all the subjects which students of mechanical and electronics students study,\" said Maheshwari, lecturer of Electronics and Communication at JSS Polytechnic College.\"Mechatronics students can learn both mechanics and electronics which make them distinct,\" says Manjula, HOD of Mechatronics at JSS Polytechnic College. Many companies prefer students of Mechatronics, she added.JSS Polytechnic College, Nanjangud, also offers this multidisciplinary course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108627", "title": "Train services modified", "text": "CHENNAI: Due to engineering work at Perani yard from Friday to Sunday, train services from Chennai Egmore to Villupuram have been modified.Train No. 16736, Tiruchendur- Chennai Egmore Chendur Express and 12606 Tiruchirapalli-Egmore Pallavan Express will be regulated at Mundiyambakkam and arrive 70 minutes late at Chennai. 12636, Madurai- Egmore Vaigai express will arrive 40 minutes late at Chennai and 12635 Egmore- Madurai Vaigai express will depart 45 minutes late from Egmore.66046 Villupuram-Melmaruvathur passenger and return train on same route, 66045 will be cancelled. 22403, Puducherry-New Delhi Express and 14259 Rameshwaram- Varanasi express will arrive 85 minutes late at Villupuram. 56038 &amp; 56037 Puducherry-Egmore passenger return trains and 56042 &amp; 56041, Puducherry- Tirupati passenger return trains will be partially cancelled between Puducherry and Tindivanam.16127 Egmore-Guruvayur express will be regulated at Tindivanam for 30 minutes and Mailam for 50 minutes. 16853 Egmore-Tiruchirapalli Cholan Express will arrive 80 minutes late at Villupuram. 12898 Bhubaneshwar-Puducherry express and 18496 Bhubaneshwar- Rameswaram express will arrive 95 minutes late at Villupuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112614", "title": "Mumbai pub raid: Autistic boy awaits mother\u2019s release, no relief from HC", "text": "MUMBAI: The children of the Versova woman and her sister who the police picked up on June 5 during a raid on Masala Curry, Andheri (West), remain unaware of the circumstances surrounding their mothers' absence. The five-year-old autistic son of one of the women is distressed and had to be taken to hospital. Their forced separation is likely to continue for five days more as the women have failed to get relief from the high court. The next hearing is on June 18.Charged with prostitution, the women are being held at a shelter in Chembur. They have filed a petition in the court for compensation of Rs 1 crore each, claiming they were attending a birthday party at the Oshiwara restaurant. Their case was heard on Wednesday, but the judges noted that the women had not challenged the magistrate's detention order.TOI visited the Versova woman's rented apartment at Sameer Niwas, Seven Bungalows, on Tuesday and Wednesday. Her sister-in-law declined to comment, telling TOI to speak to the family's lawyer.The tenanted woman moved to Sameer Niwas six months ago with her father and son. \"Her husband is believed to be a businessman in Delhi. She has come to Mumbai to get her son treated,\" said the society's secretary. The woman's sister arrived on June 4 with her daughter on summer vacation.In court, when the judges said the petitioners had to go back to the magistrate for relief, the women's advocate Anand Jondhale said the magistrate had refused to accept their bail application. \"We find this difficult to believe,\" said Justice A M Khanwilkar. \"How do you file a petition like this? Can you succeed without challenging the magistrate's order? Why did you rush and file the petition without examining all these issues?\"(With inputs from Rosy Sequeira)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14121928", "title": "Spice Jet to introduce evening flights on Mumbai-Surat-Delhi route from June 22", "text": "SURAT : The Spice Jet, which operates daily flights to Mumbai and Delhi, has announced the introduction of evening flights from Mumbai to Surat and from Surat to Delhi starting from June 22.The decision has come following the long pending demand of the passengers flying to Mumbai and Delhi for introducing evening flights.AS per the new schedule, the Mumbai-Surat flight will depart from Mumbai airport at 6:50 pm instead of 2 pm and will arrive at 7:35 pm on the Surat airport. Likewise, the same flight will be ready for departure from Surat to Delhi at 8:05 pm to arrive at Delhi airport at about 10:00 pm.However, there is no change in the departure timings of the Delhi-Surat and the Surat-Mumbai flight in the morning hours.Frequent flyers to Delhi and Mumbai are happy with the Spice Jet introducing evening flights. They (passengers) believe the evening flights will be more convenient than the afternoon flight as the person could reach Mumbai or Delhi in the morning and that they could return back in the evening after completing their work.Paresh Patel, president, SGCCI told TOI \"The chamber had demanded evening flights for the convenience of the passengers travelling to Mumbai and Delhi. We are happy that the airline has considered our demand and now the passengers could travel from Mumbai and to Delhi during the evening hours\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14105109", "title": "Presidential poll: Mamata eyes Delhi in high-stakes plot, signals distance from Cong", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee's move to join hands with Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav to scuttle the chances of the Congress nominees to the post of President carries a clear message - she is firm on increasing her distance from Congress.Talking to newspersons on Wednesday, Mamata denied that every time she visited Delhi it was to pursue her demand for a financial bailout for Bengal, and said that her first priority has always been the interest of her state. It is also difficult to accept her other contention that her stance on the presidential nominee and the issue of a moratorium on central loans are quite unrelated.According to observers, by scuttling Pranab Mukherjee's prospects of becoming President, Mamata could have given vent to her displeasure at being denied the moratorium by the Union finance minister. In fact, her rejection of both the candidates suggested to her by Congress president Sonia Gandhi could also be a message that Congress must not deny the urgent demands of an ally that it cannot do without.But the other important part of the political drama that is unfolding in Delhi is Mamata and Mulayam joining hands to put Congress in an embarrassing position. While the refusal of a financial bailout could have spurred Mamata to teach Congress a lesson, it is not clear why Mulayam, another key ally of Congress, would do the same. But the fact is that the Mamata-Mulayam pincer move has put Congress on a sticky wicket.With the next Lok Sabha elections less than two years away, observers interpret the joint move of Mamata and Mulayam as an expression of their lack of confidence in the political future of UPA. Issues like price-rise have not only antagonized Mamata but also added to the unpopularity of the Congress rule. Mamata understands too well that she would have to be on the right side of the ruling party at the Centre to run Bengal well.With the fractured nature of the political mandate, and the number of MPs at her command, Mamata would now like to seize the opportunity to increase her clout in Delhi so that she can play a more important role in the future ruling coalition at the Centre. One way of ensuring this is to join hands with other powerful and like-minded regional parties. Whether Mamata's joining hands with Mulayam would pave the way for the formation of a third front before the next general election is a question, however, now too early to answer.In a way, Mamata and Mulayam are natural allies, because of their emphasis on the welfare of minorities. Their suggesting the name of APJ Abdul Kalam is a clever move, as Kalam would enjoy the support of NDA but no one could blame either Mamata or Mulayam as he also represents the minority community. They have not burnt the bridges with UPA altogether because Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's name is also there on their list of choices.Now, it is for Congress to take it or leave it. And also to carry the message home that Mamata should not be rubbed the wrong way in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108666", "title": "E-services keep postal registers clicking", "text": "CHENNAI: Walk into the Besant Nagar post office in Shastri Nagar on a Friday morning around 10, and you will find a queue of at least seven people in front of the postage and savings bank counters. Look closely and you will see a longer queue in front of the e-post and e-bill counters.Data shows that this is a growing trend in the 12,185 post offices in the Tamil Nadu region, which includes Puducherry, after India Post decided to embrace internet mailing and e-banking system.The department's e-post and e-bill services in Tamil Nadu have seen a steady rise in the number of customers in the last three years, compared to the 66,000 people who used it in the year 2009. \"We decided to target the rural population who may not have internet access, or have email ids, but need a letter to reach in just a couple of hours,\" said a postal department official.E-post, a service introduced by India Post four years ago, allows people to send messages through email to remote destinations. The post office in that destination will print out the letter and deliver it to the addressee. Though this system still faces competition from the facsimile (fax) or direct email, officials say it works as a faster alternative to courier service. \"Students in villages who want to send documents or letters to colleges use this service,\" said the official.Another service that India Post has received praise for is the e-bill payment service. Last year more than 47 lakh people paid their bills at post offices compared to the 27 lakh people who used it in 2009. This service works as a one-stop shop to pay phone bills, electricity bills, fees for a few national universities and even taxes. \"It used to take me at least two days in long queues to pay all my bills, till I discovered this facility four months back,\" said Indira Rajan from Thiruvanmiyur.Department officials say though customers availing these services have increased, the thought of post offices going empty in future still persists. \"Even now the crowd is mostly the elderly, and homemakers. We are scared the younger generation may never get the post office-experience,\" said a senior official. The reason for this is lack of awareness and advertising.It was about seven years ago, the postal department introduced electronic and internet-based services to draw crowds back into the red and white buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14113220", "title": "Diesel exhaust fumes can cause lung cancer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Inhaling fumes from diesel engines can cause lung cancer, the World Health Organization (WHO)declared on Wednesday, confirming a concern that was first raised in 1988.The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), part of WHO, announced the findings. Experts said the fumes were more carcinogenic than secondhand cigarette smoke.Christopher Portier, chairman of IARC Working Group, stated, \"The scientific evidence was compelling and the Working Group's conclusion was unanimous: diesel engine exhaust causes lung cancer in humans.\" He added, \"Given the additional health impacts from diesel particulates, exposure to this mixture of chemicals should be reduced worldwide.\"WHO noted that in 1988, IARC had classified diesel exhaust as 'probably carcinogenic to humans', but another internal group had suggested that the decision on the safety of diesel exhaust should be revaluated.WHO said, \"There has been mounting concern about the cancer-causing potential of diesel exhaust, particularly based on findings in epidemiological studies of workers exposed in various settings. This was re-emphasized by the publication in March, 2012, of the results of a large US National Cancer Institute/National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health study of occupational exposure to such emissions in underground miners, which showed an increased risk of death from lung cancer. \"The scientific evidence was reviewed thoroughly by IARC, and it concluded that there is 'sufficient evidence' in humans for the carcinogenicity of diesel exhaust. The agency found that diesel exhaust is a cause of lung cancer, and also noted a positive association with an increased risk of bladder cancer.Indicating that just having cleaner diesel fuel may not solve the problem of its hand behind causing cancer, WHO noted, \"It is not yet clear how the quantitative and qualitative changes (in quality of diesel) may translate into altered health effects. Also existing fuels and vehicles without these modifications will take many years to be replaced.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108272", "title": "Maharashtra chief secretary orders audit of Setu", "text": "NASHIK: Taking note of the fact that most of the Setu centres have failed to finish their audits, the chief secretary has asked the Nashik Collector to complete the audit within a month's time.The chief secretary Jayant Banthiya during the video conferencing with the collector, Nashik and others of the respective districts noted that most of the Setu centres had failed to clear their audits. The audit for Nashik Setu was also pending for last four years. The chief secretary took strong note of the fact and asked the collectors to clear the same, give the ten percent of the total earnings to central Setu and use the rest for the various developmental works for the people.Setu is a bridge between citizens and administration getting several certificates readied for the citizens at the payment of Rs 20. The administration gets sixty percent of the revenue earned while forty percent goes to the contractor.The chief secretary also asked the collectorate to gear up on giving the 'Adhar' (Unique Identity Card) to the citizens. The work accomplished in the district was only 5.68 percent and the district needed to gear up. The contract for the same had been given to three companies and two machines should be placed in two centres in every circle, and three officers should be appointed at each centre, the chief secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108601", "title": "More engineering colleges in Tamil Nadu may lose AICTE approval", "text": "CHENNAI: The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) is planning to withdraw approval for a few engineering colleges in the state for not having adequate infrastructure. The council has issued show-cause notices to 71 institutions, including several engineering colleges, as the institutions did not have the required infrastructure or faculty as per AICTE norms.\"Inspection of colleges - some random and some others on complaints - have revealed that several in the state were violating norms. All the colleges have sent in their response to the notice. The AICTE's decision is pending. When the offence is of grave nature, AICTE considers the withdrawal of approval to these colleges. Some of the colleges fit into this category,\" said a senior official.Last year, AICTE withdrew approval to four engineering colleges in the state. The approval for Dr GU Pope College of Engineering, Jayaraj Annapackiam CSI College of Engineering, Padmavathi College of Engineering and VKK Vijayan Engineering Colleges was withdrawn.\"Many engineering colleges get conditional approval from the council when they start with the promise that they will fulfil the norms as early as possible, but most go back on their word. They continue to run the institutions without the necessary infrastructure and faculty, cheating students and the affiliating body. They ought to be banned from taking in admissions for the sake of the students,\" said a senior professor in the directorate of technical education.Tamil Nadu has the largest number of engineering and management institutions that have received a show-cause notice from the AICTE for violating norms. Of the 324 higher education institutions that were issued notices across the country, 71 are from the state.If AICTE withdraws approval, it could mean that the college will not be able to take in students this year. An AICTE official said that as the council is yet to decide how many colleges are to lose AICTE approval, the council has not been able to inform Anna University, which coordinates the single window counselling system for admission to engineering courses in the state, of the actual number of seats that would be made available through counselling.However, the council has said that it has given approval to 14 new engineering colleges this year. This means that an additional 40,000 engineering seats are likely to be added to the seat matrix this year. Officials in charge of the Tamil Nadu Engineering Admissions said that there are enough seats for all applicants this year. Figures show that now the supply overshoots the demand by a wide margin. Last year around 45,000 government quota seats went vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14109075", "title": "Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry signs MoU with US on export promotion partnership", "text": "MADURAI: Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry (TNon Wednesday signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with United States and Foreign Commercial Services (US&FCS;) on export promotion partnership. Matthew Kennedy , director, office of strategic partnerships programme and N Jegadeesan, president of TNCCI signed the MoU during a function held at the chamber premises. Through the MoU, TNCCI and US&FCS; will partner in promoting US exports in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu.Addressing the event, Kennedy said that it was a great step ahead in bridging small and medium enterprises of US and India. \"Through this measure, it will be easier for SMEs of both countries to find suitable business partners and it will make Indian SMEs globally competitive,\" he said.The salient features of the MoU will be that US&FCS; will tie up with the chamber on export awareness work with TNCCI's name and logo to be listed on their website, appointment of liaison to work with chamber and maintain a list of all partners' awareness and education programmes and outreach efforts and sharing of the export promotion-related materials from both sides.S Rethinavelu, senior president of the chamber said that through the global buyers initiative of US&FCS;, the members can locate US products, services or business partners, meet suppliers and partners face-to-face, participate in trade shows that feature thousands of US companies and obtain information about US export finance programmes. \"We will be able to avail these services from US commercial service without any charges. They are keen on promoting the exports of US in the region but we have also told them to consider the imports from the region and they assured their support,\" he said on the sidelines of the meeting.The initiative by the TNCCI had received positive feedback from the members with entrepreneurs in the region considering it as a platform to increase the trade between US and India, especially in southern districts. With US as the third biggest partner in bilateral trade, the MoU will give great mileage for the SMEs in the region trying to strike a partnership with SMEs in US, they said. V Neethimohan of Vaigai Agro Products Ltd in Madurai said that the process will facilitate more trade and simulate local growth. \"The exports from US will automatically trigger the imports as well and we will be able to get new technology and business partners, thus more business,\" he said. US companies are looking out for infrastructure, education and healthcare industries and the players from southern districts will gain from this opportunity, Neethimohan stated", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105170", "title": "Fewer cases of cheating in Maharashtra board exams this year", "text": "PUNE: Measures to curb malpractices and an elaborate awareness drive, besides printing of signed photographs of candidates on their admit cards to check impersonation, helped curb exam malpractices in the March 2012 secondary school certificate examination.The instances were down to 0.11% this year as against 0.20% last year.In all, 1,809 cases of exam malpractices, which include impersonation, copy and other methods, were reported from different divisional boards this year, state education board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav said. \"This is far less than the 3,264 cases that were reported last year,\" he added.The fall in the number of malpractices is in keeping with the trend show by the higher secondary certificate (HSC, standard XII) exam this year and is being attributed to the special efforts by the state board.Nagpur reported the highest number of 684 cases of copying and five instances of impersonation while Nashik reported 392 cases of copying and one instance of impersonation. Pune division accounted for 324 cases of copying and 2 cases of impersonation.Jadhav said, \"The board had constituted vigilance committees under the district collectors and had pressed 245 flying squads into service to ensure surprise checks of the exam centres. Some flying squads were also given additional sitting squads, officials who maintain vigil inside the exam centres, as per requirement.\"A greater focus was put on curbing malpractices during the subjects that are stumbling blocks like mathematics and English language. Senior revenue officials including divisional commissioners, district collectors and chief executive officers were urged to visit to the exam centres.The police had imposed Section 144 provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973 for ensuring that no undue assembly of people took place within 100 m radius of the exam centre, he said. \"To curb the menace of unwanted elements loitering around the exam centres, the board had arranged for videography of activities at sensitive centres,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107507", "title": "It\u2019s advantage Narendra Modi in Gujarat\u2019s 'Kurukshetra'", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Assembly elections in Gujarat, if not held before the deadline of mid-December, are exactly six months away.Many are calling Gujarat the next Kurukshetra, where the Congress will try whatever it takes to prevent Narendra Modi from winning his third successive election and emerge as a clear challenger to the throne in New Delhi. It is important for Sonia Gandhi &amp; Co to stop the 'Vote ka Saudagar' here. But even in the worst case scenario for Modi - a bad monsoon, more legal wranglings and a rebellion led by Keshubhai Patel - he does not look like slipping below the 100-mark in a house of 182, even though he may have set a lofty target of 150.In 2007, when the last elections were held in two phases on December 11 and 16, BJP won 118 seats. As of now, after a string of by-elections, the BJP tally has risen to 121 which gives it a clear two-thirds majority. The party won 127 seats in 2002 and 117 seats in 1998, which goes to show that the baseline had settled well over the three-figure mark much before Modi arrived on the scene. The problem for the Congress begins and ends in urban Gujarat where it does not have clear winning candidates in nearly 60 city seats which have repeatedly rejected the party by a fair margin.Says a veteran Congress leader, \"The BJP can count 60 safe seats and we don't have a single one as of today.\" He says the Congress also lacks a credible urban face and even leaders, who are city dwellers, are looking out for safer rural havens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108437", "title": "MNS ransacks Shilapur toll plaza demanding its closure, MLA held", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) workers led by MLA Vasant Gite and district president Sachin Thakre ransacked the toll plaza at Shilapur on Nashik - Aurangabad highway, about 15kms from Nashik city on Wednesday.Thirty MNS workers, including Gite were arrested. Elsewhere, MNS office-bearers of the party in Yeola presented a memorandum to the tehsildar demanding closure of toll plazas there.The party workers early in the morning agitated in front of the toll plaza near Shilapur, just outside Nashik city limits near the road over-bridge (ROB) on the railway track. District president Thakre claimed that the period of the toll plaza started first - nearly ten years ago - was over and the current toll contract was given illegally. \"I have given them a letter demanding complete information about the toll plaza and the authorization over collecting toll,\" Thakre said.\"We agitated and demanded the closure of the toll plaza. When they refused, some of our men ransacked the toll plaza offices but we ensured that no one was hurt,\" Thakre said.Meanwhile, elsewhere in Yeola, the MNS workers reached the Shirdi - Kopargaon toll plaza and Yeola-Vaijapur toll plaza and demanded their closure as well. No loss of property was reported from the two plazas, sources said.The activists who created a ruckus at Shilapur toll naka near Kalyan Infratech, between 11.30 am and 12.15 pm, by breaking the booth of the toll collection centre and also its equipment, were arrested by the Adgaon police and produced before a local court.All the accused were later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14104775", "title": "Mehandi Hasan touched many souls in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: He may have not come to Lucknow as a child but Lucknow was surely a part of his soul. The cord between ghazal maestro Mehandi Hasan and he city of Nawabs reflected well in his attitude. The reason behind this association could be his uncle Ismail Khan who is said to have learnt Hindustani sangeet at Lucknow's Bhatkhande Sangeet Sansthaan. After learning the basics of music from his father Ustad Azim Khan, Mehendi Hasan was taken under the wings of his uncle Ismail Khan.Folk singer Malini Awasthi, said, \"calmness (thaharaav) and serenity (sukoon) are essential elements of ghazal singing. And the two characteristics are the spirit of Lucknow. Mehendi hasan sahib's silken voice symbolized both these traits.\" Malini spent a good time with the singer in London during Zee TV's song reality show sa re ga ma pa. She added that Hasan's style was able to win over people mainly because he weaved in beautiful shayari into traditional ragas while keeping the basics of a ghazal intact.Renowned poet, Khushbir Singh Shaad, an ardent fan, always wanted to meet him. His 26 year old dream turned true when he got a chance to go to Karachi for Aman Ki Asha programme. \"Though unwell, he met everyone with the warmth his voice is known for. He appreciated some of my couplets but repeated this one several times... yeh tera taaj nahi hamari pagdi hai... yeh sar ke saath utregi sar ka hissa jo hai,\" shaad told toi.A senior officer in the state culture department, Tarun Raj informed that mehendi hasan gave a public performance in the 1980s. \"His programme was held at the Lucknow Tulsi theatre and mesmerised each soul present on the occasion. People were sending request slips and he was fulfilling all the wishes,\" Raj said.An anonymous fan however revealed that once Mehendi Hasan got upset over the reaction of audience at a programme organised at Moti Mahal Lawns. \"This happened in early 1980s. He started in his usual way of singing but a couple of serious compositions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14122204", "title": "Sarus cranes' Yeshwant Sagar habitat faces threat", "text": "INDORE: At a time when the population of the Sarus crane is reportedly declining in the country, city's bird watchers have received another shock. The increasing number of tourists, intruders, stray animals and farming in the non-migratory crane's safe and vast habitat, Yeshwant Sagar reservoir, has upset their peaceful life besides affecting their breeding due to the destruction of nests and eggs at the reservoir. The rainy season is the breeding season of Saras crane.Renowned ornithologist Dr Asad Rahmani, in his book 'Potential and existing Ramsar sites in India,' had claimed that Yeshwantsagar housed about 170 Sarus cranes (Grus antigone) a few years ago. At present, sources say that its population is reportedly under threat following the destruction of the nests and eggs.The bird lovers are fumed over the lax attitude of the authorities concerned in preserving the Sarus crane habitat and they came up with suggestions for its proper upkeep.\"The forest department should appoint more personnel to guard the Sarus habitation and it should make the local populace and farmers aware of the vulnerability of Sarus,\" says Ajay Gadakir, an avid bird lover and environmentalist. He warned that if indiscriminate destruction of Sarus nests and eggs is not stopped, this huge bird's population would dwindle fast.Gadakir claimed that there are about 30 to 40 Sarus cranes left at Yeshwant Sagar. \"I was dumbfounded by the count,\" he says adding the receding water-level during the summers has encouraged the farmers to utilise the land for farming rather than leaving it for the Sarus crane to endure.\"Human interference in the bird habitat is becoming a biggest obstacle in the conservation of these birds. People should be made aware of how these birds help maintain a balance in our ecology,\" says Arun Kher another bird lover and environmentalist. \"Increase in the use of pesticides for agriculture activities has been affecting the breeding and the growth of the bird species,\" he says.On the contrary, president of \"Nature Volunteers\" Bhalu Mondhe says that the Sarus cranes enjoy protection from the farmers as they followed a traditional belief that it has a life-long bonding pair habitat. However, nowadays the farmers find that these birds and their eggs come as obstacles in their farming activities.\"The reservoir being close to the city attracts thousands of picnickers throughout the year and the pollution caused by them in various forms has been a threat to the survival of the Sarus cranes,\" he says adding that the local residents are always alert and inform the bird lovers if they see miscreants sneaking into the Sarus habitat.\"A large number of plastics bags, junk litter, immersion of plaster of Paris and other degradable and non- degradable garbage has been posing threat to the wetland habitat,\" he says.\"People believe that there have been various incidents of stealing Sarus eggs, besides the eggs are being destroyed by stray animals and get crushed by the tractors and the mowing machines,\" says Mondhe.Divisional forest officer Saeed Khan says that he would look into the complaints for destruction of sarus nests and eggs. \"There is no separate conservation rule for sarus, they are taken care under existing conservation laws,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111394", "title": "SSC exam results: Blind girl scores 83%", "text": "MUMBAI: \"If you can imagine it, you can achieve it; if you can dream it, you can become it.\" Pooja Minannath Indise (16) proved author William Arthur Ward right when the blind student scored 83% in her SSC exams.Undeterred by her blindness , the Thane girl realised her dream of scoring well in the exams with a dedicated and focused approach towards her studies. A student of Vartak Nagar High school, Indise's focus on her studies made it easy to achieve an otherwise difficult task.\"I studied in a regular school with regular children. My teacher, Yogita Shimpi and my family members always encouraged me to behave like any of my other classmates. All the efforts we took have finally paid off now. It's a dream come true to have achieved such a high score,'' said Indise.With the assistance of a writer, Indise would spell out the long sentences, and solve arithmetic with the ease of a normal student. \"I would get my papers in Braille and say the answers aloud so that my writer could jot them down. I knew I would make it,'' she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14121301", "title": "Raj Thackerey at the launch of Badam Rani Gulam chor", "text": "Satish Rajwade is all set to give the Marathi Film Industry another blockbuster after 'Mumbai Pune Mumbai'. He is going to make a comedy movie now based on human mind. The movie is titled, 'Badam Rani Gulam chor'.Raj Thackerey attended the launch of 'Badam Rani Gulam chor' in Andheri. Along with Raj Thakerey, Sachin Pilgaonkar also came for the movie launch. The movie is said to be hugely inspired from the play, 'Makadachya Hati Champagne'. Mukta Barve, Pushkar Shrotri are the other stars in the movie who were also present at the movie launch. Sandeep Khare and Salil Kulkarni have given the music for this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14105650", "title": "'5-yr-olds made to perform oral sex, naked yoga'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Children, many between five and 10 years, were forced into oral sex and performing yoga in the nude at the Rohtak shelter home raided by a National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) team early May. An inmate was found to be HIV positive.Such revelations are part of a report submitted on Wednesday by two members \u2014 advocate Anil Malhotra and Sudeepti Sharma \u2014 of a probe panel set up by the Punjab and Haryana high court after the raid at Apna Ghar, run by an NGO. Jaswanti Devi, who ran the home, was arrested. About 101 inmates of the home were sent to various homes in Haryana after the arrest of Jaswanti and her accomplices.The report, a copy of which is with TOI, said most of the girls were made to garland men, saying they were \"married,\" and forced to consent to physical relationship.The panel found a woman shifted from Apna Ghar to another shelter home in an adjoining district tested HIV positive.\"Some children between five and 10 years complained of sexual abuse, including oral sex, by Jaswanti's son-in-law Jai Bhagwan and driver Satish,\" said the report. Satish filmed inmates as they performed yoga \"naked\", it said.Jaswanti sold a speech- and hearing-impaired girl thrice and another girl was reportedly found pregnant.During their interaction, the probe panel members found inmates with \"blank/frozen expression, presumably due to addiction to the white powder, which was administered in a soft drink in the shelter home before forcing them for sexual encounters with outsiders\".According to the report, inmates were terrified and opened up after much persuasion.Most girls said Satish would drive them to hotels where policemen abused them sexually. This was repulsive, painful and agonizing, the report quoted the inmates as saying.\"Newborn boys were sold to people in the garb of adoption by Jaswanti. If it were a girl, she would be reared to 'serve' males visiting the home. All inmates were made to consume intoxicants on festivals like Holi and Satish and Jai Bhagwan would put colour on their private parts,\" the report said.The panel asked the court to transfer the case from the Haryana Police and hand it over to an independent agency like the CBI for a thorough probe, prosecution and trial of the accused.The panel suggested brain mapping and lie detector tests for all the seven accused and examination of all electronic equipment like laptops, computers, mobile phones, cameras and recording devices belonging to them to check allegations of child pornography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14123867", "title": "Don't dismiss Maharashtra drought without basis", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government's response to the drought situation in 15 parched districts undermines its seriousness in tackling the real crises at hand.For starters, we had state minister for water supply Laxman Dhoble dismissing the condition of drought saying it was \"not so serious\" but was exaggerated by the media. Various ministers are now locked in tussles over the amount of land that has been irrigated in the state. While Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had earlier claimed that the irrigation potential in the state had increased by 0.1% in the last decade, water resources (irrigation) minister Sunil Tatkare now states that the irrigation potential of the state had increased by 5.68% between 1995 and 2011.Whether it is 0.1% or 5% the moot point is that the performance of the irrigation works is eitherway evidently insufficient. Projects under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme have overshot deadlines, sometimes by decades, with the construction of dams, canals and ponds lying unfinished even as farmers are forced to depend solely on the vagaries of the rains for their crop output.Moreover ministers and bureaucrats who have dismissed the \"seriousness\" of the drought on the premise that their tour didn't reveal such a dire situation or that government schemes were being unutilized need to go back to some basics. Droughts are declared after computation of rainfall data in a region, measurement of groundwater levels or agricultural productivity. Their dismissal of the situation then should be corroborated by hard facts based on data rather than gesticulation based on their random tours. Reports have already highlighted how an adivasi from Thane district, Parvati Jadhav (41) died allegedly while trekking over four kilometers for a bucket of water. If this is does not signal a crisis, what does?Some bureaucrats have also projected the underutilization of schemes as an indication that the situation isn't so grim. In many drought-hit villages visited by TOI, it was found that schemes themselves were often ill-conceived which resulted in villagers shunning them. For instance, the government has introduced cattle fodder sheds with the intention of doling out subsidized fodder to farmers for their cattle. But in many villages depots sold fodder at higher rates than the market price which undid the purpose of serving as a \"relief measures\". Many cattle fodder sheds were also miles away from villagers' homes requiring them to make longer treks than to the neighbourhood market, further hampering their access.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14117751", "title": "India seeks further access to 26/11 accused David Headley and Tahawwur Rana", "text": "WASHINGTON: India today sought further access to LeT operative David Headley and his accomplice Tahawwur Rana currently in US jail, with external affairs minister S M Krishna asking Washington to help bring to justice the perpetrators of the 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks.\"India's interest in further access to Headley and Rana, in accordance with our legal procedures, for the investigations into the Mumbai terror attack of November 2008, was raised,\" Krishna told reporters at a joint news conference with secretary of state Hillary Clinton after the Strategic Dialogue which was co-chaired by them.In response to a question on Pakistani-American Headley (51) and Pakistani-Canadian Rana (50), Clinton said the two countries are sharing information related to terrorism and other related issues.\"With respect to information-sharing it is our policy and practice to share information, and we do that. I'm not going to go into details because we think our co-operation on intelligence-sharing, on homeland security issues, on counter-terrorism has gotten to a new level,\" she said.\"It is very important to both of our countries. But it's also important that, you know, we support the work that is done by our professionals and our experts in protecting both of our countries, and I think we are satisfied that that is occurring,\" Clinton said.Later at a separate news conference, Krishna said terrorism has been one of the main subjects of his discussions with India.\"She understands India's concerns and how India has become a victim over a period of time of terrorist attacks coming across from Pakistan ,\" Krishna said, adding that the United States fully understands India's position.Headley has pleaded guilty to 12 terrorism charges, including his involvement in the November 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai that claimed 166 lives.Last year, Rana was also convicted of providing material support to the terrorist organisation Lashkar-e-Tayyiba . However, he was acquitted of conspiring to provide material support to the conspiracies to bomb public places in Mumbai.The issue of Headley and Rana has not only been taken up by Krishna with Clinton during his talks, Union home secretary R K Singh specifically took up the issue with his American counterparts during the talks here.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai said at this point of time India is seeking further access to Rana and Headley.\"We are looking for access right now. It is an ongoing process. Discussions are still going on. Question of extradition would come after that,\" he said.In fact in the joint statement issued at the end of the Strategic Dialogue, India and the US reiterated their pledge to bring to justice those responsible for the Mumbai attacks.\"They (Clinton and Krishna) reiterated their commitment to bringing to justice the perpetrators of the Mumbai terror attack in November 2008 and to comprehensive sharing of information on the investigations and trials relating to that attack,\" the joint statement said.Clinton and Krishna lauded the growing collaboration on counter-terrorism in the 13th meeting of the India-US Joint Working Group on Counter-Terrorism held on June 1 in Washington and the outcomes of the 2nd meeting of the Coordinating Committee of Global Forum for Counter Terrorism (GCTF) held in Istanbul on June 6-7, the statement said.\"They reiterated their commitment to further strengthening bilateral and multilateral counter-terrorism co- operation, including through intelligence sharing, information exchange, operational cooperation, and access to advanced counter-terrorism technology and equipment,\" it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14123892", "title": "Spanco unable to clear Maharashtra State Electricity dues despite repeated assurances", "text": "NAGPUR: City power franchisee Spanco has not been able to clear its dues to MSEDCL (Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Co. ltd.) in spite of giving repeated assurances since months. The dues have reduced from around Rs 250 crore in January to Rs 190 crore plus in June.When dues kept on mounting MSEDCL opened an escrow account in January whereby 90% of Spanco's bill collection amount is deposited directly in the discom account.Kaustubh Dhavse, senior vice president of Spanco had claimed on Monday that the dues were around Rs 120 crore taking into account the reconciliation of payments of feeder separation and R-APDRP projects. Contracts for both projects have been terminated due to inordinate delay. MSEDCL does not agree to the reconciled figure. The dues as on Thursday were around Rs 190 crore according to the company.Spanco officials had claimed that they had tied up Rs 300 crore loan with a consortium of public sector banks. A US-based equity firm Bessemer Venture Partners had also invested Rs 80 crore in Spanco's Nagpur operations. It is not clear as to much money has been disbursed as Spanco officials are not revealing the details.Aurangabad franchisee GTL is also unable to clear MSEDCL's dues. The default by the two franchisees has forced MSEDCL to do a rethink on franchisee model. It has revised the franchisee tender for Shil-Mumbra-Kalwa area near Thane. Now any distribution franchisee desirous of participating in the bid will have to submit a no dues certificate from the concerned discom. Secondly, the successful bidder will have to deposited six months' average collection in advance with MSEDCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109592", "title": "Polluting environment? You may soon have to pay cess", "text": "MUMBAI: Soon, you will have to pay for polluting the environment and making the city more livable. The state environment department is in the process of submitting a proposal to introduce environment cess in the cabinet soon.Environment cess will be levied on any activity that affects the environment like stone-crushing, mining, vehicular pollution, industries and big infrastructural projects. The cess levied will be in proportion to the capital investment and extent of production of an industry or an infrastructural project and the cess collected will be utilized for activities related to environment conservation.\"The state environment department has practically no funds. There are a large number of industries which are gaining at the loss of natural resources. They may not contribute to pollution but after 10 years, the issue of pollution will be at its peak and we need funds for that. A lot of awareness is needed among people, not just at the urban level but also at the district level. The central government provides grants to secure our water bodies. But this fund will help conserve our lakes and rivers. We just don't want to put the onus of conserving the environment on the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board,\" said environment minister Sachin Ahir.The environment cess will be utilized for purposes like cleaning of lakes, rivers, setting up information centres, collection of data on air and water pollution.\"At present, the cess already exists as 'green cess' for mining activities and transport but it's not utilized for environment purpose. One reason was we could not clearly define environment conservation. We will now set down clear guidelines for utilizing the cess, which will be a consolidated fund,\" said Valsa Nair Singh, secretary, state environment department. She said that the main objective to collect cess was to get funds for the environment. \"There is also a principle of polluter price. If you have polluted, you have to pay for it. It's practised in the Western countries,\" said Singh.The percentage of computing the cess is yet to be decided.CM Prithviraj Chavan has agreed that the money realized from this cess will not go to the environment department but be diverted to a consolidated fund that will be pumped back into the environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14106997", "title": "Kozhikode corporation to form squads to crack down on illegal constructions", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The city corporation has decided to constitute an exclusive squad to crack down on unauthorized buildings and nab tax evaders within its limits, in a move aimed at generating additional income.The decision on this first-of-its-kind initiative in a corporation in the state was taken during a review meeting convened by mayor A K Premajam recently.A vigilance squad formed earlier under the town planning section of the civic body has not been able to carry out its objective due to staff shortage.At present, the city corporation is only able to conduct spot visits on the basis complaints received.The new squad, to be constituted in a month under the engineering section of the civic body, is expected to impose hefty fines on defaulters.The new squad will cover the entire corporation area, including the three newly-merged grama panchayats of Cheruvannur-Nallalam, Elathur and Beypore. Eleven teams of the squad will be deployed in each of the eleven engineering sectors of the corporation.Each engineering sector covers six to seven wards of the corporation. The sector-wise teams, to be headed by an assistant engineer, will comprise building inspectors in the respective sectors.They will conduct surveys in their respective sectors to find the tax violators and owners of unauthorized constructions.A corporation level committee, headed by corporation engineer, will monitor the functioning of the sector-wise teams.A M Jayan, corporation executive engineer said stringent measures will be taken against those who are found to be violating the rules.\"In the initial stage, the civic body will issue notices to the owners of illegal buildings. Steps, including demolition of illegally constructed structures, will be taken up as part of our drive,\" said Jayan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14109325", "title": "Maximum punishment under existing laws: Public prosecutor", "text": "CHENNAI: After a prolonged trial, a sessions court on Wednesday convicted six persons on Wednesday, imposing on them sentences ranging from six months to two years. On January 23, 2004, a fire broke out at the Padmapriya Marriage Hall on E V Srinivasachari Road at Renga Nagar in Srirangam early in the morning. A total of 64 people were killed in the fire, which was apparently triggered by a short-circuit caused by a video wire.In order to avoid such tragedies in future, the judge directed the Trichy Corporation Commissioner to form a committee of qualified persons to inspect all the existing marriage halls within the Corporation limits, and also the places where the public gather in large numbers.A report shall be filed to the government within three months explaining the safety aspects and violation of rules.Public prosecutor D Asohan said that since the sentence was for a period of less than three years, the convicts exercised the option of seeking suspension of the order under Section 398 of Criminal Procedure Code.Earlier in the morning, when all the five were present in the courtroom, the judge asked individually asked the customary pre-sentencing question: \"Do you want to say anything, now that you are going to be handed down punishment?\"They replied: \"We are innocent, we did not commit any crime. Less punishment may be given to us.\" Asked about the quantum of punishment, prosecutor Asohan said, \"This is the maximum punishment that could be meted out to the accused under the existing laws. If you want more, the Parliament should amend the law.\"Noting that similar quantum alone would be meted out to a person who causes death in a two-wheeler accident as well, he said: \"Since the punishment runs concurrently, the court could not be expected to award 128 years of imprisonment.\" However, he welcomed the fact that a total of 37 lakh has to be paid to the families of the deceased, in addition to another 3.3 lakh to the injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14124563", "title": "Ration card distribution drive in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Beginning June 15, the citizens in Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad have been asked to get their ration cards stamped at their respective LPG gas cylinder distribution agency under a special drive undertaken by the food grain distribution office (FDO). The drive will continue for two months, till August 15. Stamping is mandatory for every ration card holder.The FDO has said that those citizens who have authorized ration cards should get their cards stamped and also fill the details about domestic gas connection in 'proforma A'. Citizens without ration cards need to fill details about the gas connection under 'proforma-B'. Both proformas will be made available at the gas agency.An official from FDO said that many citizens still have not furnished details about gas connections despite repeated appeals. The move of stamping of cards aims to prevent consumers with two domestic LPG cylinders from buying subsidized kerosene through ration shops.The state food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh a month back had asked the FDO to conduct a fresh drive in the city for ration card stamping. The decision was taken after he held a meeting of MLAs from the city. Deshmukh had said that steps are planned to prevent illegal sale of kerosene and put a check on LPG gas connections in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14122677", "title": "Lata Mangeshkar bids Mehdi Hassan goodbye", "text": "\"Jo baat unki awaaz mein thi woh kisiki awaaz mein nahin thi. He was blessed by God. And it pained me to see him suffer so much in the last ten years. Only God knows what he was suffering for. He had a very unique vocal identity. Many tried to sing Ghazals like him. But Mehdi saab was Mehdi saab... I recorded a song with him under very peculiar circumstances. We were supposed to sing a duet Tera milna bahut achcha lagta hai with him. Due to his ill health, he couldn't come to India and I couldn't go to Pakistan . So we recorded the duet about milna bahu achcha lagta hai (how much we like meeting) without meeting. Such is the irony of life. It was his composition and we should've sung it together,\" Lata recalls.\"He later said that he had only one regret as a musician, that he couldn't sing with me. I remember by the time we sent the tape of our duet to him, he was unable to understand fully what was going on around him... His final years were not happy. You see, when you are younger you often fail to plan for your later years. Mehdi saab spent so much money on his family. He had 13 children and I've heard the entire family, including his married daughters with their husbands and children lived together in that house he had built,\" she says.\"I met him for the first time in Canada some 40 years ago. I had gone to Kingston and we drove all the way to Ottawa for his concert. To my utter surprise, as soon as I entered the auditorium, he stopped his performance and got up with all his musicians to welcome me! He later came to meet me in Kingston. When he performed in Mumbai for the first time, I was there at the concert. I spoke at the concert. The last time I met him was some years ago. He came home to meet me. He had already suffered a paralytic stroke and he was on a wheelchair. When he was wheeled into my home, my sister-in-law Bharti (Hridaynath Mangeshkar's wife) broke down. We were all his fans. When he saw me, he broke down and cried. I think he was saddened by the fact that he met me in such a condition. He loved my Marathi song Mehndi cha panaware composed by my brother Hridaynath.... He was ill for 9-10 years. He was in a lot of pain. He didn't deserve to suffer so much,\" sighs Lata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14120771", "title": "Amrit Manthan to air five days a week", "text": "Rajan Shahi's Amrit Manthan featuring Adaa Khan and Dimple Jhangiani, airing on Life Ok is undergoing a programming change.Starting this week, the show that airs six days a week, will now air for just five days. The show is picking up on the TRP race and has registered a TRP of 0.8 as compared to 0.6 last week.According to sources, the change has been introduced in the wake of new programming strategy.A source informs, \"In a way, it's a good decision since we do not generate great numbers during the weekend. People prefer to watch movies and reality shows.\"To those uninitiated, 'Aasmaan Se Aage' , which airs on the same channel, will bid adieu to its viewers mid-July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105133", "title": "105 multi-drug resistant tuberculosis cases in district in 3 months", "text": "PUNE: As many as 105 multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) cases have been reported in the district over the last three and half months, with the highest number of cases being found in Pune city (45), followed by Pimpri-Chinchwad (34). The interiors of the district have reported 26 MDR-TB cases. This has been revealed by the referral laboratory at the Aundh Chest Hospital which started functioning on February 10.\"This means we have diagnosed 105 patients with MDR-TB in 111 days. We detected these cases in Pune district between February 10 and May 31,\" said Kanchan Jagtap, chief medical officer in charge of the State TB Training and Demonstration Centre (STDC) at the Aundh Chest Hospital.Since the lab became operational, experts have begun demarcating the MDR cases from the regular TB cases. Tuberculosis can become resistant if a patient is not treated long enough, doesn't take the prescribed medication properly or is not prescribed the right drugs.\"All the 105 patients of MDR-TB are cases of pulmonary (lung) tuberculosis,\" said Jagtap. But if not detected and put on treatment, a patient of MDR-TB can spread the infection through droplets.\"An MDR-TB patient becomes non-infectious after three months of intensive treatment - meaning, he does not spread the infection after three months of treatment as the sputum is devoid of the disease-causing bacteria. The patient is also taught cough-hygiene and cough-etiquettes to ward off the spread of infection. After 24 months of treatment, an MDR-TB patient can be completely cured,\" Jagtap said.Jagtap said, the health department has initiated multi-pronged approach to tackle the menace TB and its resistant form MDR-TB. We are creating awareness, detecting patients, counseling them to adhere to treatment and offering them free treatment. The recent Union government notification has made TB a notifiable disease - meaning even private medical practitioners will also have to report a TB case to the government. The move will bring every TB case on government radar and this will automatically preclude irrational treatment,\" said Jagtap.Of the 1.2 million \"new\" TB cases notified in 2009 in India, as many as 14,991 (1.8%) were reported to have failed the first line anti-TB treatment drug regimen. Similarly, of the 2,89,756 re-treatment TB cases, 11,265 (4%) failed the first-line re-treatment regimen.MDR-TB (resistance to two of the potent first-line anti-TB drugs, isoniazid and rifampicin) is one of the important causes for the failure of TB treatment.As per the guidelines of the Revised National Tuberculosis Control Programme (RNTCP), patients with drug susceptibility test (DST) results showing resistance to rifampicin are considered eligible for MDR-TB treatment, irrespective of resistance to isoniazid, streptomycin or ethambutol.)Between February 10 and May 31, the referral laboratory received samples of 250 patients suspected to have MDR-TB from the city limits. Of them, 45 samples tested positive for MDR-TB. The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation had sent 133 samples of suspected MDR-TB patients and of them samples of 34 patients tested positive for MDR-TB. A total of 60 samples were sent from the rural parts of the district. Of them, 26 tested positive, Jagtap said.\"MDR patients constitute two to three per cent of the newly-diagnosed TB cases. Earlier, there were only suspected cases of MDR-TB. Now, now we have been able to ascertain the exact number of MDR-TB cases in the city,\" said S T Pardeshi, health chief, PMC.While Pune city reported 1,412 TB cases in 2010, the number rose to 3,650 TB cases in 2011. Pimpri-Chinchwad reported 1,445 TB cases last year. The district's rural areas reported 4,202 TB cases in 2010 while the number came down to 3,892 in 2011.Around 85% TB cases are curable. Of the remaining, deaths constitute less than 5%, defaulters (those who discontinue treatment) less than 4%, relapses more than 3% and failures up to 3%. Patients who do not respond to treatment come in the failure category, officials said.The state started detecting MDR-TB cases from September 2007. \"Since then, we have reported over 1,100 MDR-TB cases in the state so far,\" Pradip Gaikwad, joint director (TB), state health services had said in an earlier interview.Mumbai accounted for the highest number of cases, followed by Nagpur. Since the culture lab has just started functioning in Pune, more cases will be detected. MDR constitutes 2-3% of the newly-diagnosed cases and 17% among patients put on retreatment after a gap in taking anti-TB medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111404", "title": "Parents, pet fight in vain to save youth", "text": "NAGPUR: Parents and domestic dog fought the two assailants who had come to eliminate their only child, 22-year- Rahul Wankhede, at Dhammajyoti Nagar in the early hours of Wednesday but in vain. The assailants armed with an axe eliminated the young man.Mother Pramila, recovering from a throat surgery, was hit on head and left hand. A frail Pramila had managed to snatch the axe one of the assailants but they regained it. When Pramila realized she couldn't fend off the attackers, she threw herself on her son to protect him. Rahul, a former murder accused himself, was killed with an axe by the two over an old enmity.The attackers- Akash Kakanya and Siddharth Janbandhu-came when Wankhede was asleep. He was sleeping in the courtyard in front of his house. A neighbour woke up hearing the sound and raised an alarm. That alerted the parents Ramesh and Pramila who were sleeping inside. \"I would have fought harder had the surgery did not left me weakened. They had already deadly blows on his head and neck,\" said a grieving Pramila. Ramesh, in his fifties, too tried to push away the murderers but they overpowered him too.Wankhede's pet dog also bit one of the assailants. They struck a blow on its leg rendering him injured. Sources in the Jaripatka police station said Wankhede and his friends had killed one Indurkar a few years ago. Janbandhu, a kin of Indurkar, wanted to avenge the murder. There were threats and counter threats between Janbandhu and Wankhede. A couple of days ago, Wankhede had thrashed Janbandhu too. Wankhede had also warned Janbandhu to stop different illegal activities in the vicinity. It is learnt that Wankhede was trying to reform through his social work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14121209", "title": "Two MSEB engineers caught taking bribe", "text": "MUMBAI: Two Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) engineers from Nalasopara were arrested by the Thane Anti Corruption Bureau (ACB) while accepting a bribe of Rs 35,000 from a contractor to install electronic meters in the area on late Wednesday night.An agent Niraj Pathak who acted as a conduit was also caught by the ACB. Deputy engineer Jayesh Phulpagare and junior engineer Suresh Rathi along with Pathak will be produced before the Vasai sessions court today.The complainant Ramser Jaiswal an electrical contractor was awarded the contract for installing new electronic meters in Nalla Sopara and other areas by the MSEB. Despite bagging the contract Jaiswal was not getting the signed contract documents.Last week he approached the MSEB officials at the Achole Road, Nallasopara (E) office. He was first confronted by Rathi who demanded Rs 29,800 bribe, which worked out to be Rs 100 for every electronic meter installed in the Nalla Sopara area.Unwilling to pay the money, Jaiswal approached Rathi's senior Phulpagare. The deputy engineer went a step further and demanded an additional Rs 5,000 for signing the contract papers. Pathak was acting as the middleman advising Jaiswal how the payment had to be made.On Monday Jaiswal complained to the ACB who laid a trap. On Wednesday Jaiswal agreed to pay the cash. Phulpagara and Rathi along with Pathak agreed to meet Jaiswal with the cash in the office after working hours. The three were caught red-handed while accepting the money.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110363", "title": "City to have additional 1,843 cops", "text": "LUCKNOW: A total of 1,843 cops from surrounding districts will be in the state capital on June 23 to ensure and free and fair municipal corporation elections. This will be in addition to a total of 3,969 cops already present in the state capital. Adding to it, assistance of around 4,200 homeguards and 16 companies of PAC would also be taken on the day of election.Category wise, the city will get additional 15 deputy superintendents of police (DySPs), 221 inspectors and sub-inspectors, 127 head constables; 1,260 constables and 220 women constables. Besides, a total of 3969 cops including ASPs, DySPs, inspectors, sub-inspectors and others already posted in the city would also be deployed for the local bodies' elections. Deployment of forces would be made according to the sensitive and hyper-sensitive booths, a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "amrtisar", "code": "14116093", "title": "NGO 'United Sikhs' opens a water treatment plant in Haiti", "text": "Amrtisar: Sikh NGO, United Sikhs has opened a water treatment plant in Haiti to provide clean drinking water to as many as 5000 survivors of the 2010 earthquake, informed NGO's director Gurvinder Singh on Thursday. \"This plant provides clean drinking water, by a reverse osmosis system process to over 5000 Haitians on a daily basis\" said he .The project is aimed to address the severity of a cholera epidemic and other water related illnesses that cause sickness, death added he. He further informed that United Sikhs had already distributed 20 tons of rice to over 25 orphanages and make-shift camps to enable the feeding of over an estimated 250,000 meals.Sri Guru Singh Sabha Gurdwara of Thailand donated the rice. The United Sikhs Aid team shipped the rice to Haiti and set up distribution in Santo la Plaine, Port-au-Prince , Cite Soleil, Aux Cayes, Montrouis, Mirebalais and Coteaux Port Salut. Deputies in each area assisted the team in distribution.Quoting United Nations' statistics, he informed that 600,000 Haitians were still without shelter ,general population was extremely vulnerable and faces food insecurity and the threat of cholera due to which 6500 persons had died last years.He informed that they had found that almost 70 percent of the available fresh water gets used for irrigation in agriculture, it takes 5 liters of well water to make 1 liter of clean bottled water and an average Haitian family uses 5 gallons of water per day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14119397", "title": "Heavy rains lash Babra in Amreli", "text": "RAJKOT: Some small rivers were in spate after heavy rains lashed Babra taluka of Amreli district on Monday evening. District flood control room officials said 115 mm of rainfall was recorded in Babra taluka.One youth, who was riding a motorcycle, was rescued by people before he began to drown in Kalubhar river.A farmer was injured when he was hit by lightning at Mota Bhandariya village in Amreli taluka. Kanubhai Kasvala was taken to government hospital in Amreli. There were reports of sporadic rainfall from other parts of the district as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14124928", "title": "AIFF to announce new coach at its Exco meeting tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The AIFF will announce the appointment of former Dutch international Wim Koevermans as the Indian football coach besides discussing issues concerning hosting of the Nehru Cup during its executive committee meeting on Friday.Koevermans' appointment will end a more than a year's search for a full-fledged coach for the Indian football team after the sacking of Englishman Bob Houghton last year.Also on the agenda will be this year's Federation Cup tournament, venue for which is yet to be finalised.A well-placed source has confirmed that issues like number of participating countries in the Nehru Cup, being held in the All India Football Federation's 75th year, would be discussed in the meeting, which will be followed by a media interaction at the Football House.Koevermans will make a presentation to the executive committee members following which his appointment will be made official.The 51-year-old Koevermans, a former Dutch central defender, was part of the squad that won the 1988 European Championship.Following AIFF's sacking of Houghton early last year, Armando Colaco and Savio Medeira -- whose contract had expired on May 31 -- were given short stints, but they failed to yield much success to the national ream.Another Dutchman Rob Baan, who was appointed Technical Director in October last year, was given the responsibility to search for the chief coach and he has handpicked compatriot Koevermans for the job.Koevermans agreed to the terms and conditions after a meeting with Baan and general secretary Kushal Das.\"Initially, he will be given a two-year contract and if the performance of the national team under him is satisfactory his contract will be extended,\" an AIFF official had said recently.If appointed, Koevermans' first job at the helm will be the Nehru Cup, expected to be held here from August 16-26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14110566", "title": "World Blood Donor day: 100 per cent of blood donated at GH is voluntary", "text": "COIMBATORE: When K Anandtheerthan was just 21 years old, he watched his pregnant mother die right in front of him all because she could not get the blood she needed to keep alive. However, he did not allow himself to drown in his adversity. Instead, he vowed to do what he could to encourage people to donate blood, in addition to donating blood himself. At 63 years, he has conducted 60 donation camps so far and donated blood himself for more than 10 years, until he developed ulcers.As we celebrate World Blood Donor day on Thursday, voluntary donors across the globe like Anandtheerthan will be remembered and thanked for their thoughtfulness and generosity. The day will be marked by several awareness events where people will be encouraged to donate blood or perhaps participate in the collection process. People need to understand the value of life and the important role donated blood plays in saving lives.G Shivakumar, a regular blood donor, reiterates how critical blood donation is in saving lives, especially if one has a rare blood group. Voluntary blood donation is the need of the hour as often blood banks go dry. Over the years, he says he has seen more people come forward and donate blood voluntarily, but it is hardly enough to meet demand.Managaiyarkarasi, who heads the blood bank at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital, said that Tamil Nadu is leading in the number of blood donors in the country. The state collects 7.70lakh units of blood every year and of this 6.90lakh units are donated voluntarily.In Coimbatore, voluntary blood donation has increased in recent years. Three years ago, voluntary blood donors constituted just 84 percent of the total blood collected in blood banks. While the rest came from relatives and professional blood donors. However, the scenario has changed now and 100 per cent of blood collected at the GH comes from the voluntary blood donors.She further said that there is a need for rare blood groups. People are hesitant to come forward for various reasons. Such people should be encouraged to donate blood. More unique methods and technologies should also be introduced that will help meet demand, she noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "14109567", "title": "Central team visits Gaya, brain fever toll mounts to 11", "text": "GAYA: With one more boy succumbing to 'brain fever' in the wee hours on Wednesday, the brain fever toll rose to 11 in the Gaya district. All the 11 deaths have been reported from Anugrah Narain Magadh Medical College Hospital (ANMMCH), Gaya.ANMMCH superintendent Dr Sita Ram denied reports that Guddu, the latest victim of the brain fever died after being denied free CT Scan in the hospital and that the hospital staff demanded Rs 800 from Guddu's parents for conducting the CT scan. \"All the tests are being conducted free,\" he said.Guddu's parents had left the hospital by the time newspersons reached the hospital following reports of violation of the government order for free medical assistance including medicine and tests to the patients suffering from the disease.Meanwhile, a central team comprising Dr Sanjeev Gupta and Dr BK Raina, joint and additional directors respectively of the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP), visited the ANMMCH on Wednesday to review the situation in the wake of confirmation of two cases of Japanese Encephalitis in the hospital. Though state government officials have been maintaining that the disease threatening to take an epidemic form in the district was Acute Encephalitis Syndrome (AES) or Brain Fever not Japanese Encephalitis, the deadliest of the nearly one-and-half-a dozen types of encephalitis, two cases tested JE positive at ANMMCH.The visiting team members, according to hospital sources, also collected samples to conduct confirmatory tests for Japanese Encephalitis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14113064", "title": "Food and Drugs Administration raids water processing unit", "text": "NAGPUR: Food and Drugs Administration (FDA) officials on Wednesday raided a processing unit of packaged drinking water M/S Narayani Agro in Kalamna and seized the water cans. The unit run by Shivshankar Agrawal was illegal as it did not possess both the licence for processing water and BIS permission for it.The FDA joint commissioner C B Pawar told reporters said that the administration was taking the issue of processed water very seriously and would prosecute the person if the water quality is found to be substandard and infected. \"It is the question of people's life. FDA would continue to pursue the issue,\" he said.FDA seized 69 cans of 20 litres each costing Rs 8498 and sent the samples from each can for testing. \"Maximum punishment in such cases can be either a fine of Rs 10 lakh or life imprisonment in case the water is found to have bacterial or fungal infection and the infection is severe,\" stated Pawar.The raid was conducted under the guidance of assistant commissioner of food S B Naragude early Wednesday morning at 8.30am. One of the team members A G Deshpande said everybody organizing any big function should ensure that all water brought by the caterer was sealed and had BIS mark. \"People pay through their nose for the water and yet do not bother to check the quality which could make hundreds of person sick,\" he said.It is mandatory for every water processing company, small or big, to have a licence from Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS). Each bottle or can should also have the ISI mark. Every batch of water processed has to be assessed by BIS officials before bringing to market. So there should be at least a gap of 3-5 days after the date of manufacturing. Joint commissioner also said that each unit should have a specified laboratory and trained technicians expected to keep a stock of material from each batch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14113704", "title": "Govt HS school at Mananchira uses veranda as classroom", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Leaking roofs and a dilapidated building. The Government Model Higher Secondary School, situated in the heart of the city at Mananchira, stands as a monument of bureaucratic apathy. Classes for the students of ninth standard are conducted on the school veranda.The authorities had sanctioned Rs1 crore for the repair and construction of a new building two years ago. The lackadaisical attitude of the contractors to whom the public works department and the corporation had awarded tenders for the construction works is learnt to be the reason for the delay in completion of the work.The Kozhikode corporation had sanctioned Rs 9 lakh for the construction of toilets. But the repair of toilets has not started and the newly constructed one is not in a position to use. The same is the case with the smart classroom too. A Pradeep Kumar MLA had donated Rs 3 lakh to set up a smart classroom. Two classrooms were converted for this purpose but the project is yet to take off. Members of the Parent Teachers Association and students allege that the city corporation started the work of painting of classrooms after school reopening. \"The teachers are forced to conduct classes on verandas due to the repair work,'' they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "14120274", "title": "Mob ransacks outsourcing firm's office in Sindri", "text": "SINDRI: Hundreds of youths from Kandra and surrounding villages ransacked the office of an outsourcing company that carries out mining activities in the Chasnala colliery on Wednesday besides damaging at least 30 vehicles. While the villagers claim they demand employment, the company has alleged that the rowdies have demanded extortion money and has lodged a case against 22 persons with Patherdih police station in this regard.Nearly 150 youths blocked the road near upper seam of the colliery demanding employment to local villagers in the outsourcing company. As a result coal transportation and movement of vehicles remained disrupted for nearly one hour. While colliery officials were trying to convince them to lift the blockade and talk to the management, the mob turned violent and started attacking the stranded vehicles. Glass panes of two jeep, heavy earth movers, haul-packs, dumpers, tankers, ambulance, water tankers were damaged by squatters with rods and stones. The mob then entered the office and damaged the office table and chair and other furniture there.J P Singh, the site in-charge of the outsourcing company, in a written complaint to the Patherdih police has alleged that the youths took away Rs 15,000 cash and one mobile phone form the office. \"Youths leading the mob were demanding extortion money for long,\" he alleged and informed the police that they have openly asked for Rs 35000 in cash immediately and a monthly ransom of Rs 50,000 if they want to work peacefully.Officer in-charge of Patherdih PS Permanand Birua informed that the police have registered a case of rioting, theft, extortion and trespassing under different sections of IPC against the 22 persons named in the FIR. \"The FIR was lodged on the basis of the complaint of the site in-charge of the company,\" said the officer.However, Pradeep Mahto refuted the allegations and said that they were agitating since long for employment in the outsourcing company. \"The colliery general manager on May 7, 2010 had promised to consider our demands sympathetically. We have organized dharna and demonstration several times but to no avail. Recently we submitted a seven-point charter of demands to the company that included employment to villagers besides provision of a deep boring in the village and maintenance work in the village club but the company took no notice of our demands,\" said Mahto.When contacted general manager B K Sinha expressed concern over the village youths indulging in vandalism and said that if they had any demands, they should have consulted the management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108831", "title": "Civic workers withdraw strike, garbage clearing resumes", "text": "CHENNAI: Garbage clearance operations in two corporation zones resumed on Wednesday after workers of the private firm in charge of the operations withdrew their strike following an assurance from officials on pay revision.Top officials of Ramky Enviro said the issue had been resolved and that 68 compactors were engaged in the works. S D Venkatesh, head of operations, said the workers had agreed to improve performance. \"We don't plan to reduce any amount from their wages. We were planning more incentives based on their performances but they wanted a fixed salary per month,\" he said.Corporation officials said several councillors had complained about the agency's shoddy work. \"If their performance doesn't improve, we may consider cancelling their contract in the Kodambakkam zone,\" said a senior official. Ramky now manages the Teynampet, Kodambakkam and Adyar zones.Venkatesh said the plan to provide incentives was aimed at improving performance. \"We asked workers to do two additional trips a day, offering Rs 19 per tonne to compactor drivers and Rs 15 per tonne for helpers. Normally, a worker collects 9-10 tonnes per trip. But the workers are unhappy with this. We will come up with a revised package within a week,\" he said.Residents, however, said they hadn't experienced any change since Ramky took over. \"Many dust bins continue to overflow with garbage. They should maintain timing on garbage collection,\" said R Govindaraj, joint general secretary of NGO Exnora International. and resident of West Mambalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14105669", "title": "AAI clears plans for metro station near Kolkata airport", "text": "KOLKATA: The Airports Authority of India (AAI) has cleared the Metro Railway station within the Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport in Kolkata. This station in the 32-km New Garia - Sector V section. AAI has however, made it clear that this station will have to be underground. Metro Railway had originally planned a station on the viaduct nearly 20 meters above the ground.\"This is a Rs 3,951-crore project. We will now have to re-evaluate the actual cost as it will go up due to the tunneling work to build the underground station. We are happy though that the project has been cleared,\" said Protyush Ghosh, DGMG, Metro Railway.Though this will be the first ever metro link to the airport (Delhi already has one) in Kolkata, AAI had refused to grant permission for a station above the ground within the NSCBI premises on two counts. First, the viaduct could pose a threat to incoming and outgoing aircraft when the second link is built extending the existing north-south metro, AAI was also concerned about pillars that would encroach into its surface area, therefore affecting its plans to commercially exploit the land by constructing hotels and retail.With Metro finally acceding to this demand, a major hurdle has been cleared, officials believe. The underground station will also be a meeting point with the Noapara-Barasat stretch that will also pass through the airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14118105", "title": "Three kids injured in low-intensity explosion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Three children between 6 and 12 years sustained minor injuries when a low intensity crude bomb exploded in a garbage heap near Bakshi Kala in Daraganj on Wednesday afternoon. The children were playing near the garbage dump.The injured were identified as Mahim Fatima (5), Mantusha (10) and Jigra (6). While playing, one of the girls noticed a round object lying near the garbage dump. As she picked it up, it exploded leaving the children injured.Inspector Daraganj CD Gaur said children sustained minor injuries and they were discharged from hospital after being administered first-aid.Police officials including SP (City) Shailesh Kumar Yadav rushed to the spot. Investigations wee underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14124863", "title": "Shahid loves house parties", "text": "Actor Shahid Kapoor says house parties are more fun and he prefers them over club parties.Talking at a promotional event of his upcoming film, Teri Meri Kahani at a college Shahid said, \"There is no reason to stop partying...in fact I feel house parties are more fun, you can have your own music, food and enjoy completely. Are you guys so boring?the party should not stop. Don't you know how to do house parties?.\" \"I love house parties more than being at a club or a pub,\" he said.The 31-year-old actor was referring to the crackdown on a city's nightclub. Recently, Assistant Commissioner of Police Vasant Dhoble raided the Shiro nightclub in Worli, saying it was flouting rules. Also other popular nightclubs such as Club Escape in Andheri and Royalty in Bandra were raided. Not only Shahid, but even other B-town celebrities had expressed displeasure over the raid on micro-blogging site Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14109107", "title": "Madurai-born man gets business person of the year award in US", "text": "MADURAI: A Madurai-born entrepreneur has received the businessman of the year award given by an industry body at Atlanta in the US.Arvind Krishnaswami, a native of Madurai went to the US for higher studies and subsequently settled there. After a decade of experience in industry evaluations, business strategies, data analytics and particularly devoting years in evaluating the healthcare industry revenue cycle process, he founded Medlytix in 2006 in Atlanta and wove the success story.Among several eligible contenders, Krishnaswami was chosen by the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce for the business person of the Year 2012 under the emerging entrepreneur category.The award was presented to Krishnaswami on June 7 at Atlanta. The city is home to more than 5.3 million people and more than 145,000 private-sector firms.\"Since I was working in the banking sector, I had to move to various cities across the country. Hence, Arvind's childhood days were spent in many cities including Bangalore and New Delhi. He studied electrical engineering at the Regional Engineering College in Surat. He moved to the US for masters in electrical engineering and then pursued MBA at Southern Methodist University at Dallas, Texas,\" said M S Krishnaswami, father of Krishnaswami, who resides in Shenoy Nagar in Madurai.As the CEO of Medlytix, Arvind Krishnaswami had steered the company towards growth. In six years since it was founded, Medlytix has grown to record an annual revenue of US$5 million to $20 million.In an interview to 'Atlanta Business Chronicle', Krishnaswami has said that Medlytix has helped about six lakh persons over the past year across US by getting their entire hospital bills written off. According to Krishnaswami, Medlytix system was in 400 hospitals in 38 states of the US.The hospitals had no way of knowing the income and revenue of the patients and hence their ability to pay the hospital bills. Hence, all the patients were sent through the same collection process and it was impossible to determine who should receive the charity. The company had evolved a system that helped in streamlining the charity offer available for patients in the US hospitals by inferring the income data of the patients, he had said.When contacted, Krishnaswami said, \"I am grateful to my parents M S Krishnaswami and Padma Krishnanswami. Without their support, encouragement and blessings this would not have been possible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14122754", "title": "Gujarat high court fines school authority for ignoring job application", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has fined Junaghadh's education officer (DEO), a school authority and a teacher for ignoring application of a candidate and not calling him for an interview and asked them to pay token compensation to the candidate.Justice DH Waghela imposed Rs 10,000 fine each on the education officer, Navjivan High School and one teacher identified as Bhagwanbhai Solanki asking them to pay it to one Virendra Solanki, who was not called for an interview for the post of assistant teacher in 2000. The teacher has also been asked to follow the procedure to claim compensation to the actual loss he might have suffered for being ignored for the job, though he was qualified.The school issued advertisement in 2000 for the post of assistant teacher, and Solanki having degrees of BSc BEd and belonging to Socially and Educationally Backward Class was a suitable candidate. He applied, but he was not called for the interview and Bhagwanbhai was appointed. Solanki moved the HC seeking direction that the interview process should be termed illegal and the appointment should be annulled.After hearing the case, the court found that the DEO and the school management had violated the instructions of the Gujarat Secondary Education Board in not calling Solanki for interview and appointing Bhagwanbhai as assistant teacher. \"The allegations of favouritism amounting to pick and choose policy stand substantiated and violation of Articles 14 and 16 of the Constitution of India is proved,\" the court observed.In another job as primary teacher, Solanki was paid Rs 2500 salary for five years and thereafter he was accommodated in the pay-scale of Rs 4000-6000, due to which he was drawing salary of Rs 14,572 in 2010. On the other hand, Bhagwanbhai, who was appointed as assistant teacher by the school, was drawing Rs 22,000.The court also noticed that Solanki was not called for interview on wrong pretext and hence he had suffered huge monitory loss. \"Therefore, the petitioner is required to be compensated at least by a token amount of compensation, without prejudice to his right to claim damages upon proof of actual loss caused to him,\" the judge observed and asked the DEO, the school authority and the teacher that was appointed in 2000 to pay Rs 10,000 each to Solanki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14122438", "title": "Rajdhani express earn additional revenue of Rs 1.53 crore for Railways", "text": "Ahmedabad: The Ahmedabad-New Delhi Swarna Jayanti Rajdhani Express, the most sought after train for New Delhi from the city has helped the Western Railway to earn an additional passenger revenue of Rs 1.53 crore, The Western railway has in April introduced coaches new coaches which were based on new German technology LHB coaches. The new coaches are more spacious and without jerks.The Rajdhani on an average will be able to accommodate around 120 odd more passengers daily. Senior officials said that the Rajdhani with the new LHB coaches will have it first run from the city on Friday.Officials said that apart from the routine comfort, these coaches have capacity to accommodate about 72 passengers in each AC-3 coach as against 64 passengers in other routine coach. Similarly, the number of berths is more in LHB AC-2 will have capacity to accommodate 52 passengers against the 46 in the routine coach. In AC-1 coaches there were be space for 24 passengers against the capacity of 18 in the present coaches,.Officials said that by accommodating more passengers, the Railway got an additional revenue of Rs 1.26 lakh per trip. In a day a up and down train would save Rs 2.52 lakh. Railway officials since April 13 till today, the railways would have earned an additional revenue of Rs 1.53 crore.Also the officials said that \"thanks to LHB coaches, diesel worth Rs around Rs 70 lakh will be saved per year in Rajdhani express. Earlier, one trip used to consume 3600 liter diesel, which is now 3420 liter. This means, on every trip, 5% diesel is saved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120360", "title": "Assam HSLC results to be declared today", "text": "GUWAHATI: The office of the Board of Secondary Education, Assam (Seba), is abuzz with activities as all the officials are busy with last-minute preparations for the much awaited results of the High School Leaving Certificate examination ( HSLC) and Assam High Madrassa (AHM) examination, which would be declared today.This year, the matric examination went through a lot of controversies, one being distribution of wrong set of question papers of general science due to which the exam had to be rescheduled. Besides, some answersheets were devoured by cows at an evaluation centre in Goalpara, owing to which the result is being declared even late than last year.At the Seba office, almost all officials started dispatching the results to different centres since Tuesday and by Thursday, all result sheets would be despatched in all the 51 zones. To ensure that the work is done on time, all the officials are working even on the holidays, Seba officials said.Basanta Das, secretary of Seba, added, \"Work is in its final phase now and we are working till 9 pm every day and even on holidays. Since there were some goof-ups this time, we have to be extra cautious.\"He added, \"Last year, the results were declared on May 27. But this time, it had to be delayed. So, now we are ensuring that no further errors take place and in every zone, the results are declared before 12pm on Friday.\"Another official, who was busy with the listing, said, \"Result time is always rush time and we are working even on Sundays. So taking leave is out of question. All departments have been assigned different work.'He added, \"We don't mind the hard work as the board conducts only one exam in a year. Before the exam, it was the students who worked hard. After the exams, we have to give our best to ensure that all students get their fruits of hard labour.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14106864", "title": "500 cluster buses in 6 months", "text": "NEW DELHI: There's good news for bus commuters in the city. Transport minister Arvinder Singh announced on Wednesday that over the next six months, a fleet of 500 buses would roll out under the cluster scheme.\"We will also be able to achieve our year-end target of 1,000 buses by December 2012,\" added Singh while inaugurating the cluster bus depot at Sunehri Nullah in Lodhi Colony.Singh's announcement comes on the back of a severe public transport crunch with only 261 buses plying on the city roads under the cluster scheme. Though around 5,000-odd DTC buses also cater to the transport demand, the cluster buses were expected to tackle a large part. However, till date, buses on only a few routes are running under the scheme.On Wednesday, 14 cluster buses on route 410, which will run between the Jal Vihar terminal and Khyala, were launched.Singh said he was hopeful that by 2013, around 2,000 cluster buses would be plying on various routes in the capital. The new bus depot at Sunehri Nullah can accommodate 220 buses. Admitting that the launch of cluster buses has been delayed, Singh added that in the next few days the remaining 35 buses on route numbers 540 (10 buses), 408 (15 buses) and 246 (10 buses) would roll out.The depot will not only serve as a parking space for these buses but will also be a maintenance and inspection area.On the next four cluster bus services, Singh said a cabinet decision was awaited. \"I am hopeful that will happen in the next 10 days,\" Singh said. Commenting on the issuing of new auto permits, Lovely said that it too awaited a Cabinet decision. Earlier ToI had reported that the transport department has finalized the policy for the 45,000 new permits. The policy will allow only those with a valid driver's license and a PSV (public service vehicle) badge to apply for the permit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108680", "title": "Nearly 2K traffic offenders booked in 3 days", "text": "NASHIK: The city traffic department cracked down on errant traffic offenders and and booked 1,842 of them in three days in a bid to streamline vehicular traffic in various parts of the city.Among the offenders who faced police action, over 400 were rickshaw drivers and the amount collected as fine was Rs 2.3 lakh. The action was taken in different parts of the city mainly targeting fancy number plates on motorbikes, bikers carrying more than one pillion rider and rickshaw drivers stuffing more than three passengers.The action was taken at Central bus stand, Shalimar Chowk and Timbak Naka areas. While rickshaw drivers argued that the action was taken against them for no reason, traffic officials pointed out that the drivers were operating in the city without wearing uniforms or badges and many of them were operating without functional meters, though it has been made compulsory from April 1. Auto drivers were also cramming more passengers than is permissible and parking their vehicles at unauthorized rickshaw stands.In view of the rising chaos on city roads, senior traffic cops also said that the crackdown will continue till disciplined driving is visible on the city's roads. Officials also said that though they have collected fine amounting to over Rs 2.3 lakh in the past three days, it has been observed that the compromise fee of Rs 100 was too small to pinch the pockets of drivers. However, once the fee amount is increased to Rs 500, which the government is contemplating to do in the future, the action by the police would surely yield good results, the cops added.Meanwhile, the Regional Transport Office, Nashik is also taking action against rickshaw drivers who do not have functional meters fixed in their vehicles. RTO officials said that they want to make paying by meter compulsory in the city and every rickshaw driver must abide by the noem. However, they added that the first priority would be ensuring that all autos have functional meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "upleta(rajkot)", "code": "14119483", "title": "Man digs his own grave to save trees", "text": "UPLETA(RAJKOT): This 81-year-old environmentalist has dug his own grave, literally.Premjibhai Patel, fondly known as Premji Bapa who has gained fame for planting nearly 10 million trees and building 1,700 check dams in arid Saurashtra, has kept a grave ready for himself in his four-acre farm in Upleta.Patel has asked his family members that when he dies, he should be quietly buried in the pit and not a single log of wood be used for his final rites.\"I have also told my family that there should be no memorial stone on the grave. The pit should be filled up and used for farming again as usual. Crops should be grown on this grave and it should be treated just like part of the field,\" he told TOI.\"I can't see the trees which I planted being chopped for my death. No wood should be used in my agni sanskar,\" he added.Patel, a successful businessman in Mumbai, returned to his native in 1967 only to embark on a mission to turn Saurashtra green. He founded a non-governmental organization (NGO), VPST, which initiated a number of water harvesting and tree plantation projects in the Rajkot district.\"I was told that once upon a time there was forest cover from Gir to Dwarka. I was shocked to hear that trees were chopped for fuel,\" he said.Patel was awarded the National Water Award-2008 by the Union ministry for water resources for watershed projects with effective community participation. He planted a million gando baval trees which inspired former Indian president Dr APJ Abdul Kalam to meet him during his visit to Gujarat in 2010.\"As a son, I fully respect his wishes after his death and will follow whatever he wants for his final rites,'' said his son Rayji Patel, an industrialist and president of Naroda Industrial Estate in Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14125148", "title": "Cheryl Cole attracted to tattooed men", "text": "Cheryl Cole has revealed that she fancies men who are into body art just like her.The 28-year-old pop diva admitted that she got her first tattoo - of Tweety Bird- when she was 16.And that not only is she still in the process of getting a \"big tattoo\" across her back but only really fancies men who are into their ink too.\"It's like body art, and I think it's reflective of somebody's personality,\" the Mirror quoted her as telling i-D magazine.\"I don't know what it is. I'm always attracted to people with body art,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14117302", "title": "No Koffee for Karan this year", "text": "Earlier scheduled to go on air in June 2012, the show has been put on the backburner. Fans will have to wait till summer 2013 Karan Johar's popular chat show, Koffee With Karan Season 4 will not be telecast this year as planned. The reason, we learnt is the filmmaker's involvement with yet another popular show on a competitor channel. Earlier, the 40-year-old filmmaker had said that the fourth season of his famous show will go on air in June 2012. He had even added that it will be telecast in the 9 pm slot on Sunday after the fifth edition of the Indian Premiere League gets over. But the plans have surely changed. When contacted, Karan said, \"I am definitely doing Koffee With Karan. We will be on air in summer 2013.\" Insiders revealed the reason behind Karan's show being put on the backburner is his appearance in a dance show on a competitor channel. \"Right now, being a judge on a dance based reality show, Karan is endorsing a different channel. As per guidelines, he cannot be on two different shows at the same time,\" said the insider. A source from the broadcaster of Koffee With Karan confirmed that the show is unlikely to be launched this year. \"There is no movement in the pre-production department of the show as yet. We have not received any communication from our marketing team either,\" said the source. A certain section of the industry believes that Karan has run out of celebrities to appear as a guest on his show. As a result, the fourth season has been held up. However, a friend of the filmmaker rubbished such reports. \"It's not true. Every year, there are people who say that Karan has no celebrity left on his list. And he comes up with a new one. But yes , the show is not happening anytime soon. Karan is extremely busy with his other television show and his next directorial venture Student Of The Year,\" said the friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "14119635", "title": "Lightning kills 5 in Saurashtra", "text": "RAJKOT: At least five persons died due to lightning in Saurashtra as rains lashed most parts of the region on Wednesday.According to districts flood control room officials, rainfall occurred in Junagadh, Rajkot, Surendranagar and Jamnagar districts in the region.Rajkot district flood control room officials said three persons died in Jamkandorna taluka due to lightning on Wednesday. While one died in Sajdiyali village, two died in Chavandi village.In Jamnagar district also two persons died of lightning.The deceased have been identified as Gokaldas Kathiriya (60) and Baliben Tejabhai (42), both residents of Kotha Bhadukiya village in Kalawad taluka of Jamnagar district. Besides, two animals too died of lightning at Sumra village in Dhrol taluka.In Nariyara village of Dhrangadhra taluka in Surendranagar district, one cow died as an electric pole fell on it. Major rainfall occurred in Chotila (90 mm), Dhoraji (50 mm), Jamkandorna (30 mm), Lodhika (21 mm), Upleta (33 mm), Mendrada (31 mm), Kalawad (20 mm) and Veraval (14 mm).Earlier, on Tuesday evening also, two people died due to lightning in Rajkot district. The deceased have been identified as Budha Bharwad, a resident of Khirsara and Manubhai Parmar, a resident of Chavandi village in Jamkandorna taluka.According to India Meteorological Department (IMD) officials, light to moderate rain or thundershowers would occur at a few places in all districts of Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "14119714", "title": "Staff shortage &amp; lack of gadgets compound power crisis in Lohardaga", "text": "Lohardaga: Technicians of the Jharkhand State Electricity Board in the district repair the burnt fuse 20 to 25 times and the snapped overhead wires 10 to 12 times every day with no basic gear. This directly affects the power supply system here which is in a bad shape. Local faults in distribution lines, shortage of field staffs and absence of supporting and life-saving gears increase the crisis.The department claims a minimum of 18-hour supply every day while people complain of getting it for six to ten hours. There is no fix timing for load-shedding. \"Sometimes, electricity comes at 11pm and goes off by late night forcing people to spend sleepless nights,\" said Kalyani Poddar, a resident.Firoz Akhtar, an employee of the electricity board, said they did hard work only for public interest. \"The department has not given us even a pair of pliers. Other basic equipment like ladder, ropes, torch, and gloves are also managed by us to redress people's grievances keeping in mind that in case of long absence of electricity water supply is directly affected.\" He was supported by other employees who have been facing problems in maintaining overhead lines.However, junior engineer Manoj Prasad denied that equipment were not supplied to the technicians.The department has seven permanent field and six temporary staffers on daily wages. The daily wagers complained of not receiving their payments for the past five months.Junior engineer Prasad said even he was not provided with a four-wheeler and a cellphone from the department. \"I have to move to repair faults in distribution lines and transformers on my own motorcycle. Similarly, field staffers, too, have to manage their own motorcycles for the same purpose,\" he said.About the poor and irregular supply, the junior engineer said the district was getting much less of its requirement. \"No transformer in town has the switch to cut the distribution line of a particular transformer area. If anywhere there is a fault in the distribution line, supply is held by the control room. We are repairing burnt fuses in transformers 20 to 25 times and repairing snapped of electric wires 10 to 12 times every day. Wires are 60-year-old and most of the poles have reached to pitiable conditions.\"Executive engineer Sameer Mundu said the power crisis was because of short supply. \"Whenever there is short supply, we have to cut power,\" said Mundu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14108523", "title": "State pre-engg test results out, many seats expected to be vacant", "text": "JAIPUR: Bikaner lass Chavi Chaudhary and Alwar boy Saumya Mittal bagged first positions in the female and male categories of Rajasthan Pre-Engineering Test 2012, the results of which were announced by the Board of Technical Education Rajasthan (BTER) on Wednesday. Jaipur girl Ashima Jain stood third in the girls' category.The board conducted the examination to shortlist candidates for admission to various engineering colleges, both private and government, affiliated to the Rajasthan Technical University.This year, the results were announced in two categories - males and females. \"I expected to be in top 5 but it unbelievable on seeing my name in the first position. Now, I am in a position to choose the best college,\" Chavi Chaudhary said. Parul Agarwal of Kota secured the second spot.In the boys' category, Saurabh Nakra stood second and Jaikishen Rupani of Ajmer third. This year, there is a slight decrease in number of aspirants from outside Rajasthan, according to BTER. The result is available on websites www.techedu.rajasthan.gov.inThe board said about 60,000 students vied for 52,500 seats in 145 engineering colleges along with 10 government colleges in the state. During the current session, 2,000 more seats were available with the increase of number of seats in eight to 10 colleges. Sources said counselling in the engineering colleges for RPET seats will start after 10 days. The colleges will conduct second and third counselling if the seats were vacant even after the first counselling.The successful students would have to fill up the options in the OMR sheet. The board officials said classes for the new session would begin in the first week of June. It is most likely that nearly 15,000 seats will be left vacant as many students who appeared in this exam have cracked the IIT-JEE and the AIEEE.Government engineering colleges affiliated to the RTU have to face stiff competition from 34 private universities as they are all offering B-Tech courses. This year RTU has taken several measures to strengthen the quality of education by introducing soft skills programmes besides shifting tougher subjects in later semsters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune ", "code": "14124854", "title": "Murder accused on the run surrenders", "text": "PUNE : One of the three accused who had escaped from the district and sessions court on June 1 after he was pronounced guilty in the murder of fast food stall vendor Harshal Thike in 2010 surrendered before the additional sessions judge O P Jaiswal on Wednesday.Judge Jaiswal took the accused Mitilesh Kamble into custody and sent him to the Yerawada central jail for undergoing life imprisonment.Kamble and two other accused Vijay Dhamdhere and Mayur Malusare were found guilty by the court. But, the trio had escaped even before the quantum of sentenced was announced.Shockingly, only a lone policeman was present in the court when the sentence was pronounced. Judge Jaiswal later handed life imprisonment to the seven men and issued non-bailable warrants for the three who fled. PratikThe other four accused - Pratik Dolas, Mayur Bacchav, Raj Sonawane and Sachin Dolas - were taken into custody and sent to Yerawada central jail. The seven accused, who were on bail, appeared before the judge around 12.30 pm. When the judge pronounced them guilty and ordered them to sit in the dock for the quantum of sentence, three of them fled the courtroom.The Bhosari police had arrested the seven men for Thike's murder at Alandi road in Bhosari on April 26, 2010. The accused had killed Thike with sharp weapons and a stone over an earlier dispute. An eighth accused, Bunty Bhalerao, has been absconding since the incident. The Bombay high court had directed the Pune court to expedite the trial while releasing the accused on bail in June last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "14107972", "title": "Infant's body found buried in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: The police on Wednesday exhumed the body of an infant from a grave in the backyard of a house in Mandai village in Jaisalmer district and sent it for postmortem suspecting it to be a case of infanticide. The sub-divisional magistrate also lodged an FIR against the family members for the alleged 'murder' of the newborn.This is the third suspected case of infanticide in Jaisalmer in the past seven days. In all the three cases, the bodies of the infants were buried in the backyard of the houses.The district administration swung into action after it received a tip off about the death of a newborn girl in suspicious condition on Tuesday. The district administration called Forensic Science laboratory (FSL) to assist them in investigation.When the police recorded statements of the family members, they all gave different versions on the death, which strengthened suspicion of the police and district administration.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said, \"Guddi Kanwari, wife of Been Singh, gave birth to a healthy baby at Mandai village on June 6 and the delivery was normal. The family members said the infant died on June 7 of premature delivery and was buried in the backyard of the house. On contradictory information and for hiding the facts, Fatehgarh SDM Om Prakash , PCPNDT coordinator Renu Bhati, deputy SP (probationary) Sunil Panwar, Dr Anil Mathur, Dr Ashok Meghwal including other officials of police administration were sent and investigation was done again.\"She said that during the enquiry it was found that the family members hid the facts. \"They did not even remember the date of birth of the baby girl, while the midwife said that delivery took place 3-4 days ago but ANM said that delivery took place on June 6,\" she said.Now, SDM lodged FIR against Guddi, her mother-in-law Asan and one more person (dai) Kamroo under IPC 315, 201 and 120B, sources said.Among the three suspected cases of infanticide, two of them were reported on Friday and police are investigating the matter. Both the cases were reported in Tejmalta village. The police said that in one of the two cases of Tejmalta, the entire family disappeared when the police started investigation.EomJaisalmer: The police on Wednesday exhumed body of an infant from a grave in the backyard of a house in Mandai village in Jaisalmer district and sent it for postmortem suspecting it a case of infanticide. Also, sub divisional magistrate lodged FIR against family members suspecting 'murder' of the newborn.This is the third suspected case of infanticide in Jaisalmer in the past seven days. In all the three cases the bodies of the infants were buried in the backyard of the houses.The district administration swung into action after it received a tip off about the death of a newborn girl in suspicious condition on Tuesday. The district administration called Forensic Science laboratory (FSL) to assist them in investigation.When the police recorded statements of the family members, they gave different statements on the death of the newborn girl, which strengthened suspicion of the police and the district administration.District collector Shuchi Tyagi said, \"Guddi Kanwari wife of Been Singh gave birth to a healthy baby at Mandai village on June 6 and delivery was normal. The family members said the infant died on June 7 of premature delivery and was buried at the backyard of the house. On contradictory information and for hiding the facts, Fatehgarh SDM Om Prakash, PCPNDT coordinator Renu Bhati, deputy SP (probationary) Sunil Panwar, Dr Anil Mathur, Dr Ashok Meghwal including other officials of police administration were sent and investigation was done again.\"She said that during the inquiry it was found that the family members hide the facts. \"Even they did not remember the date of birth of the baby girl, while the midwife said that delivery took place 3-4 days ago but ANM said that delivery took place on June 6,\" she said.Now, SDM lodged FIR against Guddi, her mother in law Asan and one more person (dai) Kamroo under IPC 315, 201 and 120B, sources said.Among the three suspected cases of infanticide, two of them were reported on Friday and police are investigating into the matter. Both the cases were reported in Tejmalta village. The police said that one of the two cases of Tejmalta, entire family disappeared when the police started investigation into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14119812", "title": "Race for the post of vice-chancellor of Thiruvalluvar University in Vellore hots up", "text": "CHENNAI: The race for the post of vice-chancellor of Thiruvalluvar University in Vellore hots up with the search committee set to settle on six names of 60 candidates on Thursday. This is the second phase of the selection process, drawn up by the committee.\"The names will be shortlisted based on a review of the SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats) analysis of the university and a vision document to develop it into an institution of excellence submitted by the candidates. We (the committee members) will meet in the city today to pick out a minimum of six and a maximum of 10 names,\" said convener of the search committee and State Planning Commission member (education) E Balaguruswamy.For the first time, in addition to the guidelines laid down by the University Grants Commission, the search committee came up with its own criteria to set a benchmark for vice-chancellors' selection. Professor Balaguruswamy, along with government nominee S P Thiagarajan and syndicate nominee S Venkatraman, identified more than 30 criteria to shortlist candidates for the post. Based on these criteria, the committee prepared a shortlist of 60 names of the 130 candidates who applied for the post. Of the 60 candidates six to 10 members will be shortlisted and called for a personal interview.\"The six to 10 candidates we select from this list are all senior academics, but we do not know how well they can communicate. It is very important for a vice-chancellor to have the right communication skills, so we are planning a personal interview for them,\" professor Balaguruswamy added.Aspersions have often been cast on the methodology used to appoint vice-chancellors, with talks of political appointments surfacing. The search committee hopes to put an end to such speculation by drawing up these steps to becoming a vice-chancellor of a university. The committee members hoped that this exercise would set a benchmark for the selection of VCs to other universities in the state.(ramya.m@timesgroup.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104993", "title": "Presidential poll: Former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee surprised by Mamata backing", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee on Wednesday seems to have taken by surprise after Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee and Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav proposed his name as a possible candidate for the president's post. Ironically, Chatterjee, a 10-time MP, lost an election only once in his life \u2014 to Mamata in 1984 general elections from Jadavpur.Chatterjee is currently in London . He told a television channel, \"It's a great honour to be the first citizen of India, but I never imagined, I never thought of it... No one contacted me. A local (TMC) leader from Bolpur called up today to say my name may come up.\"It's widely believed Mamata named Chatterjee to pander to Bengali sentiments. In Bengal, she would have got flak for queering the pitch for Pranab Mukherjee, who would be the first from the state to occupy the country's top job.Once earlier, in 1996, such sentiments were stoked when former West Bengal Chief Minister Jyoti Basu came up as a possible prime ministerial candidate. Bengalis across political divide had wanted him to become the PM. But, Basu's party, the CPM, did not let it happen. That had dented their popularity hugely in Bengal. Mamata is wary of a similar backlash and named Chatterjee as a compromise candidate.The Congress, in Bengal, too have been playing the \"Bengali card\" while pitching for Mukherjee as a possible president candidate.Not being seen as a \"traitor\" Mamata, said her party leaders, had no option but to name Chatterjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14118985", "title": "Vadodara police school to get new hostels for inmates", "text": "VADODARA: The police training school (PTS) here is set to get a new set of hostels for its inmates. The move will come as a major respite to the trainees at the school as the existing hostels were built about 40 years back and were not in a good shape.Three new hostel blocks are coming up inside the Vadodara PTS. One of these will be for the women inmates of the school while the other two will be for the male inmates. Construction of the one for the women inmates has already begun while that on the other two is expected to begin soon.According to sources, the decision to make new hostels had been pending for quite some time now. Two hostel blocks referred to as barracks by the officials were in a bad shape. These blocks were also damaged during the earthquake and repair work was conducted on them.It was eventually decided to bring these two blocks down and construct new ones in their place. The Gujarat State Police Housing corporation is now handling the work on the hostels.Sources said that while it was suggested that the existing hostel blocks should be vacated, this was not possible as the inmates would have to be provided alternative accommodation. Hence it has been decided to take up one hostel block at a time and keep shifting the inmates to the new block so that the old ones can be demolished.Officials said that the new hostels would be modern and would provide better facilities to inmates. \"Modernization of police training facilities and improving conditions there is a focus area. Like the renovation of police stations and construction of new ones, work is also being conducted on the hostels,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14118743", "title": "House rocked for the 2nd day over Basheer", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state assembly proceedings were disrupted for the second consecutive day on Wednesday with the opposition members demanding the arrest of Muslim League MLA P K Basheer, who is an accused in the Areekode twin murder case.The opposition MLAs stood in the well of the house from morning onwards holding a black banner, which said Basheer should be banned from the assembly, and raised slogans against chief minister Oommen Chandy and speaker G Karthikeyan for not allowing the opposition leader to speak about the Areekode murder issue during question hour.In spite of repeated requests from the speaker to maintain the decorum of the house, the opposition members refused to calm down and said the issue should be taken up during the question hour itself.When the speaker denied permission for this plea, the opposition sat in the well of the house for almost an hour and raised slogans. The house, meanwhile conducted business for one hour, and referred two bills to the subject committee without any discussions, amidst heavy sloganeering. Later, while replying to queries during a post-cabinet press briefing, chief minister Oommen Chandy said it was the duty of everyone to facilitate the functioning of the assembly.Chandy said the speaker was giving all due respect to the opposition even while trying to dissolve the crisis. \"But, here some people are purposefully trying to stall the assembly proceedings,\" he said.According to Chandy, the government is of the view that all allegations regarding the Areekode twin murder need to be probed. \"That is why the police named Basheer in the FIR,\" he said.Chandy said whether it is K K Jayachandran (CPM MLA) or Basheer (ML -MLA), the stand of the government is that those who are innocent won't have to suffer. But, those who got involved in the crime and those who try to divert the inquiry won't be spared, he said.The CM also alleged that the effort of the opposition to frame a UDF (United Democratic Front) MLA was done with an intention to make some additional gain in the Rajya Sabha election. \"Fielding a candidate for a seat which is not winnable is not a practice followed by political parties in Kerala. Now, the LDF(Left Democratic Front) is fielding a second candidate and fighting us,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14122496", "title": "Cops arrest fake IPS trainee who cheated women on matrimonial sites", "text": "CHENNAI: The central crime branch police on Thursday arrested a 22-year-old man who posed as an IPS trainee officer and cheated several women who he acquainted through a matrimonial site. The man from Villupuram, who took several names such as Chakravarthy, Tamilselvan and Vidyuth, cheated 16 women, police said. Finally he was arrested on the complaint of Nithya (29) of Saidapet, one of the women who were cheated.Claiming himself as an trainee IPS officer, he approached Nithya, who had posted her profile on the matrimonial site, with a marriage proposal. After finalising the wedding, he asked the woman to financially help him to complete his training and took 10 sovereigns of gold and Rs 10,000 from her. He then went into hiding.Based on the complaint of M Nithya (29) of Saidapet, CCB police registered a case and launched a search for the man.Central crime branch police are hunting for the man who they believe was earlier arrested by the Madurai crime branch police in connection with a similar offence. He was then remanded in judicial custody at the Madurai central prison.He had cheated 16 girls in a similar manner conniving with his relative Perumal.Police said he had created several fake IDs and posted his profile on matrimonial sites. He used a number of SIM cards to talk to different women. Police said he might have also misused the credit cards of women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14121754", "title": "Kozhikode proudly recalls hosting Mehdi Hassan's last concert in India", "text": "Kozhikode: Soulful was his singing that fondled thousands of gazal lovers across India crossing one of the most sensitive line-of-controls in the world. Similar was the experience of the Gazal aficionados of Kozhikode, who had the opportunity to cherish to the heavenly voice of Mehdi Hassan in 2000.His captivating voice and romantic rendition was an exciting experience to hundreds of gazal aficionados in Kozhikode, when the 73-year-old Mehdi Hassan bewitched the audience during his last but ever remembering concert in India, recalls former Rajya Sabha MP P V Abdul Wahab who brought the legendary singer to Kozhikode.\"It was another musical legend, Mannade, who asked me to take the most admired gazal singer to Kottakkal Aryavaidya Sala for treating his knees,\" recalls Wahab reminiscing that it was on the day of his trip back from Malabar that he performed for music lovers of Kozhikode without charging any sum. Even while aggrieving the demise of the legend I thank god for giving me an opportunity to bring him to Kozhikode and to witness his live performance, he adds.The versatile Pakistani singer had enthralled the aficionados in Kozhikode, who had gathered at Tagore Centenary Hall even with his magical fingers which accompanied even his 10 minute-long introductory speech on the harmonium, recalls Dr. Meharoof Raj, a music lover who considers it a blessing to cherish the live performance by the eternal singer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107464", "title": "MLA attack: Cops probe Haryana leader\u2019s role", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police probing the assassination bid on MLA Bharat Singh are suspecting the role of a Haryana politician in it. They say that political enmity of long standing could be at the root of it.The politician, a source said, may have supplied weapons to Udaiveer Shokeen, the main accused. If that is so, there is sufficient ground to believe that he and not Shokeen was the real mastermind.It added that the attack seems like an attempt to take over the extortion syndicate in Haryana which has its operations in outer and southwest Delhi, too. Singh's brother \u2014 Kishen Pehelwan \u2014 has already claimed his brother was a victim of politics and has called for a CBI probe into the incident.A senior officer, on condition of anonymity, said it seems that the kingpin of the attack was someone else who 'exploited' all those having any kind of grudge against the Pehelwan family.\"Whether it be Vikas Dagar who apparently wanted to get rid of Bharat Singh or Udaiveer who thought the Pehelwan family was behind his father's and brother's killings \u2014 all seems to have been remote controlled. However, anything conclusive can be said only after evidence against them is collected,\" he said.\"Keeping in mind the huge amount of money involved in 'training and execution' of the attack \u2014 pegged to around 25 lakhs of which Vikas alone was paid 5 lakhs \u2014 it doesn't seem to be the handiwork of individuals gathering on their own but a clear cut case of a 'big man' bringing them all together,\" the source added.Meanwhile, Delhi police commissioner B K Gupta has asked the special cell and crime branch to nab the 10 top gangsters operating from Haryana, Delhi and Uttarakhand and attempting to extort money from businessmen owning factories in industrial areas.Sources claimed that with Haryana police has also been asked to go after gangs by the home ministry, most of these gangs have chosen Uttarakhand and Himachal Pradesh \u2014 Hardwar, Manali and Hrishikesh \u2014 to carry out operations. Sources also said that there is a plan to open a new unit either in Najafgarh or Narela which will investigate extortion calls of above Rs 1 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109231", "title": "Garbage heaps rise as waste plan trashed", "text": "MUMBAI: The civic standing committee has once again rejected the proposal to rent compactors to collect the city's waste, though monsoon are near. This is likely to result in garbage not getting cleared.The Rs 970-crore proposal was earlier rejected twice. The previous contract ended on May 31, 2012. The proposal dealt with renting 383 compactors, 264 small compactors, 175 small closed vehicles, 32 watch and ward vehicles to carry solid waste for five years.The panel has asked for a master plan for garbage management which is expected to be submitted in a month. feel that renting compactors is not the solution to the garbage problem in the city.However, the municipal commissioner-through his special powers-has allocated Rs 50 lakh until the time that the standing committee clears the proposal. But areas such as Mulund and Ghatkopar have already started facing a major problem. Due to fewer compactors, all the garbage can't be collected. tnn\"If the situation persists, the entire city is likely to get affected by the end of the month. The situation will get worse once the rains start,\" said a civic official.Standing committee chairman Rahul Shewale said, a change is needed in the waste management system. \"There are too many schemes such as Hyderabad pattern, Dattak Vasti Yojana (DVY) etc are currently involved in it and nothing seems to work properly. We need a new comprehensive plan ready for city's waste management.\"Samajwadi Party corporator Rais Sheikh said: \"Administration will have to bring the new proposal in next meeting. Till then, we are using our partymen to clear garbage in the wards,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14121355", "title": "Rohtak shelter home case: Probe panel recommends trial by special court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A panel appointed by the Punjab and Haryana high court has recommended for setting up a special court for the expeditious trial of all the seven accused arrested for sexual exploitation of children inside Rohtak based shelter home 'Apna Ghar'.In its 28-page report submitted before the HC, panel has asked the court to appoint a special judge as well as special public prosecutors for the speedy trial of the accused.Panel has also recommended for monitoring of all the shelter homes in the state through state legal services authority so that the exploitation of children inside these homes can be curbed.On May 9 following tip off by three girls who had escaped from Apna Ghar and reached Delhi, the NCPCR team had raided the shelter home and found sexual exploitation of inmates in the hands of its caretaker Jaswanti and others.During questioning, the girl inmates had revealed to the commission team that the homeowner Jaswanti and her accomplices used to sexually abuse them and forced them to work as farm and construction labourers. \"On slightest protest, Jaswanti used to brutally torture them and also hanged them upside down on a ceiling fan and even forced the girl to parade naked and locked them in a room without food for days\", the girls have alleged while talking to the NCPCR members.During investigation, the police got the details of 41 inmates including 12 newborn babies who had gone missing from the shelter home in three years. Seven persons including Jaswanti, her brother Jaswant, daughter Simmi, cousin sister Sheila, son in law Jai Bhagwan, driver Satish and Veena, a counselor are in jail who had been booked under various sections of IPC, Labour Bondage Act and Immoral Trafficking Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108464", "title": "Maharashtra tribal development minister provides overview of progress", "text": "NASHIK: The development achieved through 20 different welfare schemes of the tribal development department in the last ten years would be evaluated by Yashada, tribal development minister Baban Pachpute said at a meeting in Nashik.The minister said that 20,000 tribals had been allotted titles of 6.15 lakh acres of land under the Forest Rights Act. The government had given a package of Rs 50 crore for tribal land development and this would be distributed at the ratio of Rs 25 lakh per village. The funds would be utilized for land levelling to make it ready for farming and well-digging therby enhancing water availability.On the issue of education, Pachpute pointed out that from a former total count of 8 lakh students the number of students had risen to 18 lakh. \"To ensure that teachers and their respective schools' staff does its task promptly, a bio-metric attendance system will be installed in every school and office by August 1 . The student grant of Rs 600 will be revised to Rs 900 per month for students attending school. Bicycles will also be distributedto every student above class VII,\" the minister said.He added that the process of giving meals to students would now involve self- help groups who would cook and distribute food. He said that the department was focusing on naxalite areas by starting a kindergartedn to post graduate education complex for locals in addition to plans for ten new Eklavya schools to teach tribal students English. Pachpute said work on sports complex at Igatpuri and Nandurbar would begin soon and was expected to cost Rs 5 crores to Rs 15 crores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14107803", "title": "Flash strike by contract employees cripple services at SMS hosp", "text": "JAIPUR: Healthcare services at the SMS Hospital were paralysed for two hours on Wednesday morning when the contract employees of the hospital went on a flash strike for non-payment of salaries.Around 5,000 patients coming to the hospital's outdoor patient department (OPD) from different parts of the state suffered due to the strike.The strike continued for two hours and it was called off when the hospital administration assured the employees that their salaries would be released soon.The hospital administration also served notice to contractor Lekh Raj asking him to explain why his contract should not be terminated in view of the non-release of the contract employees salaries. Hospital superintendent Dr L C Sharma said, \"We have sent a notice to the contractor for delay in payments of the employees which led to healthcare services breakdown in the hospital.\"There are around 170 contract employees who operate computers at various departments, including OPD, blood bank, emergency, indoor patients' admission to the hospital and central lab. The work at these services remained affected due to the strike.\"We have not received salaries for May. So, we met the hospital superintendent on the issue,\" A contract employee, Pankaj Bhatia, said.Patients standing on long queues at the registration counter at OPD had to wait for long as there was no contract employee to give registration cards to them.The hospital administration, however, made alternative arrangement for the patients and gave non-computerized OPD cards to the patients without registration numbers.A pharmacist at the free drug counter said, \"We have to distribute free medicines to the patients even though there was no registration number on the cards so that the patients do not suffer.\"The situation returned to normal after two hours when the contract employees resumed duty after the hospital administration's assurance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118525", "title": "City college eyes UK accreditation", "text": "SURAT: City's only architecture college is expected to get the most prestigious Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA) accreditation, if things move as planned by the institute. The architectural institute of Sarvajanik College of Engineering and Technology (SCET)has applied for the accreditation which empowers its students to become eligible to work professionally in any part of the world without appearing in local eligibility test of the country.Like other professionals, a qualified architect is supposed to clear the local examination of the country in which he wants to practice. \"But, with RIBA accreditation our students will get permission to work without appearing in the country specific qualifying exam. It gives an upper hand to our students,\" said Percy Engineer, principal of the institute.The institute is awaiting an inspection scheduled within four months and the process is likely to take around a year's time. The institute has already started preparation for the accreditation by introducing modern concepts. SCET architecture college will become third institute in the country to receive the accreditation. Currently, Kamla Raheja Institute and Rizwi College, both from Mumbai have RIBA accreditation.\"Considering our preparation, we are confident of getting the accreditation. We have developed the infrastructure that meets international standards,\" added Engineer.Apart from architectural faculties, the institute has faculties from sociology, fine arts, landscape and pure architecture. \"We are the only college that has such faculty line which impressed the Council of Architecture recently (CoA),\" added Engineer.The institute was given accreditation for consecutive five years by CoA.\"The council also appreciated the senior faculty line up, consolation work done by faculty and student's involvement in it. We involve students in live projects for better exposure which is one of the strongest points,\" said Engineer.The college started in 1995 and currently has an intake of 80 students. With the accreditation, the college will not require permission every year to fill the 80 seats. The institute also got affiliation from Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU). The institute also runs specialisation courses in Masters of Architect City Design and will be starting M Arch in conservation, landscape and pure architecture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14104415", "title": "Don't cheat, time on your side, says BCCI", "text": "BANGALORE: You name the sport and you have a problem with age groups. With stakes being high these days, cricket attracts more cheats than the rest, with many parents, schools and the kids themselves trying to fudge ages to play age-group cricket for a longer period. Riches in terms of possible career earnings, seats in professional colleges bring out the desperation to play at some level, which in many cases leads to misrepresenting one's age.To tackle the problem, the Board or Control for Cricket in India has sought to bring in changes to existing rules.At the BCCI's working committee meeting in Chennai last month, it was decided that the Board would implement a standard procedure for age verification. The committee decided on May 12 that it would adopt the Tanner-Whitehouse3 (TW3) method of testing, following a recommendation from its junior committee. This, incidentally, is the method used by the Asian Cricket Council as well. Though BCCI has been conducting bone tests for a while now, officials are now convinced that the TW3 method of bone tests would serve the purpose better.Accordingly all state associations and other affiliates of the BCCI have been asked to adopt the new method, with the BCCI emphasizing on zeroing in at the entry point. Details on how and where the tests are to be done will be sent out soon.\"Once the age is recorded in our books, there will be no alteration allowed,\" said a BCCI source.In the past, the BCCI would hand out forms to age group players that contained a column to record a change in date of birth, in a way allowing players to change their original records.Now, the testing will be done mostly at the U-14 and U-16 levels with the birth certificate submitted by a player forming prima-facie evidence of his/her age.The TW3 test would be used to corroborate the certificate and where there are contradictions, the age as determined by the tests would prevail.If on the one hand, the BCCI, which conducts a massive junior programme across various age groups, has sought to set right entry-level anomalies, its technical committee which met in Mumbai on Tuesday, has tried to address them in the upper age groups too.Someone like Javagal Srinath , the former India pacer and current secretary of the Karnataka State Cricket Association, a late bloomer himself, has always spoken about how many cricketers are lost to the system once they cross the U-19 and U-22 levels, can now rejoice.This will bring back into the fold those that are still capable of making a career out of cricket. Spinners, especially, who are said to mature later than the rest, will have more reasons to carry on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14118850", "title": "Vidhu didn't want Vidya Balan for lavani song", "text": "Why was Vidhu Vinod Chopra fine with professional lavani dancers over Vidya Balan for the lavani song, initially?Vidya Balan's lavani number ' Mala Jau De ' from Ferrari Ki Sawari has turned quite popular. But producer Vidhu Vinod Chopra wasn't really keen to have Vidya Balan in this song of his film.One would wonder why, especially because Vidya Balan has been close to the producer and has worked in three of his productions including Parineeta, Lagey Raho Munnabhai and Eklavya . Sharman Joshi reveals the story behind this item number. \"Firstly I would like to say that Vidya Balan's song is not an item number\", interrupts the male lead of Ferrari Ki Sawari . \"It was an integral part of the narrative since start\".The song plays as a part of a wedding celebration in the film. \"In fact initially the makers had finalized professional lavani dancers from Kolhapur and Pune to perform on the song\", says Sharman. \"But during casting of the film, director Rajesh Mapuskar remembered that while working on Lagey Raho Munnabhai , Vidya Balan had casually mentioned how she was smitten by the lavani dance form and would love to perform on it some day\".So Mapuskar suggested Vidya's name to Vidhu Vinod Chopra but the producer ruled it out instantly. \"Vidhu was particularly apprehensive to get Vidya Balan for the lavani number for the same reason that people would tag it as an item song. He always wanted the song to be an authentic lavani number and not merely an item song. After much persuasion he relented and I feel Vidya has done a fabulous job in the song\", signs off Sharman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14123447", "title": "Pak SC disqualifies 3 lawmakers for holding dual nationality", "text": "ISLAMABAD: The Supreme Court has suspended the membership of three lawmakers of provincial assemblies for possessing dual nationality days after it took similar action against senior Pakistan People's Party leaders Rehman Malik and Farahnaz Ispahani.A three-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry, which is hearing a petition seeking the disqualification of lawmakers with dual nationality, yesterday suspended the membership of legislators Amna Buttar and Muhammad Akhlaq, both members of the Punjab Assembly, and Ahmed Ali Shah, a member of the Sindh Assembly.\"Prima facie we are satisfied that they are not qualified to hold the membership of provincial assemblies. Therefore their status as member of provincial assemblies of Punjab and Sindh is hereby suspended,\" the apex court said in an order.On June 4, the Supreme Court suspended Rehman Malik's membership of the Senate or upper house of parliament on the ground that he had failed to provide proof of renouncing his British citizenship.At the time, Malik was the Interior Minister. Following the action by the court, he was appointed an advisor to the premier on interior affairs so that he could continue heading the Interior Ministry.The apex court has asked Malik to prove that he was not a British citizen when he contested polls to the Senate in 2009.Earlier, the Supreme Court had suspended the membership of parliament of Farahnaz Ispahani, the media advisor to President Asif Ali Zardari, for holding US citizenship.However, the apex court yesterday had to drop proceedings against several members of parliament and provincial assemblies since no evidence could be produced against them.These lawmakers include PML-N leader Khwaja Asif, Finance Minister Abdul Hafeez Sheikh and Deputy Chairman of the Senate Sabir Ali Baloch.The lawmakers took serious exception to allegations levelled against them by lawyer Waheed Anjum, who had filed an application in the apex court.Anjum apologised on five occasions during yesterday's proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14118516", "title": "Hyderabad for kids: From the all rounder diaries...", "text": "HYDERABAD: Yashika Priyan, a class X student from the city starts from home to go to school at 7.30 am, attends classes and interacts with her many friends and teachers. After school ends at 3.15 pm, she goes home, catches up on her lessons, attends painting class, watches her favourite TV shows and spends some time with friends and family. She doesn't spend a gruelling eight hours in a class room, slogging away with her text books the entire day. She doesn't rush to tuition or a coaching institute after she gets home tired from the daily activities in school. Those who firmly believe that a strict daily regime of studying, studying and more studying is the key to an impressive percentage in examinations (there are quite a few in this state) would think Yashika's routine would result in an average percentage at best. But Yashika manages to score above 85 per cent in her exams.The 'all rounder' child, though believed to be on the verge of extinction by some is actually not that rare to find. Parents, teachers and counsellors stress on the importance of maintaining a healthy balance between academics and other activities to ensure that the child grows up to be have a well-rounded personality , capable of flowing in harmony with the bittersweet symphony that life offers. \"I participate in debates, dance performances and also play basketball, kho-kho and throwball in school. My parents encourage me a lot. I am in calls X now but the board exam is not going to affect my daily schedule or my involvement in activities in any way. I haven't even decided what subjects I am going to opt for after class X, for now I just want to enjoy my days in school,\" says Yashika. With the right mix of support from teachers and parents and the child's interest, the seemingly herculean task of ensuring that one's child grows up to be an all rounder becomes far more simplified.Another such student is A Manish who studies in class IX and is an active participant in sports events and consistently scores over 85 per cent. \"I am the captain of the junior football team in school and also an athlete. I practice in the morning and study in the evening after school. After that I read comic books as I am a big fan and catch up on the latest movies with my friends. Even when I am in class X, I will not stop going to sports practice or reading comics and watching movies . I will focus on studies without compromising on the remaining activities,\" said Manish.Emphasising on how participation in extra-curricular activities has a positive effect on a child's growth, Vimala Menon, a teacher in St Ann's High School Bolarum said, \"I myself have seen that students who are involved with other events apart from their studies can handle sticky situations better. The moment something doesn't work out for them, they can immediately divert their energies into other channels and make things work. They have better adaptability.\" She further added, \"Most students who scored around 80 % and made their presence felt on the cultural and sports fronts are now doing far better than those who scored 95 % and concentrated only on academics.\"Proving her right are people like Ashrita Vemuganti, one such 'all rounder' student who is now doing well in her field. \"I was fortunate enough to be awarded the 'Best all rounder' prize in school and in college as well. From class I, I took a very keen interest in dance events and started learning Bharatnatyam at a very young age. In high school, I was exposed to literary events and the experience of participating in elocutions, writing essays, speaking in debates and delivering extempore speeches fascinated me. These activities actually helped me focus even more on my academics as whatever little time I allotted to studying, I made sure I spent it efficiently . I always scored above 80 per cent.\" She further said that there were times when she had dance programmes on the evening before her exam and strangely, she always did better in those exams than the others. Ashrita recently completed her Masters in Bharatnatyam from the University of Madras and has now set course to achieve the next goals on her list, getting a doctorate in dance and collaborating with foreign artistes to propagate Indian performing arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14108531", "title": "Amber, Chittorgarh forts seek world heritage status", "text": "JAIPUR: The state has submitted a list of forts for approval by the World Heritage Committee as UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The forts that have made it to the list include those at Amber, Ranthambore, Gagron, Chittorgarh and Kumbhalgarh.According to Bina Kak, minister tourism, art and culture, the final decision for approval of these sites will be taken in the world heritage session at Saint Petersburg in a meeting between June 24 and July 7. These nominations will be discussed by the advisory bodies and the World Heritage Committee during the session.\"These forts will be discussed at the World Heritage Committee session. In fact it was heartening to know that the world heritage nomination evaluation committee wanted to inscribe the names of more forts from Rajasthan besides the five already nominated,\" she said.Kak pointed out that the evaluation clearly accepts the outstanding universal value of Rajput military architecture and encourages the state to nominate more such forts.\"Names of some more forts from Rajasthan, like the one in Jaisalmer, will also be submitted to the evaluation committee for consideration as world heritage sites. However, sometimes there is a gap in the evaluation process and contextual understanding of world heritage in specific regions. These issues will be addressed in the forthcoming World Heritage Committee meeting,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110228", "title": "UP government proposes six power projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has proposed to set up six new power projects to increase the power availability at 21,670 million units in the 12{+t}{+h} Five Year plan Between 2012 and 2017. This was announced by PWD minister Shivpal Yadav, while presenting departmental grants for the power sector in the assembly on behalf of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who also holds the power portfolio.The new proposed power projects are: Upgradation of Paricha thermal power plant by 500 MW, Harduaganj thermal power plant and Panki thermal power plant by 250 MW each. The other units which would be upgraded include Anpara-D thermal power plant of 1,000 MW, Harduaganj thermal power plant (stage II) of 660 MW and Obra C thermal power plant of 1320 MW.Amidst the hue and cry raised in the House by members over the power shortage, the minister said that the prevailing situation was due to the mess created by the previous government, which did not pay any attention to improve the power supply situation in the state. He said all that was added to the kitty of power availability was due to the power projects conceived by the SP government during its previous tenure between 2003 and 2007.However, notwithstanding this, the members complained that most parts of the state, particularly the rural areas are reeling under severe power cuts and the power availability was there only for four to six hours. In the face of this, the minister said the power supply situation would take some more time to improve, as the power project setting up is a cumbersome and time-taking process. He said the government had accorded top priority to improve power supply by way of stepping up the pending recovery, improving transmission lines and checking the theft.Urging the members to give their whole-hearted cooperation in improving the power supply situation, Yadav said, \"Vidhayak should remain only a vidhayak and should not work as an agent for contractors as was the case in the previous government.\"Announcing a slew of measures, Yadav said the government had sanctioned Rs 1,500 crore for making separate feeder for rural areas in Eastern UP; Rs 1,451.89 crore for making power distribution system most modern in six major towns like Lucknow, Moradabad, Saharanpur, Aligarh, Firozabad and Jhansi; Rs 1,831 crore for checking theft in 168 towns; Rs 221.67 crore for waiving the power dues of handloom and powerloom weavers and Rs 800 crore for strengthening the power transmission network.As for the government's decision to extend the terms of MoUs signed by previous government, he said this was done to encourage private sector and dispel doubts of any misgivings in the minds of investors and industries.Elaborating further, he said as a measure to increase power availability the government had decided to set up 1,320 MW power project with the NTPC; 1,980 MW at Ghatampur with Neyvelli Lignite; 1,320 MW of Meja (stage II) with the NTPC and 6,600 MW of Bara, Karchana, Jawaharpur and Dopaha in joint sector. Besides this, 10 projects of 10,790 MW are proposed to be set up though MoU route in private sector and Rs 425 lakh small hydro projects on Khara river. In order to improve transmission system; Rs 4,000 crore project is proposed to be put in action to set up four new sub-stations of 220 KV and 20 new sub-station of 132 KV.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123635", "title": "Gujarati rock song; a viral hit", "text": "It is not just Bollywood music taking inspiration from the Western genres of rock and rap amongst others. Gujarati movies are also banking on these genres and introducing its audiences to new forms of music.The latest Gujarati release, Kevi Rite Jaish, directed by debutant director Abhishek Jain, is one of the classic examples of the trend. The movie revolves around a Gujarati family and their continuous efforts to migrate to the United States . But what has caught people's attention is the movie's track which is the first rock song in any Gujarati movie and has already become a viral hit.Composed by music composer Vishvesh Parmar, the rock song Pankhida sees singer Suraj Jagan singing his first ever Gujarati song. The song already has over one lakh downloads after it was uploaded on the movie website. Vishvesh says, \"People play English and Bollywood film songs in their mobile phones but never a Gujarati song. So I thought of giving it a completely new dimension and compose such a song that everyone can enjoy.\"With Gujaratis opening up to newer genres, we are all ears to hear something fresh and rocking!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108744", "title": "Boy shows cops how he killed woman for gold", "text": "CHENNAI: A Class 9 student detained by investigators on Wednesday for the murder of a 69-year-old woman showed no remorse as he enacted the crime for the police on Thursday.An investigating officer said 13-year-old Mahesh (name changed), who killed J Rajammal so he could steal her gold jewellery and buy a video game console, was \"calm and cool\" as he recounted the murder.\"He was very cool as he narrated how he killed the elderly woman,\" Sriperumbudur police inspector M Ramamurthy told TOI. \"The boy said he and his aunt B Saritha, 28, strangled Rajammal on Sunday. When they discovered that she was still alive, the boy took a grinding stone and hit her on her head just above the ear. Rajammal collapsed and died.\"Police on Wednesday took Mahesh into custody and detained Saritha and her husband Baskar, 31, for helping him commit the murder and destroy the evidence. After taking the 5 sovereigns of gold jewellery that Rajammal was wearing, Mahesh and Baskar put her body in a gunny bag and dumped it in Sengadu village near Sriperumbudur after setting it ablaze on Sunday night.\"The boy is a tough nut to crack. He appears to have no feelings or guilt about the heinous crime he committed,\" an investigating officer said.\"As Rajammal's body was charred except for a portion of her face, it was not easy to identity her,\" he added. \"Once we confirmed her identity, we narrowed down on the culprits in no time.\"Investigators said Mahesh had confessed to the murder, saying he wanted money to buy video gaming device. \"Saritha and Baskar, who also confessed to the crime, said they needed some money to settle debts and to buy some home appliances,\" the officer said.He said Mahesh, who lives in Ambattur, was staying in Saritha's house in Eakaadu village in Tiruvallur district for the summer holidays. Mahesh asked Saritha to buy him a video gaming device that cost 8,000, but she said she did not have the money. They hatched a plot to kill Saritha's elderly neighbour and steal her gold jewellery.Mahesh was produced before the Juvenile Justice Board in Chennai and has been sent to a home for juveniles in conflict with the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14119283", "title": "Management teacher undergoes sex change", "text": "VADODARA: A core faculty member at a prominent management institute in Kutch has successfully undergone a sex change surgery.Suresh Lalwani, who has been teaching finance and general management at Tolani Institute of Management Studies in Adipur since six years, has been rechristened as Shreya Ramchand Lalwani after the sex reassignment surgery (SRS).Shreya today even avoids giving her earlier name. \"I don't like it. It never gave me an identity,\" she says. She is now growing her hair, wears a saree and fancy sandals like any other girl. And like a typical lady, she feels uncomfortable answering personal questions. But she wants to hide little about her identity and insists that her name be mentioned with that of her father.Even as a six-year-old child symptoms of Shreya being different from other boys started emerging. \"I used to play with female friends and took up roles of girls. I tried behaving like a male, but was never comfortable and it never came from inside,\" Shreya says. \"It was evident that I was a fertile male with a female psyche,\" she said.Shreya, who holds three post-graduate degrees and has also undergone a faculty development programme at IIM, Ahmedabad, said that she was told by psychiatrists about her gender identity crisis and eventually decided to go in for SRS. She underwent intense counseling by psychiatrists for a year from April 2010. From around April 2011, she was put on hormones. But Shreya has preserved 'her' sperms with a sperm bank in Mumbai that will keep them for 10 years.She was eventually operated on March 16 and is still being given hormones. The Laksya Trust and its founder gay prince Manvendra Singh Gohil supported her during the period. \"I know I can't become a mother. In future, if possible, I can use these for surrogacy. I would be the mother and father of the same child,\" said Shreya, who hails from a well-to-do family.The biggest support to Shreya came from her alma mater and workplace Tolani Vidyamandir Campus (TVC), particularly TVC president Anjana Hazari. \"I tendered by resignation before starting the procedure. Hazari told me that I could take a leave and was even offered financial support,\" Shreya said.Shreya is now pursuing her PhD on 'Gender Diversity at Work Place and Handling Discrimination' and plans to go back to teaching.TVC campus director Laxman Daryani said that after Shreya confided to Hazari, the entire campus rallied behind her. \"We met doctors and ensured that the procedure is safe. Her parents were reluctant, but we worked with them too. She was a brilliant student of this campus and is a good teacher who will always get support,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14122897", "title": "He will get his doctorate, but will never be able to meet Mehdi Hassan", "text": "JAIPUR: The demise of legendary singer Mehdi Hassan is a loss not only for millions of ghazal lovers across the globe, but to one Deepesh Kumar, pursuing his PhD on the singer from Kota university. Despite the fact that he had applied for VISA for Pakistan at least four times to meet the singer, he was always denied a VISA. Though, the youngster would get his doctorate degree but his wish remain unfulfilled.A day after the death Upset with the death of the singer, Deepesh, who working under Dr. Roshan Bharti, nephew of Mehdi Hassan, said, \"\"I had interviewed everyone including Tarik Khan (tabla player) Peer Baksh (tabla player) who had performed along with Mehadi saab but could not meet him.\"\"However, the only saving grave for Deepesh was that he was in direct touch with the family and was talking to Mehdi's son Kamran on a daily basis.\"I was talking to them over phone, almost on every basis. After getting registration for PHD in 2007 I have been trying a visit to Pakistan. But I was always denied a VISA. However, in the month of January, 2012 when the government of Rajasthan asked his family(Mehadi Hassan's) to visit Rajasthan, it was my only ray of hope,\" Deepesh said.\"PHD to poori ho jayegi par Mehadi saab se nahin mil saka, phone pe hi baat hue(I will complete my PHD, but could not meet Mehadi Hassan as I was merely talking to him over phone),\" Deepesh said in a regret.With the help of family, friends and celebrities including Lata Mangeshkar and Dilip Kumar , the ardent fan of ghazal maestro, Deepesh had complied various memoirs.\"I had met them to find more and more about Mehadi Hassan. Since 2007 I could speak to him at length over phone once,\" he added.He said that during January, 2012 when Hassan was hospitalized and government of Rajasthan had offered a free medication to the singer in the state was a hope for him. \"\"I was praying god for his speedy recovery and thought if he could make it to a visit to Jaipur for his medication, I would had met him. But, now it will never happen to me.\"\"Deepesh is doing his PHD under Dr Roshan Bharti a professor in Music department at Kota University and is also a nephew of Mehadi Hassan.\"Mehadi hassan's father Azim Khan and my father Ustaad Jamal Khan were cousins. Our family settled in Khetri and later in Sriganganagar while his family(Mehadi Hassan's) migrated to Pakistan. He always had an urge to visit his native village Luna which he could merely once in the year 2000,\" Bharti said.Bharti added that famous ghazal singer of India Jagjit Singh had his initial training under his father Ustaad Jamal Khan. \"Mehadi Hassan and Jagjit Singh are synonymous of Ghazal singing. Though they were Pakistani and Indian for many but millions of Ghazal lovers in India and Pakistan always revered them for their magical voice. It is sad to know both of us are not with us,\" Bharti added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110418", "title": "UP gives green signal to balloon ride at 3 locations", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to give an impetus to religious, historical and eco-tourism in Uttar Pradesh, the state's empowered committee on public private partnerships, on Wednesday, approved an issuance of request for qualification document for setting up helium balloon ride facilities at Shlipgram in Agra, Rahi Gulistan Tourist Complex at Fatehpur Sikri and at Sant Ravidas Ghat in Varanasi.The committee, headed by infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Gupta also approved a proposal to restart the sound and light show at Lucknow's Residency.Apart from approving a proposal to develop roadside amenities for tourists, the committee also appointed consultants (consortium of UDeC, IDFC and Innovest) for preparing a detailed project report for setting up the ropeways at each of the three locations.Though the first phase will focus on starting the helium balloon ride facility in Agra, Fatehpur Sikri and Varanasi, the services would eventually, also be extended to Lucknow.As it has done in other PPP projects undertaken by the state government, the project will be developed by the private developer, for which the state will facilitate an estimated 4,000 square metres of land at a capital cost of approximately Rs 6 crore.Apart from appointing the consultant for carrying out the studies, preparing feasibility reports and readying a master plan for the three ropeway projects, the government has also decided to promote religious tourism and provide better transit facilities to pilgrims.In this regard, the private developers will also make ropeways facilities available at the Radharani temple in Barsana, Mathura, Devangana valley in Chitrakoot and Vindhyavaasani Kali Khoh-Ashtabhuja in Mirzapur.The steering committee, on Wednesday, also said private players should be encouraged to create public amenities along the state and national highways frequented by tourists.The committee also called for an expression of interest after specifying the minimum standards of quality assurance for developing and maintaining facilities like hygienic public toilets, clean drinking water and proper signage along the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "14107002", "title": "Himachal Pradesh University tense after 25 injured in clashes", "text": "SHIMLA: Around 25 students were left injured after a clash between Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarathi Parishad (ABVP) and Student Federation of India (SFI) activists turned bloody in the boys' hostels of Himachal Pradesh University on Tuesday night and Wednesday morning.Students resorted to stone pelting in the campus on Tuesday night for nearly four hours and three students were admitted to Indira Gandhi Medical College, including general secretary of Student Central Association (SCA) Hoshiyar Singh, who fractured his arm during lathicharge by police to disburse students. Hostel property was also damaged in several blocks.Five students each of both the outfits were later arrested by police. In the wake of clashes, university authorities have ordered to close the boys' hostels indefinitely from June 14 onwards. The campus has been fortified and three reserve battalions of police, including one female battalion, are on vigil to prevent further violence.The current incidents of violence between the two outfits were sparked by a clash which occurred on Saturday at Rajkiya Kanya Mahavidyalya, popularly known as RKMV, on Monday. Students later again clashed outside the DC office.Clashes between student outfits have become a regular feature in HPU before the initiation of new academic sessions every year. Since the first student representative body was elected in 1977, SFI has had an edge in campus politics. While SFI, the student wing of CPM, is sensitive to maintain its stronghold, the other two dominating parities, ABVP and NSUI, student wings of BJP and Congress respectively, too are desperate to increase their vote share. The outfits have been at loggerheads over petty issues like control over help booths set by for new students, posters, and hostel allotment.Two students were injured during stone-pelting in March this year. In 2011, on May 22 a clash between SFI and NSUI activists left five students injured. Violent clashes in July 2010 left four students injured in a tiff between SFI and ABVP activists with around 60 students, including girls, being arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105103", "title": "Page 225 marks bonus for sports achievers only if they fail", "text": "PUNE: Starting this year, the state government will discontinue the practice of extending an across-the-board 25 marks bonus to the SSC (standard X) students, who excel in international, national and state-level sports events.\"The facility will now be confined to those students, with sporting excellence, who fail in the exam, to enable them to clear it,\" Maharashtra State Education Board chairman Sarjerao Jadhav said on Wednesday.\"Last year, 22,360 students from across the state had benefitted from the state's 25 marks bonus for SSC achievers in sports. This year, the board has so far received 21,171 proposals for sports bonus marks and is expected to receive more in the next one month,\" he added.The issue of bonus marks for sports achievers at the SSC level has always stirred a controversy ever since the policy was renewed in 2007.Prior to 2007, according to the rules, an SSC student who had participated in state, national or international sports event would be awarded bonus marks to the extent of 25 marks. The rule was changed in 2007 and according to the new norms, every SSC student fulfilling the sporting achievement criteria would be awarded 25 grace marks, which would be added to their total percentage. This was challenged in the Bombay high court by some ICSE students.In July, 2010 the department of school education and sports issued fresh guidelines for implementation of the 25 bonus marks to the ICSE as well as other board students, in tune with the Bombay high court's directive seeking the grace mark benefit to be extended to the ICSE students too.Last January, the directorate of sports had proposed a modification in the policy to ensure undue advantage for students. It was noted then that quite a few students scored cent per cent in the board examinations due to 25 bonus marks for excellence in sports. The directorate proposed that students performing at international and national levels will get 25 bonus points, the maximum one can score. Those participating at national tournaments or winning at state level tournaments will get 20 bonus points, while those participating in state tournaments will get 15 bonus points. Those performing at district tournaments will receive 10 bonus marks.However, with the government's latest decision, the number of SSC students deriving benefit from the 25 marks bonus for sports excellence, is expected to come down drastically. As Jadhav said, \"The purpose of such bonus marks will only be to ensure that students, who have failed, are able to clear standard X.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14120522", "title": "Rs 1 cr disappeared from Trisha\u2019s bank account", "text": "The amount of One Crore rupees have been disappeared from film star Trisha's bank account. Her account is with a private bank in Anna Salai, Chennai.The bank officials confirmed this issue but they have not given explanation regarding this issue.Bank has given guarantee that they will catch the persons behind this robbery and will refund the amount if they can't find the convict.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14113080", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to hot up with mini mayors election", "text": "NAGPUR: After a gap of three months since municipal election, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) is all set to hot up again with the announcement of elections of chairpersons in ten zones who are also called as mini mayors. The election will be held between June 18 and 20.The election for chairperson of Laxmi Nagar Zone, Dharampeth, Hanuman Nagar and Dhantoli will be conducted on June 18 followed by Nehru Nagar, Gandhibagh, Satranjipura and Lakadganj on June 19, and Ashinagar and Mangalwari Zones on June 20. The corporators coming under the zone will vote for electing the chairperson. Accordingly, the BJP-led ruling party Nagpur Vikas Aghadi is likely to emerge victorious in seven of total 10 zones. The Congress and the BSP will have to be satisfied with one zone each. The remaining one zone, Hanuman Nagar, is exposed for tie between the BJP and the Congress with equal number of corporators. Here the BSP will be the deciding factor with two votes.During finalization of zone-wise wards, mayor Anil Sole made few changes in the proposal of administration. Thus, BJP left the Congress back in Laxmi Nagar Zone and for a tie in Hanuman Nagar Zone. However, the ruling party's victory in seven zones depends upon the independent and small parties' corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119043", "title": "Hyderabad for kids: The go that killed playgrounds", "text": "That schools can be set up in Andhra Pradesh without even playground is a telling sign of government interest in nurturing all-rounder students. A government order issued by the school education department in July 2008, gave concessions to private schools from having a playground citing high cost of land in cities as the reason.The order was issued in response to a public interest litigation filed in the high court by a private educational institution and a group of minority institutions that had challenged the reason why a playground was a mandatory condition to get government affiliation to a school when many government schools did not have one.The order was applicable not only for the schools that would come up in the city in the future but also to the existing ones operating without play areas. The GO had asked schools to have a \"reasonable/adequate'' indoor play area for games such as table tennis, badminton among others. It also suggested that schools tie up with a nearby municipal ground or park or use the playground of another school to meet their students' recreation needs.Education department officials had then said that the GO was a practical solution to a problem emerging over and over again with playground turning out to be an unfeasible norm for many private institutions to comply with. Earlier the government made it mandatory for all schools in urban areas to earmark 1000 square metres for a play ground and 2000 square metres in rural areas, the order revised these conditions.As per the GO, depending on the student strength of schools, it may earmark area ranging between 500 square metres and 2000 square metres for a primary school and 700 square metres to 2200 square metres for upper primary and secondary schools. However, it gives an option to schools that cannot comply with these conditions offering an indoor sports hall measuring 345 square metres.And after four years it was issued, there has been no change in the rule despite playgrounds being a critical point in the Right to Education Act. District Education Officer, A Subba Reddy, said that as many as 133 of a total 805 government school buildings were operating out of rented premises which predictably did not have playgrounds. The government expenditure on the rent is Rs one crore in Hyderabad district alone. \"Playgrounds are compulsory as per the RTE Act,\" he said, adding that they cannot do anything about it unless instructed by the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14118709", "title": "Infosys gets IT park status in West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: In its bid to woo Infosys Technologies to the state, the Mamata Banerjee government has offered the IT bellwether the status of a software technology park (STP) instead of the SEZ status demanded by it.State IT minister Partha Chatterjee met Infosys' Odisha unit head Niladri Misra on Wednesday and put forward a number of alternative proposals, including taking the STP route. He also offered the company the option of becoming a co-developer in any of the existing SEZs or alternative space in any of these.\"We had a fruitful discussion today. I have given him (Misra) a few proposals to start their unit in the state,\" the minister told TOI after the meeting.The Software Technology Park of India (STPI) scheme, launched in the early nineties, played a significant role in establishing India as an IT superpower but was withdrawn by the government on March 31, 2011. Chatterjee said he had shown the Infosys official a copy of the letter the state government has sent to the Centre seeking extension of the STPI scheme.Partha Chatterjee said, \"Around a month ago, our chief minister had a word with Anand Sharma (Union commerce minister). After that we sent a letter to the Centre seeking extension of the STPI scheme. We are waiting for a response. If we get it, we will route Infosys into our state through STPI..\"The STPI scheme provides IT companies with a host of tax benefits, the industries minister added.\"We are trying hard to retain their investment in the state. Their official listened to us thoroughly. He said they would get back to us after a detailed discussion at the highest level,\" he said.Officials said it wasn't the STPI scheme but sections 10 (a) and (b) - which pertain to income-tax benefits under STPI - that were withdrawn, and the state government wants those benefits to help it woo Infosys. The officials indicated that the state government had no problem with the STPI scheme as, unlike in an SEZ, it follows the state's labour laws and comes under the government of India's information technology department. Under the STPI, employees also have the right to form trade unions, which is not so in case of special economic zones (SEZs).Binod Hampapur, senior vice-president and global head, commercial and corporate relations of Infosys had told TOI in an e-mail response in April that the company had \"put the Kolkata project on hold for the time being\" and would \"review (it) and proceed at an appropriate time\". Earlier, Hampapur had clearly said after a meeting with Chatterjee on February 29 that the project would not be possible without the SEZ status.Infosys, which has taken 50 acres in Rajarhat for Rs 1.5 crore per acre for the project, made full payment last October. However, its project hit a stumbling bloc when the Mamata government refused it SEZ status saying it is 'in-principle' against the policy on special economic zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112331", "title": "World Blood Donor day: Some good men who keep the blood line going", "text": "CHANDIGARH: They are the unsung heroes, the men who save lives and improve the health of others.On World Blood Donor Day, June 14, also the birthday of Karl Landsteiner, the Nobel Prize winner who discovered the ABO blood group system, people who have crossed the 100-mark in blood donation are upbeat, and ready to contribute more towards this nobel cause.They started a long time ago, but their enthusiasm and resolve haven't wavered.Saheb Saran Setia, 68, could not join the army during the '62 war with China, but decided to do something that would help. It was on November 14, 1962, that he donated blood for the first time in Bombay. Today he has reached the 110-time peak.He wants more youth to take up this noble cause. \"Giving is joy, everyone should do something for society. When you save a life this way you become a hero.\"Ashwini K Munjal, a medical technologist, is happy that he has been able to donate blood 117 times. \"I cannot help society with money, but blood donation is a good way to make a difference. I can still vividly remember the first time I donated blood on October 1, 1980, at Karnal.'' To those who avoid donating blood due to some misapprehensions, Munjal says. \"Our blood cells expire within 120 days, so people should donate freely, without fear.\"\"It will be my 80th time this World Blood Donor Day, says Dr Pankaj Kaul, a 52-year-old senior technologist at PGI. In keeping with his vision of helping others, he donated his body to PGI on his 50th birthday.He sees all this as ''work done for the welfare of humanity\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14110308", "title": "Majestic seat of real power", "text": "PATNA: From the contemporary point of view, to see the two-storey Old Secretariat in Patna from various angles and also enjoy its myriad architectural elements that constitute the aura surrounding this massively built imposing structure with mansard roofs (four-cornered fast sloping roofs), at once majestic in form and design and real in terms of being the seat of effective power, one has to only switch off one's mind from the rising skyline of the city.What appears before us is the solid mass of a building __ highest before the emergence of multi-storied buildings __ that incorporates pure European styles of architecture, from the classical through renaissance down to the neo-Gothic period. It defined the implantation of the imperial vision of the British colonial government on the land of a people who, led mainly by zamindars and the new class of assertive lawyers, had taken to demanding a separate province for the vindication of their collective identity in a more articulated way since 1893, and had also got it in 1912.The central section of the Old Secretariat building stands in the form of an arch, with a lush garden before it, while two other allied buildings are also linked with it, forming two separate two-storied blocks, attached to the main central building, and also standing in the form of T at both its ends.However, what strikes any curious viewer first is the elevation of the building (that is barbaric like any Gothic style, since the building seems to just reach for the height where eagles fly, to survey everything below with imperial tenor). It has mansard roofs (named after French architect F Mansart, 1598-1666) with red tiles. There are unornamented \"basket type arches\" picked up from the classical styles on the ground floor.Then, the portico with a mansard roof is supported on columns and other sturdy buttresses and walls. The central lobbies, both on the ground and first floor, also have arches and columns. The brick and cement ceiling encloses empty space below the roof that keeps the first floor rooms and halls cool. Of course, the columns (first incorporated by Egyptians and Greeks, and later imitated in the Renaissance period) seem to be Doric in style. They, however, also stand either alone, or in groups of two and three. The latter grouping became a style, least ornamental, that came to be known as Tuscan, and had originated in the region of Tuscany in central Italy.And, finally, there is the central clock tower that has giant hands on a huge case fixed to the sides of the top room with a mansard roof. Legend has it that when the giant club of the clock used to strike the equally large disc for gong, the sound reverberated through the entire town at a time when its population was a little over one lakh. The population of Patna in 1961 was 5.93 lakh.Later, one of the governors, staying at the nearby Raj Bhavan (Government House of the colonial era) ordered that the decibel of the sound emanating from the clock tower be reduced. From the colonial's point of view, the clock tower was definitely meant to alter the time concept of people who, by general practice, or as per traditional norm, used to measure time not through a watch, but in terms of seasons, or as per the rising and setting or incline of the sun and moon, and even by sighting the Pole Star.The Old Secretariat area is 716 feet long and 346 feet wide. Originally, the clock tower was 198 feet high, but a portion of it fell in the 1934 earthquake and the reduced present height, after reconstruction, is 184 feet.However, Old Secretariat formed an ensemble with Government House, legislative building and the Patna High Court building around which the New Capital Area (NCA) of Patna was envisioned and designed by the chief consulting architect of the government, J Fearis Mummings, partner in Ms Power, Adam and Mummings, Sydney, Australia. A recent Bihar government publication says that Mummings borrowed the design of Old Secretariat building from the Union Buildings of Pretoria, South Africa, built by architect Herbert Baker. It was completed in 1916.However, Baker was a close associate of Sir Edwin Landseer Lutyens, who was the architect for the designing of India's capital, New Delhi, after the country's capital was shifted from the then Calcutta to Delhi in 1911. By a quirk of fate, the recasting of Patna and Delhi in the imperial/colonial mould began almost simultaneously: New Delhi under the eyes of British architect Lutyens and NCA at Patna under the eyes of Mummings. For the NCA, the then Patna DM A L Englis, assisted by deputy collector-cum-land acquisition officer Bhuban Mohan Chatterjee, acquired 1,721 acres of land at the rate of Rs 554.04 per acre, or for a total of around Rs 9.34 lakh.The total project cost of building the Patna NCA, including Old Secretariat, other buildings and roads, was estimated to be Rs 1.62 crore, but when World War I began to loom in 1914, the flow of cost of construction beyond Rs 1.20 crore was stopped, as the remaining money was diverted for war preparations.Hiccups apart, for eastern India, including Bihar, the seat of real power in the popular imagination of people had shifted from Calcutta in the east to New Delhi (or Lutyens Delhi) in the west, and for the people in Bihar, the seat of real power was Secretariat, both in the colonial period, and still remains so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104956", "title": "Presidential poll: Mamata\u2019s Pranab flip-flop no surprise for insiders", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was West Bengal CM and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee who announced finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's name as the Congress's first choice for Rashtrapati Bhavan soon after her meeting with UPA chairperson and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi in New Delhi on Wednesday.And, barely an hour later, the TMC chief along with SP chieftain Mulayam Singh Yadav sprang a big surprise.They announced their three choices \u2014 former president A P J Abdul Kalam, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and former Lok Sabha Speaker and Left leader Somnath Chatterjee \u2014 while overlooking Congress's preference for Mukherjee and vice-president Hamid Ansari. The announcement was a clear negation of Mukherjee, a senior Congress leader from Mamata's home state.Though it took the political circles by surprise that Mamata was opposing a fellow Bengali for the top post, she has been rather consistent in her dislike for Mukherjee throughout the UPA-II rule privately, even if she has maintained civil ties during her tenure as railway minister in the Manmohan Singh government.Though the exact reason behind Mamata's opposition to Mukherjee is not quite clear, there are theories galore and all may have some grain of truth in them.The first theory is about how the TMC chief, who created history by overturning the 34-year-old Left Front regime, was never really appreciated enough by the veteran Congressman and and Mamata took it as a personal affront.Besides, not once has Pranab visited Mamata's office at the Writers' Building since she became the CM last year, including on the day of the swearing-in of the TMC-Congress government in Kolkata last year.In fact, she had sent him an invitation to attend the oath-taking ceremony. This is clearly a case of clash of egos between the two leaders and achievers from Bengal.Mamata is uncomfortable with allowing anyone to tower over her own political stature. If the person belongs to the Congress, the situation is far worse when it comes to ceding the space. Now, her main agenda \u2014 after ousting the Left Front from office in Kolkata \u2014 is to marginalize whatever remains of the Congress in her home state. In that context, allowing Mukherjee to occupy the Rashtrapati Bhavan would be a victory for the Congress.There is also the speculation about how Mukherjee, who is no mass leader in Bengal, has had good relations with the Left party leaders through their 34-year-old uninterrupted rule.With Mamata's known aversion to CPM leaders, she was also suspicious that Mukherjee was never a help in her fight against the Left.Lastly, she wants to decimate the Congress, from which she broke away in the mid-90s to form Trinamool, to turn Bengal a bipolar political canvas in the state divided between the Left and her own party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14106577", "title": "CEO directs power firms to expand transformers' capacity", "text": "NOIDA: Given the acute power crisis prevailing in the city, Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, held a meeting with senior officials of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) on Wednesday and directed them to expand capacities of transformers in the developed sectors to bring respite to residents. The CEO also directed UPPCL to work on a detailed programme towards reducing frequent power outages caused by overloading.With industries falling short of their target outputs due to shortage of power, the Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA) has also written to UPPCL and given it the deadline of June 16 for ensuring adequate power supply. \"If UPPCL fails to ensure equitable distribution to industrial sectors by June 16, we will have no option but to take to the streets in protest,\" said Vipin Malhan, NEA president.The industries' body has alleged that there have been 12-15 hours of power cuts in industrial sectors on a daily basis, thereby leading to rapid decline in production.Among various directions issued by Noida Authority, UPPCL has been directed to expedite work on taking possession of land for the 400/220KV substation in Sector 148, and also work towards finalizing taking over of land meant for the proposed 765KV substation in Greater Noida. The Noida Authority also gave an approval to UPPCL for connecting the 132KV substations in Sector 45 and Bhangel via 'line-in line-out' with the 220KV substation in Sector 129.The Authority has also assured to take up on priority the funding of Rs 130 crore for the 14 proposed 33/11KV substations in various sectors. Engineers of the power department of the Authority have also been directed to liaison with RWAs and representatives of villages to help mitigate power woes, apart from maintaining strict control over switching off streetlights during daytime.Superintending engineer of Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited, CL Gupta, said, \"Regular power distribution to industries has been hampered due to non-availability of electricity from power generating companies. We have been assured that supply would become normal within the next 2-3 days. Distribution to industrial sectors would be normalized as soon as generators begin releasing adequate power.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14118439", "title": "Spirit", "text": "CreditsFilm: SpiritCast : Mohanlal, Kaniha, Sankar RamakrishnanScript and Direction : RanjithMusic : Shahabaz AmanRelease date : Jun 14Genre : Drama/ RomanceBanner : Ashirvad CinemasSynopsis : Did You Know? Ranjith has scripted some of the finest films in Mohanlal's career like Devasuram, Araam Thampuran and Narasimham. But the two were not in good terms for a while, perhaps after the dud called Rock N' Roll . The two are now coming together, after a brief hiatus.Kaniha is usually seen playing 'homely, goody goody' roles. In Spirit, she is divorced from Mohanlal and is married to Sankar Ramakrishnan's character named Alexy.Prakash Raj wanted to do the role of Alexy. But at the last minute, he decided to skip the project, reportedly due to payment issues. Sankar, who is assisting Ranjith and has scripted Urumi , stepped in.Spirit may hint at alcoholism , but Ranjith says it is also about a positive feel.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120487", "title": "Govt evicting people to give land to corporates", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) has alleged that the latest eviction drive in the city was intended to hand over land to private companies by dislodging people who were residing there for several years.Threatening to revive last year's anti-eviction agitation, KMSS general secretary Akhil Gogoi told the media here on Wednesday that the eviction drive at Silsako wetland has displaced many tribals who were residing there for years.Gogoi alleged that the detailed project reports for Silsako, Sarusola and Deepor Beel, prepared by the GMDA, would displace the people from their lands in the name of development and restoration of these wetlands.\"The people who were evicted were tribals. They had been residing there for more than 20 years. By evicting these people, the government is facilitating corporate houses to take over the lands. Already, plots at Silsako wetland have been taken over by a luxury hotel, big corporate buildings and offices. Moreover, a huge area has already been allotted to private parties. On the other hand, there were people who have been residing for more than 20 years and paying land taxes. Now, they have been deprived of land rights,\" alleged Akhil.Akhil said one person has been allotted more than 30 bighas at Silsako. \"The Bahini River, which is an important natural drainage system in the city, is also included in the over 30-bigha plot allotted to the person. The government is handing over all natural resources, including rivers, to private parties in the name of protection of wetlands,\" he alleged.KMSS said people of Milan Nagar of Nutan Borbari in the city had driven out government officials, who went there for an eviction drive on Tuesday. \"Last year, we led a vigorous anti-eviction agitation. This time, too, we will not allow dislodging of locals from their lands,\" fumed Akhil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14124562", "title": "Art meets innovative fashion at this store", "text": "Rashmi Dogra's flagship store, Fluke, was launched recently. The event hosted by Dogra saw a host of celebrities in attendance such as director Farah Khan, actress Neha Dhupia , director Imtiaz Ali, actors Nikhil Dwivedi , Sudhanshu Pandey, Raqesh Vashishth, Delnaz Paul, model Zulfi Syed and Shahwar Ali among others.The guests were seen appreciating the variety of artifacts on display. The products on display are a unique range of hand painted and hand crafted home and fashion accessories. Dogra used her creative mind to turn simple everyday things into special objects de art.In the latest offing from Rashmi Dogra's Fluke Store, treat yourself to a plethora of designs and colours and make your choice from a variety of totes, frame bags and clutches, furniture accent pieces and a newly introduced line of jewellery.The store is the destination for modern design connoisseur; the place where art, innovation and design come together as one to serve unique needs of luxury in fashion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104697", "title": "Quota on hold, IITs offer seats under OBC list", "text": "NEW DELHI: The IITs and other centrally-funded educational institutions will now have to put on hold the minorities sub-quota following the Supreme Court order. Students in this category who had already been counseled are likely to lose their choice of course or the IIT.IIT-JEE organizing committee chairman Prof G B Reddy said, \"The minority quota will not be implemented this year but all the students who have been shortlisted will be accommodated in the OBC quota list. The first list for allocation of seats will be released on Thursday.''There are a total of 9,647 seats in different IITs including 4,722 for the general category students. A total 17,464 candidates were shortlisted for counseling this year. Under the proposed sub-quota, 441 seats were reserved for minorities, but only 325 candidates were shortlisted.Former member secretary to the National Commission for Backward Classes P S Krishnan denied that the sub-quota was worked out for religious considerations. He said, \"The sub-quota from the OBC quota is not based on religion. It seeks to reserve seats for those from a religion or caste who are socially and educationally backward as well.\"Krishnan said an indicator of the backwardness within the minority communities was the fact that despite reservation there were not enough deserving candidates who made it to IIT. He referred to the Sachar Committee report that has documented the social and educational backwardness of Muslims in India in extensive details. For instance, while the Muslim population forms 13.4%of the total population, it accounts for only 6.3% of graduates.The counselling for 15 IITs, Institute of Technology-Banaras Hindu University (IT-BHU) and the Indian School of Mines (ISM), Dhanbad was on till June 10 with the first list being announced on Thursday. The counselling website had been opened for the shortlisted candidates from May 18, giving them a chance to opt the courses of their choice. Online counselling ended on June 10.The first round of seat allotment will be intimated online through the counselling website on June 14. Seats not accepted in the first round will be allotted on AIR (All India Ranking) basis. The second round of allotment will be done on June 25. The final round of allotment will be done on July 6. This year a total of 4,79,651 candidates had appeared in both the papers of IIT-JEE, conducted on April 8. Out of the total number of candidates, 24,112 have secured ranks in various categories and 17,462 had been shortlisted for counselling for admission to 9,647 seats in 15 IITs, IT-BHU and ISM-Dhanbad.Defending the sub-quota, officials cited the Mandal Commission which placed backward Hindus to form 43.7% of the population. At that time, the Hindu population was 83.84% of India. So, 43.70% in 83.84% is same as 52 out of 100. Therefore, the commission applied a rule of the thumb and assumed that the percentage of BCs among non-Hindus would also be 52% of the population of minorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112793", "title": "Bombay Police Act makes cops bullies", "text": "MUMBAI: Vasant Dhoble's hockey stick may have become a symbol of the police's self-righteous crusade, but the source of his powers is not the improvised cudgel. The assistant police commissioner, and others like him, draw strength from little-known, but widely-worded, sections of the six-decade-old Bombay Police Act to target citizens for offences that even the police manual describes as petty.The Bombay Police Act allows the police great autonomy to decide what behaviour is \"offensive\", what conduct is \"disorderly\", even what words are \"abusive\". Its Section 110, for instance, permits any policeman, including a constable, to book and arrest a person for \"indecent behaviour in public\" if it occurs in his sight.The Bombay Police Act of 1951 has given cops greater freedom to crack down on even 'petty' offences. Former IPS officer Y P Singh said Section 110 has become a magic mantra for many in the force. It is often used these days to haul up patrons of Mumbai's nightclubs. The section also gives the police powers to book a person for questioning their action. An instance of this misuse occurred just this week.Two days ago, the police raided a house party in Colaba. \"All party guests were rounded up and the police whipped out breathalysers,\" said a lawyer who was present at the party. \"When a teetotaller tested negative, he questioned the raiding team, only to be fined Rs 1,200 for 'trying to teach the law to the police'.\"Section 110, which allows the police to decide what constitutes indecent dressing or behaviour in public place, offers people little defence. \"It is an arbitrary interpretation that is often freely used to harass citizens rather than curb crime,\" said advocate Pranav Badheka. Singh said the section has been used to book \"bare-chested men\" within \"sighting distance\" of women residing in a parallel building.Legal experts say it is high time lawmakers review the Bombay Police Act, which is replete with provisions that were drawn from the pre-Independence Indian Police Act and are today obsolete. Incidentally, the minister of state for home, Satej Patil, proposed such a review on Wednesday.The relook, if it comes through, will not be an instant too soon. Dhoble, in a recent raid, reportedly used the Bombay Police Act to fine a central Mumbai cafe. The cafe's mistake was that it supposedly violated the law which stipulates that no more than 166 people can be allowed per thousand square feet.Lawyers say few people are aware of the fact that violations under the Act that are meant to ensure law and order in the society are considered low down on the police radar. They fall under part 6 in the classification of offences.\"Part one to five are major offences under the Indian Penal Code. But the police love to rely on the Bombay Police Act as it involves lesser paper work, and no registration of a First Information Report,\" said Singh. \"A mere report to the magistrate suffices. Also, the offences do not raise the city crime graph, especially if it is against women.\"Registering offences of obscenity or cheating under the IPC involves stricter tests and procedures. \"Often, people who are booked under the Bombay Police Act do not resist and are keen to get out of the police rigmarole by shelling out the fine, although they can challenge the police action,\" said Badheka.Advocate Shrikant Bhat said, \"To allow an officer to judge decency on the spot is to surrender one's Constitutional and personal freedoms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14123442", "title": "Residents, leaders of south Vadodara threaten agitation over civic woes", "text": "VADODARA: The residents and councillors of the southern areas of the city have threatened to conduct an agitation over the unhealthy living conditions in the locality. The residents have already made representations over the issue and even went to the municipal commissioner's residence to raise the issue on Monday night.The Alvanaka area of the city, particularly the locality around Kotartalavadi and Alvanaka, has been facing the issue of overflowing drainages. The drainage water is also getting mixed with potable water being supplied by the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC), say elected representatives from the opposition Congress.Congress councillor Divya Mahant from the locality said that she and others have been raising the issue for several months now, but to no avail. She claimed that while the VMC had been assuring to do the needful, nothing concrete had emerged so far.Mahant said that water supply and drainage issues were rampant in parts of Tarsali, Danteshwar and Manjalpur besides Kotartalavadi and Alvanaka. She added that to get clean water, women had to travel for long distances despite staying in a city area. Mahant claimed that the issues were also leading to health problems in the locality.Mahant has threatened that if the issues were not sorted out by June 18, the residents would conduct an agitation. She said that they would sit on a token fast at the civic body on June 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14109076", "title": "CM: Goa given June 30 deadline by SC for HSRP", "text": "PANAJI: Lamenting the opposition to the implementation of high security registration plates (HSRP) from some quarters in Goa, chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Wednesday said that if the state does not implement HSRP by June 30, which is the deadline set by the Supreme Court, then numerous officials of the transport department would be held in contempt of the SC.Speaking to the media during the post-cabinet briefing, Parrikar stressed the fact that the new prices of HSRP are lower by at least one third of the previous prices cited in the earlier agreement, which was cancelled by the earlier Congress government due to irregularities. The earlier agreement with Shinmit Utsch also ignited a widespread agitation in Goa.While stating that he has directed that the earlier HSRP case be handed over to the anti-corruption branch of the Goa police for investigation, Parrikar also said that the new price of the HSRP for a four-wheeler is only about 415, as compared to the earlier price of about 1,250 for four-wheelers.The chief minister said that the Motor Vehicles Act is a central government act and that the SC has upheld the decision to implement HSRP in India several times. The SC is no longer considering the implementation on merits, it has set the deadline for the implementation of HSRP to June 30, Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108771", "title": "After shoddy probe, top cop shifts student death case to CID", "text": "CHENNAI: The case relating to the death of an engineering student, who was found dead inside a toilet in the Velammal Engineering College, has been transferred to the CB-CID for investigation. An order entrusting the case with the CB-CID was passed by the director-general of police, the Madras high court was informed by the government on Wednesday.A second year mechanical engineering student, P Saravanan, was found dead in October 2011. His father, S Ponnurangam, could get a copy of the post-mortem report only in January this year. Alleging indifference on the part of the Ambattur police, and also apprehending extraneous pressure to close the matter as a case of natural death, Ponnurangam moved the high court seeking the transfer of the case to a neutral agency such as the CB-CID.On Monday, Justice Nagamuthu flayed the deputy commissioner of police (Ambattur) and other officials for the shoddy investigation done in the matter, and added that the abysmally low conviction rate in criminal cases was primarily due to poor probe by police.On Wednesday, when the matter again came up for hearing, the government informed the court that the DGP had passed an order on Tuesday transferring the matter to the CB-CID.Justice Nagamuthu, recording the submissions, said: \"Today the government advocate submits that the DGP on June 12 issued orders to transfer the case to the CB-CID, from the file of the inspector of police, Ambattur. The statement is recorded. In view of the above, the petition is dismissed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14122588", "title": "12-year-old crushed under bus", "text": "LUDHIANA: A 12-year-old boy was crushed to death by a private bus on Wednesday morning. The victim, a rag picker from West Bengal , was collecting empty bottles from the bus stand when the incident occurred.In charge of Bus Stand police post Rajesh Thakur said they have sent the body for post mortem to civil hospital and informed the deceased's family. Power cuts: Residents of Guru Vihar, Sunder Nagar, Madhopuri, Basti Jodhewal, Bal Singh Nagar, Kirpal Nagar, Vishnupuri, Shivpuri, Nand Puri, Kali Sarak and adjoining areas will experience a power cut from 9am to 6pm on Friday as feeders under 66 kV sub station, Noorewal, will remain shut for maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14120313", "title": "TOI to hold blood donation camp", "text": "RANCHI: On the occasion of \"World Blood Donor Day\" on Thursday, a number of blood donation camps will be organized in the city. One such camp will be organized by The Times of India in association with Central Bank of India , Kashyap Memorial Eye Hospital, Indian Red Cross Society, Mother Care Hospital, Bokaro, Muskan Hospital and Prudence Eye Care.Another mega camp will be arranged by Nagarmal Modi Sewa Sadan Hospital. On this occasion, general manager of the hospital, Asha Shrestha said, \"I request every individual who is above 18 years to donate blood and save lives. People having rare blood group are requested to come forward and donate blood to help patients during emergency. The blood donated by the volunteers will be used for the needy and underprivileged sections of the society\".\"We all need to put in our best efforts to help those in need. And organizing a blood donation camp is a step taken towards fulfillment of the mission. We will also provide a screening test report, free group card and a certificate for donating blood,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123156", "title": "I don't think I am attractive, says Mila Kunis", "text": "Mila Kunis, the sultry brunette who won a legion of male fans with her raunchy lesbian scene with Natalie Portman in 'Black Swan', has revealed that she does not think of herself as someone who is particularly attractive.The 28-year-old actress reckons that it is her sense of humour rather than her looks that gets her noticed.\"I appreciate the attention but I don't think of myself as particularly attractive at all,\" the Sun quoted Kunis as saying.\"I also don't have that naturally sexual or sensuous way of behaving that some women have.\"I do have a pretty sharp sense of humour, though, and I think that has helped me,\" she said.Kunis was born in Ukraine but moved to Los Angeles with her parents when she was seven-years-old.Neither her father Mark, who works as a taxi driver, nor her mother Elvira, who manages a pharmacy, had any links to the film industry.\"LA is filled with the most beautiful women in the world who all come here to be part of the entertainment industry. It's impossible to compete against that,\" she said.\"Some women rely on their looks to make it and others know that they need to work hard to not just be treated as a pretty object and have a serious career.\"So I've never bought into my own beauty myth and I have always worked hard and believed in myself as an actress in order to get where I am. Nothing was ever given to me and that's the way it is for virtually everyone. You have to fight very hard to make it in this business,\" she added.Kunis bagged another leading role in a major new comedy drama 'Ted' where she is starring alongside Mark Wahlberg , and which is set to release on August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14105606", "title": "Nityananda held, bail plea to be taken up today", "text": "BANGALORE: Controversial godman Swami Paramahamsa Nityananda was arrested on Wednesday after he made an appearance in Ramanagaram court and sought anticipatory bail in connection with the two FIRs filed against him by a mediaperson and activists.Nityananda was whisked away to an unknown destination by policemen in the afternoon. SP Anupam Agarwal told TOI: \"Keeping in view the security aspects, we are taking Nityananda to an undisclosed place and we shall question him.\"Police will produce him in court on Thursday when his bail petition will be taken up.The latest twist in the Nityananda saga happened at 2.30pm when a white colour Skoda car (bearing a Kerala registration, KL -11-AA-9669), with a Ford Endeavour SUV in tow, zoomed into the premises of the Ramanagaram district magistrate court and came to a screeching halt.Before bystanders could realize what was happening, Nityananda, clad in a jerkin made from tiger pelt, jumped out of the car that had black film pasted over its windows and walked into the court with two disciples playing as his escorts. With the godman's lawyers having already filed an anticipatory bail petition in connection with the two FIRs filed against him, it was clear that Nityananda was here to press for a bail for himself. He flashed his trademark smile but he could not hide the fact that he was tired.The news of his sudden appearance spread in no time and a large crowd, including mediapersons, gathered outside the court. Police tried in vain to keep away the crowd from the courtroom.Nityananda went straight into the courtroom of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) Varthur Venakatagiriyappa Pushpavathi and stood before her with folded hands. The judge told him that she would hear the case on Thursday.Agarwal walked into the court and sought permission from the judge to take Nityananda into custody. Nityananda was whisked away by police in a jeep to an undisclosed place.By the time Nityananda emerged from the court premises in the custody of policemen, a large crowd, mostly locals, had gathered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14123913", "title": "Elderly couple trapped in bathroom for three days", "text": "KOTTAYAM: An elderly couple were trapped in their bathroom for three days before managing to open the lock and escape from the damp confinement in an exhausted condition.According to their relatives, 74-year-old Joseph and his 72-year-old wife Eliamma remained inside the bathroom from Saturday to Monday last after some problems in the lock due to which it failed to open from the inside.Joseph was keeping unwell and his wife had accompanied him to the bathroom as he showed signs of nausea.On realising that they got locked up, the couple tried to break open the door using whatever things that came handy, but their efforts proved futile for long.Though they cried out for help, their voice was so feeble that it could not be heard by neighbours.Finally, they managed to break open the door by using a screw driver, which they came across in one corner, and the broom used for cleaning the bathroom.The ordeal through which they had passed came to be known by neighbours only on Tuesday morning and they were immediately taken to a hospital, where their condition was stated to be stable.The couple have two sons, one of them working abroad and another in Hyderabad, relatives said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118794", "title": "Early warning system to alert citizens about floods", "text": "SURAT: Citizens will soon get to know well in advance how much water would gush into their locality or apartments if there is a heavy release from Ukai dam into Tapi during monsoon.The Surat Climate Change Trust and Surat Municipal Corporation are setting up a mechanism to building an identification system to forewarn citizens about the flood situation so that they can take appropriate safety measures. Citizens will get an SMS around 48 hours in advance about the volume of water that would flow into their areas, societies or apartments once this system is in place.The trust has already carried out a successful pilot project in Adajan covering 3,000 houses of the area.After the devastating floods of 2006, when 90% of the city was affected, this new system will also help in providing proper aerial help as the precise location would be properly mapped and charted out for relief workers above the ground.The system will be developed using the Rs 2-crore funding by Rockefeller Foundation .\"We plan to spend some money for early warning system (EWS) which will be operational in another 15 days,\" said Paresh Patel, president of South Gujarat Chamber of Commerce and Industries (SGCCI), which is partnering the project. The meeting of the Climate Change Trust will be held on Tuesday for final approval of funds for these projects.\"Flood level at different places in the city during the 2006 floods are being taken as a benchmark. The data of level of floods at a particular place and amount of water released will be fed into the system. This would give us a precise measure of possible water levels in a particular area depending on the amount of water released from Ukai dam,\" said Kamlesh Yagnik, secretary, Climate Change Trust.The geographical map of the city showing exact location of each building in the city or cluster of buildings is almost ready. In 2006, aid agencies and machinery found it difficult to supply the essential stock of food, water and milk for the trapped citizens. More than 50 per cent supply dropped through air went waste as there was no mapping available. \"This system will help pinpoint areas that need immediate rescue,\" said Jatin Shah, managing trustee of the trust and city engineer.Moreover, hydrological modeling of Tapi basin to predict water accumulation on real-time basis is also being done by the Indian Meteorological department ( IMD), Pune and RIMES (Regional Integrated Early Multi-Hazard Warning Systems).\"This will help us in planning the release of water before the catchment water flows in the Ukai dam and give us 48 to 72 hours of extra time,\" Shah added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104962", "title": "Engineering student held for molestation", "text": "KOLKATA:An engineering student and four others have been arrested for allegedly molesting a middle-aged housewife at Purba Putiary on the southern fringes of the city.The group has a tele-marketing business and they had sold some stuff to the victim, said the cops.The youths denied the charges and said that the woman had not cleared their dues. Thus, they had gone to her house to claim the money.Police, however, arrested five on the basis of the complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14118005", "title": "10 new H1N1 cases reported", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The fever situation in the state continues to be serious with 10 new H1N1 cases being identified on Wednesday. While five new cases were reported from Kozhikode, Malappuram had registered three, and Wayanad and Kannur one each.Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam and Thrissur have been classified as sensitive districts by the crisis management team monitoring the situation.\"The crisis management team has found that more number of cases are being reported from these three districts. The district administrations in these districts have been alerted,\" chief minister Oommen Chandy told reporters after the cabinet meeting.There will be district-level review meetings on Saturday to review the situation, and a special cabinet meeting on Monday will take stock of the situation.The CM said there was no need for panic as the situation was under control. Referring to the visit by a Central team last year, which had alerted about a possible fever outbreak this year, Chandy said that was why the government had taken all precautions much earlier.Chandy also denied the reports that the government was hiding statistics on fever cases for not revealing the actual situation. \"I haven't come across such a complaint. I will see that statistics are provided to the media without fail from today,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110455", "title": "SSC results: Civic schools better score to 64.3%", "text": "MUMBAI: Yogita Sandbhor, a student of Parksite Mahanagarpalika Marathi Medium School, scored 92.18% in the SSC exam results declared yesterday. She is the topper among civic school students who gave the exam.Civic schools had 64.3% success rate in the SSC results declared on Wednesday, marginally up by 0.7% as compared to last year's 63.61%. Out of 9,807 municipality students who sat for the class 10 exam, 6,303 have passed. Mayor Sunil Prabhu lauded the achievement of students who scored high and said that the result showed the quality of municipal schools. The mayor said that virtual classrooms, a system introduce last year, should be introduced in more schools as the results showed the success of the initiative. The BMC officials said there may be changes in the results as they were declared online. The results would be rectified in such a case, officials promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14119312", "title": "Admission process begins under strict police bandobast at MSU", "text": "VADODARA: A routine process of admission had to be held under police bandobast at MS University's biggest faculty - faculty of commerce - on Monday. This is thanks to rivalry between two factions of 'Parivaar', which has turned the campus into a battleground of sorts.Rival BJP-RSS and ABVP factions at MSU had hurled verbal and physical abuses at each other at the faculty of commerce on Saturday when the admission season was in full swing.A teacher Dr Pragnesh Shah, who belongs to BJP-RSS camp, had allegedly assaulted Smit Thakur, an ABVP associated former general secretary of MSU Students Union after heated arguments over the issue of banners being put up at the faculty premises. Shah denied that he had physically assaulted Thakur. On Monday, MSU officials did not take any chance and sought police 'bandobast' to ensure that the admission process continues smoothly at the faculty.On the other hand, student leaders associated with ABVP submitted a memorandum to MSU vice-chancellor professor Yogesh Singh demanding action against Shah. Later, they also staged a 'dharna' at the faculty of commerce. MSU officials have yet not decided the future course of action in the matter even as ABVP has threatened a stir if Singh fails to take any action against Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14121461", "title": "Retiesh Deshmukh ventures into Production", "text": "Since long, the news and speculations of Retiesh turning into a producer has been making rounds. But finally, the comic actor has announced that he has chosen his roots for production. He clearly states that he is turning producer for a Marathi Film and the film will be produced under his banner Mumbai Film Company.However, he also specifies that at the moment he is loaded with offers for acting so he is only going to concentrate on producing a Marathi movie, but later he might venture into producing Bollywood movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14118912", "title": "Bill to reduce exploitation of underground water soon", "text": "RANCHI: Concerned over the depleting groundwater level, the state ground water directorate has prepared a draft of \"groundwater development and management bill\" which will be helpful to prevent exploitation of water below the earth. Director of the groundwater directorate SLS Jageshwar said, \"Preparation of the final draft is on its last step and it will soon be sent to the cabinet for approval. Hopefully it will be implemented in the next two months.\"Once enacted, the act will help regulate and control the usage of groundwater and members of the implementation body will advise the state government about development, management and prospective plans with regards to groundwater preservation. Jageshwar said, \"The implementation body will collect data and related information on groundwater and will identify the rechargeable areas and advise the government about various methods of collecting water like rainwater harvesting and recharge pits.\" The board will also organize awareness and training programmes and will also issue the permit for extraction of ground water.Explaining the reason behind depletion of ground water, Jageshwar said, \"Groundwater is like a bank account. You can withdraw only when you deposit but in Jharkhand we are exploiting much more than what is being stored. The reason behind slow deposit of water in the state according to Jageshwar is the geographical set-up. The average rainfall in Jharkhand is much higher than national average but still there is a shortage of groundwater. The geographical set-up of the state is unlike plains so the time for concentration of water is very less,\" he added.The water table is depleting by two metres every year and there are six over-exploited areas in the state which is a major concern. \"Dhanbad is over exploited by 143%, Kanke by 123%, Godda by 110%, Tatanagar by 108%, Jharia by 106% and Ramgarh by 105%\", said Jageshwar. \"The semi-critical areas are Ormanjhi, Gamhariya, Chaas and Ratu in which the exploitation level is above 70%\", he added.Jageshwar says the situation is graver than it appear on papers. \"The calculation of exploitation level is done block wise that includes both urban and rural areas, but the exploitation of groundwater in urban areas is much higher than rural areas. So if the average of a block is 120%, the exploitation in rural areas will be only 50%, while in urban areas it will be 300%,\" he said.The reason behind high exploitation of groundwater in urban areas is use of deep tube wells which pull a lot of water. Jageshwar said, \"It is high time that people should become sensible and stop exploitation of groundwater and emphasize on storing water by installing recharge pits in every apartment for collection of rain water.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111503", "title": "Raj Nagar slum dwellers wait for rehabilitation!", "text": "NAGPUR: On April 28, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's anti-encroachment squad had razed 'illegal' slums from National Fire College's land in Raj Nagar. Though most of the affected families moved to other places, there are around 45 affected families that are still waiting for the civic body to rehabilitate them.Of these, many dwellers are still living on footpaths, while quite a few are occupying the open space in front of state CID office.Led by NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye, a delegation of slum-dwellers on Wednesday met the slum project director (NMC) J D Jambhulkar and demanded rehabilitation.Gajbhiye ridiculed the NMC's move to help the central government agency to get back their land. The senior corporator, who is also known as the slum lord, said that in the past, the civic body had written to the college informing them that they would be responsible for rehabilitating slum dwellers. \"The civic body removed encroachments without considering its earlier communication to the college,\" Gajbhiye told to Jambhulkar.Ahead of the monsoon, slum dwellers are a worried lot. Haribhau Gawande told TOI that he stayed at Raj Nagar for 25 years. \"Despite having ration cards and voter Ids, slum dwellers were not rehabilitated. Where should they go now ahead of the monsoon,\" asked Gajbhiye.He also pointed out the recent directives of the home department which made it mandatory for the city police to seek approval before razing big slums. Gajbhiye will also meet chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to discuss the issue.Demanding immediate action, Gajbhiye suggested that Jambhulkar could rehabilitate slum dwellers on the PWD land near college. The project director assured that he would send the proposal to the district collector and the PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112300", "title": "Woman writes suicide note, cops don\u2019t act", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Mohali police paid no heed to a woman's complaint on Wednesday when she went to them with a note declaring that her child be adopted and she be given the right to kill herself. Sector 71 resident Rajmeet Kaur approached Mataur police station SHO, alleging that her family members were harassing her.\"It is because of this that I am going to end my life and my family would be responsible for my death,\" read her letter, which also had a stamp by the police. Rajmeet went to the police station along with her infant.SHO Mataur Dharam Pal Singh said they have received the copy of the complaint and are looking into the matter. \"I can't do anything till she takes any step,\" says the SHO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14125400", "title": "Youth arrested for selling whisky in scotch bottles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Vastrapur police arrested one Alkesh Shah for selling whisky in name of scotch. Sale of liquor has been banned in the state. Officials said that the Shah was arrested with a bottle of scotch and when the bottle was opened for examination, they were surprised to see whisky inside the scotch bottle.The youth was arrested for selling liquor as there was a ban on sale and consumption of liquor. During investigation, it was revealed that Shah use to purchase empty scotch bottles from the scrap dealers and later would fill the same bottle with whisky.Shah even had got some labels of scotch companies printed which he use to stick on the bottles. Police officials said that he use to even purchase a bottle of scotch from the scrap dealers by paying high prices.Against his investment of just Rs 410 per bottle, he use to charge about Rs 2000 per bottle. The Vastrapur police have arrested him for illicit liquor trade and will produce him in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14104715", "title": "Warkaris talk about female foeticide", "text": "PUNE: The annual pilgrimage to Pandharpur is spreading a word about the need to save the girl child. Lakhs of warkaris, including a bunch of 50 orphans and a group of IT professionals, spoke about female foeticide and sang bhajans as they made their way into the city on Wednesday afternoon.\"For the last seven years, these orphaned children of farmers who committed suicide have been creating awareness about farmers' problems. But this year they have an additional responsibility to spread awareness about female foeticide,\" said Tryambakrao Gaikwad, one of the trustees of the Aadharthirth Ashram at Triambakeshwar in Nashik.\"Through bhajans and kirtans these young ones have stepped up the fight against female foeticide in their own little way,\" said Ganjendrasinh Jadhavrao, a Supreme Court lawyer and an advisor of Aadharthirth Ashram.Asked what made her join the wari in such scorching heat, six-year-old Rohini Gaikwad said, \"Our aim is to spread the message. Perhaps, saying this in unison gives us energy.\"Besides these children, a group of 138 techies from Pune, Mumbai, Baroda and Bangalore, are also spreading the message. One of their slogans is: \"Mulagi sukhacha kalas; Pandurangachi Tulas\" (Girl child is the highest joy; like a tulsi plant she is God's favourite)\"Rising cases of female foeticide in Beed and surrounding areas made us to take up the campaign at this year's wari. We want people to understand that life without a girl is devoid of meaning and sense of attainment,\" said Rajesh Patil, founder president of Dhee Technologies, an IT infrastructure firm in Pune.Over 4,000 members of five prominent dindis have also joined the campaign.The issue of female foeticide was raised at the Warkaris' five-day kirtan mahotsav at Dombivali recently. \"This is not the first time Warkaris have been asked to create awareness on social issues. Earlier, Warkaris spoke about precautions and medication available for swine flu which turned into an epidemic two years back,\" said Shamsundar Sonnar, president of Warkari Seva Pratisthan, one of the biggest umbrella groups of the movement.The state administration, which has been grappling with the recent spate of illegal abortions in Marathwada region, has also roped in NGOs and self-help groups of Warkaris to spread the 'saving girl child' message.The Ashram houses 350 kids in the age group of 3 to 14 years made orphan after their farmer fathers committed suicides. Most of them belong to Vidarbha and Marathwada regions. \"A total 50 of the 350 kids have joined this year's wari. We have a special bus for them. At prominent points they sing and speak against female foeticide to bring home the importance of a girl child in our life,\" Gaikwad said.\"Bhajans and kirtans on female foeticide menace are being sung at every halt on the way to Pandharpur. From here the message will be picked up by other Warkaris to be spread across rural areas,\" said Shamsundar Sonnar, president of Varkari Seva Pratisthan, one of the biggest umbrella groups of the movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14104859", "title": "Saina Nehwal survives mid-match blues in Indonesia", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal survived mid-match blues as more than half of the Indian squad failed to get past the first round of the Djarum Indonesia Super Series Premier at Jakarta on Wednesday.The Indian ace seemed weary after her Bangkok win as she lost her rhythm before regaining it in the third game against Sayaka Sato of Japan 21-12, 14-21, 21-17 in the women's singles first round encounter.Parupalli Kashyap, India's lone men's singles representative at London Games, Ajay Jayaram and mixed doubles pair of Valiyaveetil Diju and Jwala Gutta made it the second round.While Kashyap registered a hard fought victory against Kevin Cordon of Guatemala 21-19, 19-21, 21-16, Jayaram had it easy against Viktor Axelsen of Denmark 21-16, 21-14.Saina looked in great touch during the first game when she broke from 5-6 to 15-7 in just two serves before closing out at 21-12. The world No.5 was cruising at a fast pace at 12-5 in the second game. However, Sayaka upped the ante as she reeled off six points to reduce the margin 11-12. With another four straight points the Japanese girl raced to 15-13 before going for the kill with another six-point burst.Caught unawares by the onslaught, Saina played cautiously in the decider. Changing the pace of the game with long rallies Saina pushed hard on the net to move to 8-1. Though Sayaka reduced the margin to 7-10, Saina managed to keep the rival at bay. The Indian has an easy second round match against Indonesian qualifier Aprilla Yuswandari on Thursday.Diju-Jwala rallied back after losing the first game to beat Yeon Seong Yoo and Ye Na Jang of Korea 14-21, 21-11, 21-16. Like their men's singles counterparts the mixed pair too have a difficult second round against Tao Jiaming and Xia Huan of China.Bronze medallists at the World Championships Jwala and Ashwini Ponnappa suffered a first round defeat against second seeds Qing Tian and Yunlei Zhao of China 13-21, 17-21. The duo, who are one of India's best bets at the Olympics, were found wanting against the Chinese. After being overwhelmed in the first game, Jwala-Ashwini tried hard in the second but lost on big points towards the end.National champion Sourabh Verma failed to measure up to world No.9 Simon Santoso of Indonesia. The world No. 42 Indian lost 18-21, 14-21.Chief coach Pullela Gopichand's efforts of finding a new young men's doubles team suffered a blow as Tarun Kona and Arun Vishnu failed to put up a fight against Mathias Boe and Carsten Mogensen of Denmark 14-21, 13-21.Results (Rd I):Men's singles: Parupalli Kashyap bt Kevin Cordon (Gua) 21-19, 19-21, 21-16; Ajay Jayaram bt Viktor Axelsen (Den) 21-16, 21-14; Simon Santoso (Ina) bt Sourabh Verma 21-18, 21-14.Men's doubles: Mathias Boe/Carsten Mogensen (Den) bt Tarun Kona/Arun Vishnu 21-14, 21-13.Women's singles: Saina Nehwal bt Sayaka Sato 21-12, 14-21, 21-17Women's doubles: Qing Tian/Yunlei Zhao (Chn) bt Jwala Gutta/Ashwini Ponnappa 21-13, 21-17; Melvira Oklamona/Khaeriah Rosmini (Ina) bt Pradnya Gadre/Prajakta Sawant 21-23, 21-19, 21-19Mixed doubles: Jwala Gutta/Valiyaveetil Diju bt Yeon Seong Yoo/Ye Na Jang (Kor) 14-21, 21-11, 21-16; Riky Widianto/Puspita Richi Dili (Ina) bt Tarun Kona/Ashwini Ponnappa 21-16, 21-10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112719", "title": "Facing flak for moral policing, Maharashtra may review archaic laws", "text": "MUMBAI: Facing a barrage of criticism over moral policing, which is targeting Mumbai's nightlife, the state government on Wednesday stepped in to calm the waters. Minister of state for home Satej Patil spoke to police commissioner Arup Patnaik, advised him to handle the issue carefully and said the government was considering a review of archaic laws.\"Mumbai is a cosmopolitan city and the government wants to take a holistic approach on the issue,\" Patil told TOI. \"Laws should be followed, but innocent people should not be harassed... Some laws may not have relevance today, but may be used to book people.\"It is pertinent to note that Patil belongs to the ruling Congress party, while home minister R R Patil belongs to its alliance partner, the Nationalist Congress Party.Satej Patil's conversation with the police commissioner came on the day TOI carried a report on how archaic laws were being used to harass people who visit restaurants, discotheques and pubs ('Unreasonable law-enforcement is killing Mumbai's night life', page 2, June 13 edition).A source said the government was worried about the alleged highhandedness of the police in some cases where bars and pubs were raided, patrons were videographed and their names and addresses taken down. \"The whole administration cannot be tainted because of the actions of one or two persons,\" said the source. There is also concern in some quarters of the government that the targeting of night life in the city might affect Mumbai's image internationally and impact the inflow of tourists.Patil said the government has proposed a comprehensive review of laws, some of which were enacted more than half a century ago. The laws that may come under the scanner would include permit rules (that require a person to hold a permit to drink alcohol) and other rules in the Bombay Police Act and Bombay Prohibition Act that have a chance of being misused.\"The law cannot be used to target common people or persons who are visiting a restaurant or a discotheque,\" said Patil. \"If need be, we will make amendments or changes to the existing laws.\"He said the government will ensure that laws are proper and used in a reasonable manner. \"The law should be reasonable, but at the same time the system cannot be allowed to go haywire. The government will make every effort to ensure that this does not happen and strong laws are enacted. Law enforcement agencies should not be left weak.\"Times ViewThe law must be updated in accordance with evolving social mores and the situation on the ground. Dichotomy between rules and social mores and practices can lead to abuse of law and harassment of citizens, which is what Mumbai is seeing now. Several clauses of the Bombay Police Act also need to be redefined (or more clearly defined so that they are not at the mercy of a police officer's interpretation). Mumbai's police machinery needs to plug loopholes that allow killers like Vijay Palande to roam free; that's a much more pressing need than counting the number of people on a dance floor in a pub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107059", "title": "Burglar 'Spiderman', two others held for plotting murder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three persons including a burglar who had earned the nickname of Vijay Spiderman were arrested by crime branch officials on Wednesday. The trio, according to the crime branch officials, was plotting the murder of a historysheeter.Crime branch's police inspector Jitu Yadav arrested Amit Dubey 25, Sailesh Sen 22, Omkar Thakur alias Vijay Spiderman, 28, on the basis of a tip-off. All three had been caught earlier in various offences separately by city police.Thakur had been caught earlier for 48 burglaries and a murder. Owing to his ability to scale up any highrise building using its drainage pipes, he earned his nickname. Dubey had been caught earlier for a robbery involving Rs 55 lakh in Navrangpura at an angadia firm.Dubey and Sen are also accused in a murder case at Ramol, where historysheeter called Chandrashekhar was killed. Apparently Chandrashekhar had teased Dubey's sister-in-law, which had spurred the murder.Chandrashekher was the same historysheeter who had been accused of plotting to kill a senior Congress leader.\"The three had joined hands and had plotted to kill gangster Sahdev Tomar of Amraiwadi owing to an old rivalry. Yadav got a tip-off on this regard. Based on this information all three were caught near Ramol.One pistol, four cartridges and a knife were seized,\" said crime branch officials.Super thieves :This is the second burglar to be arrested who has earned spiderman as his nickname. On June 1 the first spiderman, Jayesh Patel, 37, was arrested on Friday from Astodia. He has committed no less than 150 burglaries in various parts of Gujarat. Jayesh, a resident of Amreli, was arrested when he was on his way to meet his lover in Astodia. Jayesh is an expert in scaling buildings and walls. In all his burglaries, he never had to break any door lock. He had always managed to climb up to his target-home and get in through balcony and windows. All he needed for his nocturnal operations was a large screwdriver which he effectively used to undo window latches....while wife prepares for civil examsThe arrests on Wednesday left an IPS officer quite bewildered. According to crime branch officials, Vijay Spiderman's wife is preparing to appear for Union Public Service Commission exam. To get some guidance for her preparations she regularly met this IPS officer who is now posted in Ahmedabad. When Thakur was caught today, his wife's tutor's name tumbled out during interrogation. \"The IPS officer who has been posted in the city police commissionerate for the first time did not have any inkling that this woman's husband is a notorious burglar,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104650", "title": "Ranji Trophy finalists in different tiers?", "text": "NEW DELHI: To maintain equilibrium in the long run, the technical committee of the BCCI has recommended that two finalists from the forthcoming 2012-13 season of the Ranji Trophy be placed in different groups - Tier A and B - in the next season. This was revealed to TOI by former India cricketer Chetan Chauhan who is a member of BCCI's technical committee which met on Tuesday and recommended several changes in the Indian domestic cricket.If these recommendations are ratified by the board's working committee, this year's Ranji teams will be divided as per the standing of the last season. But from next year, the best two teams from Tier C, who will qualify for the quarters, will be promoted to Tier B or may also be promoted to Tier A if one of them becomes the Ranji champions while the teams which fail to make the quarters from the Tier A will be placed as per their standing in the Ranji season.The first nine teams from the current Elite Group will be in Tier A. The rest of the six teams which were in the Elite Group last year will be clubbed in Tier B along with three top teams from the Plate Division. The rest of the nine teams from Plate division will be in Tier C. \"These new rules and regulations will make our domestic circuit very competitive,\" Chauhan said.For instance, if Jammu &amp; Kashmir play a quarterfinal tie against Mumbai, the board doesn't perceive this game as a battle between a weak and a strong teams. From the technical committee's point of view, it's an opportunity for some of the promising talents in teams like J&K; to show their skills in front of a strong side like Mumbai. \"This system will help to unearth more talents. Rajasthan is a prime example. They won the Ranji Trophy from Plate division year before last,\" Chauhan explained.As reported earlier, an outright win will fetch 6 points but a first innings lead will help a team gain three points and only one point will go to the opposition. In case of rain, both the teams will get at least one point each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "14107246", "title": "Cash-strapped Panipat MC leases out park named after Urdu poet Hali", "text": "PANIPAT: A symbol of the glorious cultural heritage of Panipat, Hali park, dedicated to the memory of great Urdu poet and social reformer Khwaja Altaf Hussain Hali, is set to lose its sheen as the municipal corporation has leased out its land for building a banquet hall, along with a fast food court, which would be rented out for organizing marriages and other celebrations.The MC move has however drawn flak from Hali Panipat Trust, which has received support from a cross section of society in the town, in raising the voice against the proposal. The park was established in 1974.The cash-strapped MC has reportedly decided to lease out around 10,000 sq yard land to a private player for construction of banquet hall. Located on the court road, the park is spread over several acres of land where hundreds of local residents come for morning walk daily. Besides, the administration has recently created a lake here to beautify the park, though it has dried up for lack of water.Ram Mohan Rai, an office bearer of Hali Panipati Trust, condemned the MC move. Talking to The Times of India, Rai said the trust had registered its protest with the municipal corporation and the district administration. \"We have submitted a memorandum to the municipal commissioner-cum-deputy commissioner Mona Shrinawas on Tuesday, demanding to prevent the MC from going ahead with the proposal and cancel the land lease to private player to set up a banquet hall,\" he said.\"Local residents have extended their support to our protest. We are ready for a prolonged stir on the issue if the MC and the administration do not listen to us. A delegation of the trust has also decided to raise the issue with the state government. We are planning to meet the chief minister on the issue\", he said.He maintained that the banquet hall and fast food centre would not only spoil the beauty of the park, but would also be a blot on Hali heritage, being nurtured by setting up a park in his name. The Hali Panipat Trust organizes annual programmes in the park to commemorate his philosophy, reforms in Islam and empowerment of women. President Pratibha Patil had attended the last function in Hali park in January this year, he said.Municipal commissioner Mona Shriniwas confirmed that she has received a memorandum from Hali trust and that she was studying the case. \"I would take a decision in the best interest of the residents\", she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109043", "title": "Civic panel no to hike in fire protection fee", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC standing committee on Wednesday rejected the proposal to increase the fire protection fee. Saying that the increase would further burden Mumbaikars, the committee said there was no need to impose the proposed threefold hike in fire protection fee.According to the proposal, the fire protection fee would have to be charged on the city's buildings-calculated on the basis of their area and type. The idea is to divert the revenue earned on this to the Fire Protection Fund.The new hiked rates were approved by the Law and Revenue Committee of the BMC after officers from the fire brigade made a detailed presentation. The proposal was made based on the recommendations of the Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Measures Act 2006. The committee approved the hikefor developers but not for citizens. At present, buildings are charged an annual fire protection fee of 1%. According to the proposal, the fire protection fee would be independent of the scrutiny fee and will be charged to the developer on completion of a project before issuing an NOC No-Objection Certificate (NOC) for occupation.In addition to this, a separate annual fee-at 3% of the fire services fee paid by the developer-will be charged to residents for fire protection services.Chief fire officer Suhas Joshi said that although the committee has approved the increased fee for developers, they have reservations over increasing the costs for citizens because they already pay a fire tax that is included in the property tax. \"But this is a fee levied according to the Act. It is not a tax,\" said Joshi.The fire brigade will now present a new proposal with the required changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14112982", "title": "'Merit list yes, state topper no'", "text": "NAGPUR: It was a day that Shubham Pandey had been waiting for some time now. When the SSC results finally came he could not believe that he had reached the pinnacle.With a whopping 98.91%, Akola's Shubham is the likely Vidarbha topper and may also end up claiming the top spot in state.Said Shubham: \"I knew I would get good marks and maybe make it to the merit list too, but this is like an impossible dream come true. It was only possible because of the constant support of my parents and persistent guidance of my teachers.\"A student of the little-known Bal Shivaji Madhyamik Shala, Shubham has also brought accolades to the school. \"My teachers said that one should not study to get good marks but rather treat these exams like an opportunity to prove oneself. SSC exam is a state level affair and proving yourself on this platform is a great thing in life,\" he said.Shubham felt that one does not have to attend tuition classes but only need to pay attention in school. \"Tuition classes should only be taken to discipline your studies and one really does not need to bogged down by the pressure of books. There has to be a balance between studies and extra-curricular activities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104642", "title": "SC nixes Muslim quota on whiff of communalism", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday delivered a big blow to the UPA government's bid to create a 4.5% minority sub-quota within the 27% OBC quota. Despite the Centre's fervent plea, it rejected the proposal and pulled up the government for doing shoddy homework to reach the figure of 4.5% as a sub-quota for backward Muslim groups in government jobs and admissions to colleges, including IITs.Expressing doubts about the constitutional validity of the Centre's decision, a bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar said carving out of minority sub-quota from the 27% reservation for Other Backward Classes (OBCs) appeared to be driven only by religion-based consideration. The Andhra Pradesh high court had on identical grounds quashed the Centre's decision on May 28.\"We are not inclined to grant interim stayof the High Court judgement,\" the court said. It also refused to entertain the Centre's last ditch attempt to push the minority quota into IIT admissions because it doubted the intention behind the Centre's decision to carve out 4.5% sub-quota for minorities from among the 27% reservation to OBCs.The Centre had on December 22, 2011, decided to implement 4.5% minority quota to benefit 82 Muslim groups included in the central list of OBCs, which together were entitled to a total of 27% reservation in jobs and admissions to central educational institutions, from January 1 this year.The bench said: \"All the groups included under OBCs are socially and educationally backward. But, you (the Union government) appear to have carved out the sub-quota for minorities on the basis of religion. Can you make a classification on the basis of religion?\"When the bench asked how many of other minority groups are getting the benefit, additional solicitor general Gourab Banerji said there were 2,343 groups included in central list of OBCs and of these 4.5% was reserved for 82 Muslim groups that were extremely backward.\"The benefit was intended to be given to them not because of their religion but due to their backwardness which impeded them from fairly competing with other backward groups for their share in 27% reservation. Pitted alongside the other OBCs, these backward Muslim groups would never get their share,\" he said.The court examined the 4.5% minority sub-quota decision on the touchstone of constitutional provisions allowing the state to make special provision to uplift socially and economically backward classes and Scheduled Castes and Scheduled tribes.The court pointed out that unlike the 27% reservation in admissions to central educational institutions effected through enactment of legislation in 2008, the decision to carve out 4.5% minority sub-quota was neither backed by a law nor any constitutional provision.\"It is a very important matter and we have got our doubts. You (the government) admit that the carving out of the sub-quota would affect the prospects of other OBC groups. If so, why did you not consult the National Commission on Backward Classes?\" the bench asked.Sensing the bleakness of getting an outright stay on the HC judgement, Banerji thought of getting a foothold for the 4.5% minority quota and sought the court's permission to implement the executive scheme in admissions to IITs, where Wednesday was the last day of counseling.\"Under the 27% reservation, 2612 seats in IITs were available for admitting OBC students. From this, 443 has been earmarked under 4.5% sub-quota. But, only 325 candidates are available against the 443 seats. Please allow this small number to get benefit under the sub-quota,\" Banerji pleaded.But, the court shot down this request too saying it was not inclined to grant interim stay on the HC verdict. It issued notices on HRD ministry's appeal to respondents.When the court questioned the faith-based classification of 4.5% sub-quota, Banerji argued that the Centre had done it on the basis of backwardness of the three Muslim groups but there were three states - Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu , which have done it directly for the Muslims and have been implementing it for sometime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14119694", "title": "CM pledges support to Ramdev", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday expressed his support to yoga guru Baba Ramdev's campaign against black money and corruption, strengthening the latter's efforts ahead of his proposed mass agitation on August 9 for a strong Lokpal.\"We are with you in Gandhian style,\" the BJD chief told Ramdev here, a day after Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Yadav threw his weight behind the yoga guru. Naveen also took a swipe at the Congress-led Union government, saying, \"The Centre is sinking in the sea of corruption.\"Praising Naveen for initiating anti-graft measures like special courts to try persons accused of corruption, Ramdev identified illegal mining as a source of black money and said he would back the Odisha government's demand to introduce a Mineral Resource Rent Tax on iron ore at the rate of 50 per cent on account of the 'super normal profits' being made by miners. tnn\"Since months we have been pressing the central government for a new tax to prevent super normal profits being made by certain mining companies,\" Naveen said, prompting Ramdev to reply: \"We will support an agitation for it (MRRT).\" Ramdev also lauded the Odisha government's move to enact a law to provide time-bound delivery of important public services to the people. Naveen said the cabinet would deliberate over the proposed legislation on June 16.Stating that the aim was to make the India the world leader in terms of 'prosperity, purity and spirituality', Ramdev said he met Naveen as part of his nationwide campaign against black money and corruption. \"We have put forth seven result-oriented and effective steps the Centre needs to adopt to tackle black money and corruption, but it was not acting on those,\" Ramdev added, without elaborating on the steps.Describing black money as a \"very big issue\", Ramdev said the Centre was \"apathetic\" and afraid to take bold steps like a strong Lokpal to fight graft. \"We want to build pressure on the government through political parties, the public and also petition the Prime Minister by involving gram sabhas,\" he added.Ramdev, who has estimated the quantum of black money lying abroad at Rs four lakh crore, noted that black money belonging to Indians was not only stashed overseas but was also hoarded within the country and was finding its way into India through foreign direct investment (FDI). \"The country would gain 'economic independence' if black money to the tune of Rs four lakh crore stashed away abroad was retrieved and brought back,\" he said, accusing politicians and bureaucrats of turning capitalists by earning black money. On why he was meeting politicians who face allegations of corruption, Ramdev averred: \"It's the politicians who formulate policies for the country; it is they who could ensure a solution.\"\"If we do away with dirty money and black economy, India's gross domestic product would grow by seven to ten times and our economy would compare with those of the USA and China,\" he maintained, adding, \"India would not suffer from inflation and not face budgetary deficits if we get back black money. A lot of developmental activities and welfare and poverty alleviation programmes could also be launched.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14122079", "title": "Kerala HC asks police to implement pan masala ban", "text": "KOCHI: The Kerala High Court today directed director general of police to ensure that strict measures are being taken to enforce the ban on pan masala products.Considering a petition by advocate Basil Attipetty demanding proper implementation of the ban imposed by the state government, division bench of Justice CN Ramachandran Nair and Justice CK Abdul Rahim asked the government and police to ensure that the ban is implemented effectively.Last week, the court had declined to stay the ban on manufacture and sale of gutka and pan masala products containing tobacco.The court had also directed the government to inform it by the action plan for implementing the ban while hearing a petition by pan masala manufacturers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14105029", "title": "Euro 2012: Warsaw night riot opens old wounds", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was perhaps only fair that the Russia-Poland match in Euro 2012 on Tuesday night ended in a draw. With bloody clashes erupting between fans from both sides ahead of the match in Warsaw, triumph for any team would almost certainly have engendered a whole set of bitter and violent losers bent on giving vent to their ire on the streets.Perhaps, the Russians had no business to theatrically march to the national stadium even if it was their National Day. Perhaps, the Poles could have resisted reacting violently to it. In the end, though, the hostilities that ended in blood-splattered streets only laid bare centuries of underlying tension between the two nations.While the World War II was when the relationship reached a nadir, with many Polish citizens still unable to wipe off the memories of the Katyn massacre in which over 20,000 Polish soldiers were slaughtered, Poland-Russia ties have repeatedly soured even after the fall of Communism in late 80s and early 90s. The controversial failure of the Red Army to help the Poles while they were massacred by the Germans after the Warsaw Uprising is still something that Warsaw has never forgotten.Poland's decision to hurriedly join NATO in 1999 perhaps only added to the rancour. Poland's open support to Georgia four years ago in its war with Russia over breakaway territory of South Ossetia was one such instance. The Russians were then even accused of firing at a cavalcade led by the presidents of Poland and Georgia.In the recent past though, the main cause of distrust between the people of the two countries has been the Polish air force plane crash in the western Russian city of Smolensk which resulted in the death of Polish president Lech Kaczvnski, his wife, chief of Polish general staff and 93 others. Ironically, the victims were on their way to attend an event to mark the 70th anniversary of the Katyn massacre. Many of these were relatives of the victims of the massacre.Conspiracy theories abound about the possible involvement of Russian agencies. Kaczvnski's brother and members of his party have maintained that this was an assassination because the Russian air traffic control prevented the plane from landing to ensure the president wasn't able to attend the ceremony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14113024", "title": "On the terrace, under a street light, up to 1am", "text": "NAGPUR: If you are determined and dedicated, all odds can be surmounted. Shweta Gedam, who secured 87.45% to emerge as the topper in schools run by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), proved this as she did all her studying with the help of the light thrown by a street pole. Boosted by the result, she now plans to be a doctor.A happy Shweta told TOI that studying since Std 1 in the Durnagar Marathi High School proved lucky for her. \"We have just two rooms in our rented house in Ayodhya Nagar. One room is the kitchen and the other a bedroom. My elder brother Shubham was studying for HSC examination and sister Kajol for first year and they used the bedroom. I had no options but to study on the terrace. I used to study till 1am. Since it was dark, a street light came to my rescue. I enjoyed every moment,\" she said.Shweta's father Babbanrao is a painter of posters and hoardings, and mother a homemaker. \"I am a proud father today. Shweta cried after failing to get more than 90%. She did not score well in science. She loves painting like me and is also interested in cultural dances,\" he said.Headmistress Sheela Athinkar, class teacher Madhuri Katkar and science teacher Savita Itankar said that Shweta has always been a topper right from standard 1. \"We were hoping she would score more, but we are still happy. Science was tough subject this time,\" they said.NMC principal proves rightUnlike many others who wouldn't have dared to take such a decision, Anwar Jalil, the principal of NMC's Sane Guruji Urdu Medium School in Rahatekarwadi, got his daughter admitted to the same school. Yushra Fatma, who secured 85.60%, not only emerged a topper in Urdu medium schools, she was also No 2 among all NMC schools.There were many allegations in the past that even the staffers of NMC do not like to admit their children in NMC schools. But Jalil has made the NMC school proud. Jalil is the best principal in the NMC and has got several awards. Under his guidance, Sane Guruji School has been securing 100% results for the last three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108801", "title": "Supply crunch pushes up vegetable prices in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Prices of vegetables at the Koyambedu market and retail outlets in the city have drastically increased by 15 to 35.Traders say prices have shot up as many vegetable crops are wilting in the heat. \"The demand is more and the supply is less,\" said a trader at the Koyambedu wholesale market.According to R Soundarajan, market advisor to wholesaler's association in Koyambedu, \"This is the first time in the last 25 years that prices of certain vegetables have crossed the 20 mark per kilogram. Heat, water shortage, lack of labourers has added to the supply crunch,\" he said.The price of a kilogram of beans shot up to 60 from 25 last week. \"Beans are heat-sensitive vegetables. They wilt under high temperature. Even if the plants are watered at night, the humidity kills them,\" said M Anbarasu, a farmer in Poonamallee.Farmers said brinjal, lady's finger and beans are the most sensitive to the heat.Apart from heat, farmers say labour shortage is another reason for the steep price rise. \"Many labourers have been able to find work in their own villages under the MNREGA scheme. It works out cheaper for labourers, instead of commuting to the city everyday,\" said Soundarajan.While prices of some vegetables have gone up, price of tomatoes have come down to 12 from 15 last week. Traders said this was due to large quantities coming in from other parts of the state, Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14105728", "title": "Police can't collect revenue from road advertisements, says Kerala high court", "text": "KOCHI: Police do not have the right to collect revenue from advertisements on traffic signs set up on roads, the Kerala high court observed on Wednesday.Considering a petition filed by Kannur municipality challenging the collection of revenue by police from advertisements on road medians without permission, Justice PS Gopinathan observed that police do not have the right to collect revenue from advertisements. The medians were set up by the then Kannur police superintendent Manoj Abraham.When officials of the municipality tried to remove this, police had allegedly chased them away and registered cases against the officials.During the hearing on the petition, the court observed that police do not have the right to put up advertisements on roads managed by the municipality and collect revenue and prior permission from the municipality should be sought if such a move is carried out. The court also criticized Kochi city police for not taking action to ease traffic congestion and obstruction due to unscientific hoardings along city roads. Though police was instructed to solve the unscientific methods adopted in setting up medians and advertisement boards as well as zebra crossings, nothing seems to be done, the judge observed.Unscientific and unplanned installation of sign boards and medians are obstructing traffic, with drivers not being able to see vehicles coming from opposite direction due to these boards, the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112202", "title": "Central Railway ban means 2.5 lakh less packets choke lifeline daily", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly 2.5 lakh less plastic wrappers are being discarded daily after Central Railway (CR) banned sale of food items in plastic and non-biodegradable packages.On May 21, CR issued a directive to stop the sale of 25 food items. Cakes, biscuits, wafers and other salted snacks have been withdrawn from sale as they come in the non-biodegradable packing made of plastic, metalized film packets, sulphite paper packing, aluminum foil packing, etc.Around 200 stall owners on CR's Mumbai division suffer a loss of Rs 5,000 every day.The total sale of packets is estimated to be Rs 5 lakh every day. \"Even if it is assumed that half of these 5 lakh packets were dropped in litter bins or carried outside railway premises, nearly 2.5 lakh packets were found on platforms and tracks,\" said a senior CR official. \"After the ban, around 2.5 lakh less plastic wrappers have been found on the premises since May 31, when 100% compliance of the ban was achieved,\" he added.\"Currently, our employees conduct three rounds of cleaning on Kalyan station, which is major junction on CR,\" Kalyan station manager OP Karothia said.\"Around 2.5 tonnes of garbage is collected on CST suburban and main lines ever day. Since the ban on plastic came into effect, the waste has reduced largely due to the absence of plastic and non-biodegradable packages,\" CST manager GS Joshi said.\"If an area is clean, then people think twice before they litter,\" said Karothia.\"CR platforms and precincts have become cleaner after the ban was implemented,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "shimlanew delhi", "code": "14105737", "title": "8 \u2018suspicious\u2019 men of Chinese origin held", "text": "SHIMLANEW DELHI: Acting on intelligence inputs suggesting some clandestine activities of people of Chinese origin in the state, the Himachal Pradesh Police has arrested eight foreigners, who hold Taiwanese passports, on charges of violating visa norms from a fortified monastery in Mandi district. The authorities have also recovered cash worth over Rs 30 lakh, $3,000, few Nepalese currency, cellphones and SIM cards from their possession.These eight Taiwanese had come to India separately on tourist visa on different times. Instead of informing the local Foreigner Registration Office (FRO) about their tourist status, they indulged in craftsmanship at the behest of a Sikkim-based contractor at Chauntra town on the Mandi-Pathankot highway close to Kangra district that has a large settlement of Tibetans.The fact that they all came to India at different times on tourist visa, but chose to stay together in a house as carpenters and masons had raised a red flag in the Intelligence Bureau. The owner of the house is associated with Tai Situpa Rinpoche \u2014 one of the two 'gurus' of Karmapa Oygen Trinley Dorje and the monk, who had helped Karmapa escape from China in 1999.The agency subsequently informed the state police that conducted raids in the house - protected by 15-ft- high wall \u2014 and arrested them on Tuesday night. It is suspected that some of the foreigners had fled the spot during the raids.The police on Wednesday produced the accused in a local court which remanded them to police custody for three days. \"Their actual motive could be ascertained only after thorough interrogation. The investigation agencies are waiting for Chinese interpreters to join the questioning as the arrested persons understood only Chinese language,\" said an official.He said since the arrested persons possessed Taiwanese passports, police was verifying whether the passports and other travel documents were genuine or fake. Even the visas of some of them had expired long ago, he added.Though there is no evidence to suggest that they were working as \"spies\", police have not yet ruled out the possibility. \"Only thorough interrogation and corroborative evidence of their stay can unveil the mystery behind their activities,\" said the official in New Delhi, referring to preliminary findings of the state police.The owner of the house, where the foreigners were found, is being questioned on his links with the arrested. The probe agencies are also trying to find out how a person from Sikkim could buy land and build a house in Himachal Pradesh, where non-Himachalis are barred from owning lands.\"The Sikkimese has been under the observation of intelligence agencies which led to the arrest of the eight people,\" the official said.Illegal presence of foreigners, especially those of Chinese origin, have, of late, become a cause of concern for Himachal Pradesh Police. Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama had also expressed threat to his life from China, saying he had been passed reports from inside Tibet warning that Chinese agents had trained Tibetan women for a mission to poison him while posing as devotees seeking his blessings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14124158", "title": "Advanced treatment helps 15-year-old to recover from painful pancreatic pseudocyst", "text": "BANGALORE: A 15-year-old boy with history of severe abdominal pain for two months was wrongly diagnosed with acute pancreatitis and was managed conservatively at a city-based nursing home. He again felt pain, which increased gradually after about three weeks. He also noticed swelling of upper abdomen and vomiting every time he ate.Not satisfied with the treatment and with an intention to seek second opinion he was brought to Fortis Hospital where investigations showed a large pancreatic pseudocyst (A pancreatic pseudocyst is a collection of fluid around the pancreas).Before undergoing treatment, the boy had gone through a gastro copy at a city-based hospital, which did not show any impression on stomach and duodenum (initial part of intestine) and hence was told that he had no option but to go for laproscopic or open surgery.But, at Fortis an Endoscopic Ultrasound (EUS) was carried out where the patient was diagnosed with Pseudocyst to be in vicinity of stomach. He was suggested to undergo a EUS guided drainage, where the pseudocyst was drained without any surgery and through endoscopic ultrasound guidance.The entire procedure was completed within a day. The pseudocyst did not recur even after 4 week of the procedure. His stent was removed through an endoscopic procedure.\"It has been about six months now and the boy has not shown any symptoms of recurrence. It was only after the correct diagnosis that we got to know that the boy was actually suffering from large pancreatic pseudocyst and due to the late realization of his acute disease he badly suffered from severe pain and indigestion,\" explained Dr Sreenivasa Devasetty, Consultant Gastroenterologist, Fortis Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14105039", "title": "Youth shot at, stabbed to death on crowded BT Road", "text": "KOLKATA: One person was killed in broad daylight and three bodies found in North 24-Parganas on Wednesday. No one has been arrested yet in connection with any of the murders.Around 11.30am, a gang of miscreants stopped an auto, dragged a youth out of it, shot him and then stabbed him to death on a crowded BT Road at Agarpara near Khardah.People on the road ran for cover as 29-year-old Md Ujir Ali Nasir's body slumped on the road. The miscreants managed to flee.Police said Nasir, a resident of Nayabasti in Kamarhati, was on his way to Barrackpore court to stand witness in a criminal case. He boarded an auto from Rathtala More in Belghoria. When the auto reached Tentultala in Agarpara, five armed miscreants came on two motorbikes, stopped the three-wheeler and dragged Nasir out. They first threw two bombs to terrorize people.\"The victim tried to escape and started running along the road. But the goons fired three rounds at him. A bullet hit his shoulder and another his right leg. Nasir fell on the road. The goons then chopped him several times with a dagger to ensure he died. Nobody dared resist the gang,\" said an eyewitness.A team from Khardah police station reached the spot for an investigation. Police suspect that an old rivalry between two gangs could have led to the murder. \"The victim had a criminal past. At least four cases, including those for murder and robbery, were pending against him. He was released from jail three weeks ago,\" a police officer said.In another incident, two youths in their early 30s were found murdered at Ashokenagar on Wednesday morning. Their throats were slit. A one-shotter with two bullets was found near the bodies.The bodies were found in a field near Guma station around 6.30am. \"We suspect that the duo was murdered elsewhere and their bodies dumped here,\" an officer said.In the afternoon, the body of an unidentified youth was found floating in a pond at Golabari in Barasat. His hands and legs were tied. Police suspect the victim was first strangulated and the body was dumped in the pond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "14108480", "title": "Mehdi Hassan's wish: To see India and Pakistan united", "text": "AJMER: Mehdi Hassan had wished to see India and Pakistan united during his last visit to the 12 century shrine of Khawaja Gharib Nawaz here. It remained a wish unfulfilled when arguably the greatest ghazal singer breathed his last at a Karachi hospital on Wednesday. \"It was summer of 2006 when he came to Ajmer on a wheelchair. He was invited to India and for his treatment in Jaipur by late ghazal singer Jagjit Singh ,\" recalled Surendre Chaturvedi, a local scribe who interviewed him for a electronic channel.Hassan had advocated a shared culture, history and music to play a vital role in strengthening ties between Pakistan and India.In the interview, Hassan had said, \"My body belongs to the world but my soul lies in India.\"On ghazal, he had said, \"I am worried about the poor quality of content in ghazal singing. It has distorted the real essence of ghazals which was meant for purification of soul.\" The excerpts of his interview were given to scribes inside the dargah.\"Born and brought up in a small village Luna in Jhunjhunu district of Rajasthan in 1927, Hassan migrated to Pakistan during Partition.During his visit to the dargah, Hassan spent three hours there on a wheelchair. Many devotees who came to the shrine had requested him for a photograph. He didn't refuse anyone and gave enough time a photo shoot. \"He wished to sing again and prayed for his voice in the shrine,\" said Syed Shahnawaz Chisti, a khadim who interacted with Hassan.Hassan visited Ajmer thrice to pay obeisance in the dargah. Many prominent people from Ajmer who attended his concert in Savitri College in Ajmer in 1988 were in shock when they learned about his sad demise. During his peak time, Hassan chose to perform in Ajmer so that he could visit the shrine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14113113", "title": "Bisne eyes success in national circuit", "text": "NAGPUR: Vaibhav Bisne was barely five when he joined the professional coaching of Kiran Makode at the Shankar Nagar-based Vidarbha Bridge Association Hall.Nearly a decade later when he returned to the same venue on Wednesday evening for routine practice session, his eyes were moist with emotions as his fellow training partners congratulated him warmly for the spectacular success in Indonesia last week.The 14-year-old along with Mumbai Suburban's Chirag Shetty created a history of sorts when the teenage duo emerged champions in the Yonex-Sunrise international doubles badminton tournament in Jakarta on Saturday.The unseeded pair caused series of upsets on way to U-15 boys doubles triumph which surprised everyone including the duo itself.\"The competition was quite tough and initially we never thought of becoming champions. However, we grew in confidence as the tournament progressed. It was a wonderful experience to win my first international title,\" Vaibhav told TOI on Wednesday.More than the title, Vaibhav was even more satisfied with the specialized training schedule he underwent during the month-long camp at the Atik Jhuhari Badminton School. The advanced training camp for Vaibhav, Chirag and Lalita Katre (Mumbai) was organized by Maharashtra Badminton Association (MBA) with the support of Delhi's Yonex Sunrise Sports.\"We had undergone a completely different kind of coaching in Indonesia. Besides multi-shuttle training for nearly three hours, the stress was also given on the physical fitness and agility aspects. We used to train under Atik and his two assistant coaches for more than five hours a day. There were 10 sessions in a week,\" said Vaibhav.High on confidence after the Indonesia stint, Vaibhav now wants to carry the momentum further by performing well in the forthcoming season. It will be the first year for Vaibhav in the U-17 section after bagging a couple of U-15 state titles last year.\"I have now decided to participate in all the state and national junior tournaments this year. I will be concentrating mostly on singles. I will play doubles with Chirag in the state tournaments but not sure whether I will compete in the doubles at the national-level,\" said Vaibhav.A Standard X student of Bhavan's Bharatiya Vidya Mandir, Civil Lines, Vaibhav is thankful to his coach Kiran Makode and MBA, which provided him a chance to visit Indonesia.\"We will soon sit down and chalk out the future plan of action. It will be foolish on our part if Vaibhav does not participate in as many tournaments as possible in the coming season especially after he has undergone the specialized training and is high on confidence thanks to the first international title of his career,\" said Makode, who has been grooming Vaibhav since last ten years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14117590", "title": "No more garbage trucks to Kochuveli, says mayor", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Defying the district administration, the city corporation has decided not to send garbage-laden trucks to Kochuveli from Thursday.The decision was taken after the committee formed by mayor K Chandrika concluded that the process of using garbage as a filler material for constructing railway platforms was being carried out at Kochuveli in an unscientific manner.\"The committee experts opined that the process was unscientific and should not be allowed to continue at Kochuveli. That was why we have decided to stop transporting garbage to Kochuveli,\" said Chandrika.'''' The committee comprised of experts like RVG Menon and officials of Shuchitwa mission. They opined that the process was unscientific and should not be allowed to continue at Kochuveli. That was why we thought of withdrawing from the transport of garbage to Veli,'' said Mayor K.Chandrika.She said that the corporation had agreed to the government proposal of transporting garbage to Kochuveli after being convinced about the feasibility of the plan. \"However when experts point out that the plan is not feasible, how can we support it. There is no boundary wall for preventing the spread of garbage when rain begins,\" the mayor told TOI.However, the corporation will send garbage trucks to Murukumpuzha for the same purpose from Thursday. The corporation's move has left the district administration puzzled. \"We are trying to solve a crisis here. At Kochuveli, only 10% of the actual requirement has already been met. There are certain issues regarding transportation. But it can be easily avoided if the corporation could lend its small vehicles,\" said district collector K N Satheesh.Mayor Chandrika also took on Chief minister Oommen Chandy for his criticism aimed at corporation regarding the implementation of pipe-compost project. \"The very term source-level waste management was introduced by corporation. We are more concerned about waste from flats, markets, hotels, commercial complexes and slaughter houses. Pipe compost applies only to homes. There is some process involved in it. Ward-level committees have to be formed, applications need to be filled, agencies have to be selected, account has to be opened and work orders have to be confirmed. CM Chandy should understand that it is not as easy as shutting down a plant one fine day,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14119817", "title": "Mukhya Mantri Ladli Yojana a hit in first four months", "text": "RANCHI: The Mukhya Mantri Lakhsmi Ladli Yojana gets a huge response in the first four months since its launch on November 15 as the total beneficiaries are more than 34,299 families (girl children), of them 5,752 are from the city.In the first four months, the government has spent Rs 2,057.94 lakh on the scheme. In Ranchi alone, the government has spent around Rs 345.12 lakh.Under the scheme, financial aid is provided to people below the poverty line and those families whose annual income is less than Rs 72,000 per annum after a girl child is born. It aims to stop social malpractices like female foeticide and encourage the girl child to study. A newborn girl child enrolled under the scheme will get Rs 1.08 lakh when she turns 21 years, but after she completes Plus II education and is married after 18 years.The facts about success of the scheme was shared during a workshop on the state-level experience sharing by monitoring and policy support unit of the state planning and development department in association with the UNICEF(United Nations Children's Fund) here on Wednesday.Job Jachariah, the state Unicef chief, said the scheme was the single-window solution for many social problems in the society like female foeticide, girls dropout rates in schools. In the state, total eight lakh child birth takes place out, half of them are girls. \"So if we are able to cover even three lakh under this scheme, we can also fulfill the millennium development goals. The Unicef is providing the support through monitoring and training. If any help is needed in the evaluation, we are ready for it.\"K K Sinha, the post master general, said the scheme was for the overall development of the girl child for which whole investment was made through the post office schemes. \"The major objective is to provide the family a lumpsome amount and also the monthly finance.\"Talking about the objective behind the workshop, D N Chaudhary, deputy secretary, planning and development department, admitted problems in implementing the scheme at grassroots level as it was a new scheme. \"Many people do not know about the scheme due to which many families can't avail the benefits. For this media and NGOs help is required to create awareness among the common people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14109362", "title": "At least half of Goa's RTE council will be women", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's State Advisory Council, to be formed to monitor the implementation of the Right of Children to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, 2009, in an effective manner, will mandatorily comprise four members from the Scheduled Caste (SC), Scheduled Tribe (ST), Other Backward Classes (OBC) and minority communities.The composition of the council for Goa has been defined by the draft of the RTE rules prepared by the state government. The council will be formed once the rules are notified shortly.The Goa government's advisory council will consist of fourteen members other than the chairperson, who will be the state minister for education in Goa. The composition of the council in Goa will comprise of a compulsory four members from the weaker sections-SC, ST, OBC and minority communities-and at least one member on the council will be a person of specialized knowledge and practical experience of education of children with special needs.One member of the council will be a person with specialized knowledge in the field of pre-primary education and at least two members will be persons with specialized knowledge and practical experience in the field of teaching. At least 50% of the members of the council in Goa will be women .Members of the council will hold office for a term of two years. According to the RTE's Section 34, \"The state government shall constitute, by notification, a state advisory council consisting of members, not exceeding fifteen, as the state government deems necessary, to be appointed from amongst persons having knowledge and practical in the field of elementary education and child development.\"The council will meet regularly as the chairperson or the minister for education feels necessary. \"But three months shall not intervene between its last and the next meetings,\" the Goa draft RTE rules state.\"The meeting of the council shall be presided over by the chairperson. If for any reason the chairperson is unable to attend the meeting of the council, he will nominate a member of the council to preside over such meeting. Quorum of the meeting shall be considered complete if at least 50% of its members are present,\" the rules read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14109885", "title": "Ganja peddler nabbed at Velim", "text": "The Cuncolim police on Wednesday arrested Sylvias Sarkar, 22, a resident of Colmorod, Velim, after he was caught in possession of ganja. The police have seized 710g of the banned narcotic substance, worth nearly Rs 90,000, from in his house. On being tipped off that the accused was into selling drugs, the police rushed to Velim and lay in wait for him near his house. As Sarkar was spotted stepping out from his house, he was nabbed and his house searched. Ganja was found packed in a bag. The accused was arrested under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substance Act.Former St Andre MLA no more: Sripad Kuncolienkar, two-time MLA of San Andre, passed away after a brief illness at his Panaji residence on Wednesday. He was 81. Kuncolienkar was MLA in 1977 and 1984 and was also chairman of Kadamba Transport Corporation.Restricted water supply to Porvorim: Due to urgent maintenance work of interconnection at the O'Coqueiro pumphouse, there will be restricted water supply on June 14, between 2pm and 11pm, to Keni, Hede, PDA colony, Landscape, Vascon, executive engineer line, Coelho vaddo and Porvorim, states a press note issued by the Alto Porvorim office of the public works departmentDKA condoles Konkani novelist Joao Inacio's death: The Dalgado Konkani Akademi (DKA) has expressed grief over the passing away of its member and veteran Konkani writer and novelist Joao Inacio D'Souza, who expired on June 11 at his ancestral house in Gaunsavaddo, Mapusa. D'Souza started his Konkani writings in 1919 through 'Porjecho Adar' newspaper. He also contributed to Konkani periodicals Sot Uloi, The Goan Mail, Ave Maria , The Goa Times, Goan Express, Vavraddi, A Vanguarda, Vavraddeancho Ixtt, Sot, Divtti, Uzvadd, Novem Goy, Goycho Avaz, Gulab, etc. He was also the editor of 'Goycho Pormoll'. D'Souza, who has 33 novels to his credit, was awarded the 'Dalgado Literary Award' in 2009 by DKA for his life time contribution to Konkani in the Roman script.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14112566", "title": "Groundwater half of \u2018supply\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: On paper, about 12% of Delhi's water needs are met by groundwater reserves. Unofficially, the figure almost touches 50%. A recent analysis of groundwater abuse conducted by Centre for Science and Environment (CSE) reveals that over 2,000 private tankers draw groundwater from tubewells and sell it to residential localities and industries at exorbitant rates. Their business is pegged at Rs 400 crore annually.Even the latest assessment of groundwater resources carried out by Central Ground Water Board ( CGWB), in collaboration with the state government, says that out of 27 tehsils in nine districts, 20 tehsils are over-exploited.\"The official figures of groundwater usage do not match the real numbers. The fact that commercial exploitation of groundwater is rampant in most parts shows that groundwater is meeting close to 50% of Delhi's needs. The quality of groundwater is also a matter of concern. Because of the sewage that seeps into the water, it is too polluted to be potable,\" says programme director, water, CSE, Nitya Jacob.CSE's analysis also quotes CGWB's 2011 report that the rate of exploitation in south Delhi is 240% more than the sustainable levels of extraction. In waterstarved areas, the water table is declining at a rate of one metre below ground level (bgl) annually. What's worse is that in some parts of south and south-west Delhi, it is has fallen by 2-3 metre bgl annually. Hence, water can be available only after digging as deep as 100 metre. While officially, around 1,00,000 tube wells were registered by 2006, CSE says there could be 2,00,000 to 4,00,000 tube wells in the city at present.\"Areas on the outskirts of the city from Sangam Vihar to the airport and other places like Chattarpur, Najafgarh, Mehrauli and Vasant Kunj are highly overexploited. Even central Delhi is parched. Metro projects that use groundwater also contribute to the shortage,\" added Nitya.In spite of the alarming groundwater stress , there is hardly any recharge. Rainwater harvesting was made mandatory almost 10 years ago, but the projects have not kicked off. Since 2003, DJB has financed just 169 projects. Some RWAs took up the practice but the contribution is too minute to beat the shortage. Another CSR study shows that even 50% of the harvested water couldn't help bridge the demand-supply gap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14118910", "title": "Memorial lunch in honour of Tiger Pataudi", "text": "LONDON: A memorial lunch in honour of the late Mansur Ali Khan Pataudi, one of India's most charismatic cricket captains, will be held here on Friday.The lunch hosted by Indian Journalists' Association (IJA) in the Edwardian suite of the St James Court hotel in central London, will be attended by Pataudi's widow Sharmila Tagore, son Saif Ali Khan and daughters Saba Ali Khan and Soha Ali Khan.They will be accompanied by Saif's fiance and Bollywood actress Kareena Kapoor. Also joining the event will be Pataudi's first cousin Shahryar Khan and his family.Khan is a former foreign secretary of Pakistan and an ex-president of the Pakistan Cricket Board, a spokesman of IJA said.The Secretary General of the Commonwealth Kamlesh Sharma is also expected to lend his presence to the function, along with several dignitaries, including members of the House of Lords.The chief executives of the England Cricket Board and Sussex County Cricket Club, where Pataudi was captain, will also take part in what will be a select gathering of 135 people.Test players from three countries - India, England and Pakistan - will pay tributes to Pataudi.A short film of him batting in a Test match in Leeds in 1967 - in which he scored a heroic 148 - will be screened.Sharmila and Saif will respond on behalf of the family and take some questions from media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "14107336", "title": "Apna Ghar: A month after, police scan computers, documents", "text": "ROHTAK: More than a month after a team of National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) exposed the humiliating wrongdoings towards inmates of disgraced Apna Ghar, a shelter home run by Jaswanti Devi, police on Wednesday scanned the data of computer systems and other records lying in the premises.Since this was done by sleuths of special investigation team (SIT) probing the shelter home sex scandal , this has put a question mark over investigations done by Rohtak police after an expose made by NCPCR, sources said.Headed by Sanjay Kumar , superintendent of police, SIT members, who included forensic and cyber cell experts, arrived at Apna Ghar premises in Shrinagar colony here during morning hours on Wednesday. The team maintained distance from media in sharing the nature of investigations or outcome of their visit during their stay inside Apna Ghar for over five hours.The team reportedly collected records and other material from the shelter home, which was sealed by the SIT earlier this week. SIT members rummaged through the files and other records while the cyber cell experts also scanned computers for vital evidences, sources added.When contacted, Rohtak DSP Dharna Yadav, who is associated with investigations from the beginning, refused to divulge details. Police however maintained that the team had expedited its investigation into the several charges against Jaswanti and other accused, as the team had been asked to submit a report to the state government by June 20.The NCPCR raid on Apna Ghar shelter home on May 9 had exposed the shocking incident of incessant torture, sexual abuse, physical and mental exploitation of destitute women and girls residing in the home after which Haryana police initiated a probe into its functioning.Following allegations about involvement of influential persons as well as police officials in sexual abuse of inmates came to light last week, Haryana DGP Ranjiv S Dalal had constituted the SIT, headed by ADGP M S Mann.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "14120561", "title": "Barak Valley hit by LPG crisis", "text": "Silchar: Assam's Barak Valley areas are reeling under an acute LPG cylinder shortage for nearly four months. And there is no hope of immediate respite from the ongoing crisis. On a monthly average, there has been a drop in the supply of LPG cylinders to the northeast states by more than six lakh cylinders against the demand of around 20 lakh cylinders, sources said.Locals believe that LPG agencies are hand in glove with black marketers. \"A truck can carry at least 300 cylinders. However they distribute 100 cylinders and the rest vanish. While it takes us more than a month to get a cylinder through the domestic distribution system, black marketers sell them for Rs 1200,\" one customer said.\"I booked my last LPG cylinder more than one month ago. However, I have come to understand that it will be made available to me only after a fortnight. My last cylinder is empty and I had to buy a kerosene stove for my kitchen. Moreover, even kerosene is going at Rs 35 a litre in Silchar,\" said an employee of private sector company.BJP members on Wednesday met Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) area manager L K Dole and urged him to take steps to solve the crisis immediately. They also threatened to launch an agitation if IOC fails to act. \"We understand that irregularities on the part of a section of IOC officials and dealers are behind the crisis. If the authorities take strong steps the crisis can be addressed,\" said Kanad Purkayasthya, a BJP leader at the meeting.Dole, however, said the shortage is due to production loss in the four IOC-owned refineries in Numaligarh, Nunmati, Bongaigaon and Digboi. While the crisis is triggered due to the halt in production at the Numaligarh refinery, the biggest refinery in the region, after a blast at the plant site in Golaghat on April 7, the production has been further hit due to the repair works in progress at Nunmati, Bongaigaon and Digboi refineries, the area manager said. He, however, said the production at Numaligarh has resumed and authorities are hopeful that the crisis will be over this month.Meanwhile, the Cachar district administration has decided to launch a massive drive to check misuse of domestic LPG cylinders as well as take stock of delivery system of agencies. District administration, in a meeting with LPG dealers and officials of IOC and AOD, made it mandatory for them to submit a monthly return. Apart from this, the dealers have been told to display their stock position and distribution in front of their shops.Cachar deputy commissioner Harendra Kumar Dev Mahanta asked the IOC authorities to address the crisis and ensure dealers get regular supply of domestic cylinders. He also cautioned hoarders and black marketers. Silchar city has four LPG agents serving nearly 50,000 consumers. The dealers get cylinders from the Borkhola bottling plant, which also feeds consumers in Mizoram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14124375", "title": "Multimedia data archiving at National Defence Academy", "text": "PUNE: The National Defence Academy (NDA) will undertake a data storage project called 'Multimedia Aided Archiving of Historical Data.' The project been conceptualized to reduce overall cost of handling documents, a statement issued by NDA informed.NDA being a premier defence training institute generates considerable amount of documents in physical form. Expecting a high-paced growth in the number of documents that will be generated, the maintenance of this repository of documents in an efficient manner would become a tedious task with each passing day.NDA has trained more than 30000 cadets including nearly 700 cadets from friendly foreign countries. Various events such as passing out parades, VVIPs and foreign dignitaries' visits, many other training, sports and cultural events take place every year. All these events are documented/photographed / videographed. Apart from these, various publications/magazines/training calendars etc. are published from time to time. Record of details of the cadets in the form e-dossiers and their academic information are also maintained. The plan is to digitally archive all the data, documents, e-dossiers, videos, photos, publications, magazines, training calendars available upto the period of December 31, 2012.Lt Gen Jatinder Singh, Commandant NDA has initiated the project, The plan envisages scanning and digitalization of various publications, magazines, training g Calendars, digitalization of videos and sounds and storing, indexing and retrieving the data through specific archival web portal designed and integrated with the existing web portal of NDA.\"It is an enormous task. But we plan to set this in place soon. The aim of this solution is to enhance and address the issue of preserving our treasured history for posterity .It would also provide structured storage by properly organizing the documents storage thus saving storage space and manage records easily,\" Singh said, adding, \"Digitization would prevent loss of records and duplication, enable search of documents quickly and thus help create efficiency amongst the work force by providing simultaneous access on documents and easy dissemination of information.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110451", "title": "GAIL to invest Rs 11,000 crore on gas distribution in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Gas Authority of India Limited (GAIL) has decided to invest Rs 11,000 crore towards gas distribution in Uttar Pradesh. The decision was announced in a meeting between chief secretary Jawed Usmani and GAIL finance director PK Jain on Wednesday.The proposed GAIL investment includes Rs 1,500 crore for a 200km pipeline by Jaiprakash Hydo-Power Limited, Rs 8,000 crore for expanding capacity of a petrochemical plant from 4.1 to 9 lakh tonnes per annum at Auraiya and gas pipeline coverage in 10 more districts of the state. In Wednesday's meeting, GAIL also said it would invest Rs 1,500 crore for implementing the city gas distribution (CGD) network in 30 geographical areas. Gas through these pipelines, Jain said, is proposed to be supplied to two fertiliser plants, one power plant and industrial clusters. Till March 2012, GAIL's total investment in the state was pegged at Rs 18,000 crore with gas pipeline network measuring about 1,828km in 22 districts. Eleven cities have been covered for CGD.In the meeting with GAIL officials, Usmani, while acknowledging that natural gas was going to be an important contributor in ensuring energy security, said availability of natural gas was linked to industrial and economic development.Usmani added that the government would cooperate with GAIL in developing natural gas infrastructure in UP. The chief secretary also asked GAIL officials to submit a list of department-wise issues where the Central PSU needed state assistance. The detailed list, once readied, will be submitted with the department of infrastructure and industrial development.Apart from seeking state government support for relaxation in taxes and duties, development and strengthening of roads, canal water from irrigation department, GAIL officials also said they would consider infrastructure and industrial development commissioner AK Gupta's suggestion to examine the possibility of building a gas network across the state in alignment with already existing industrial hubs and clusters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108702", "title": "Man held for kidnapping child in April", "text": "CHENNAI: The central crime branch (CCB) nabbed a child kidnapper, Kumarapandian, 35, from Washermenpet on Tuesday. In April, Kumarapandian escaped custody and had been elusive since then.Kumarapandian was earlier arrested near the Broadway bus terminus along with a two-year-old child, he had kidnapped. The case was transferred to CCB but Kumarapandian escaped from custody at Thousand Lights.The CCB could not trace Kumarapandian. Earlier this week, an informer had told police that he had seen Kumarapandian near Washermenpet. Kumarapandian was arrested, while he visited a dhobi to collect his clothes. He had tonsured his head to cover his identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107508", "title": "Metro diggers find Mughal mosque?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Has a long-lost Shahjahan-era Mughal mosque been found by Delhi Metro diggers? That's what chief minister Sheila Dikshit wants the Archaeological Survey of India to confirm. And her apprehensions are justified as locals have claimed that diggers have unearthed remains of the 17th century Akbarabadi Masjid \u2014 a claim that DMRC has denied.The CM held a meeting with senior officers of DMRC, chief secretary P K Tripathi and Matia Mahal MLA Shoaib Iqbal on Wednesday. \"We cannot hurt anyone's feelings. As ASI is the expert on the subject we will request them to confirm it. DMRC will then take action in accordance with ASI findings,\" Dikshit told TOI.A senior government officer said ASI experts have been asked to be present at the digging site to ensure that if there are any mosque ruins, those are protected. \"No one can deny a mosque stood there and was demolished later,\" said the officer. The mosque was constructed by Shah Jahan's wife Akbarabadi Begum and was situated in the Netaji Subhash Park area near Jama Masjid. But the British demolished it after the Revolt of 1857.Iqbal made a presentation to the CM and requested that the site be handed over to ASI and other agencies for further exploration and restoration of the mosque. He also asked the government to tell DMRC to stop work at the site.Conservationists had earlier raised concerns about the location of Jama Masjid Metro station as it was close to the place where the mosque once stood. Archaeology experts had also said DMRC's excavation would ruin all archaeological evidence of the mosque. Plans to excavate the remains of the mosque and bring it to the surface were initially part of MCD's Jama Masjid redevelopment plan. But the plan never took off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14106127", "title": "Basheer's bluster is in a League of its own", "text": "KOZHIKODE: P K Basheer, MLA from Ernad, with his muscle-flexing brand of politics and penchant for macho talk, has once again landed the IUML in hot water. In a speech on June 3, organised to hand over relief to the family of Atheeq Rehman who was killed on January 6, Basheer stated provocatively that the party will not remain a mute spectator when its members are murdered.With this statement, the League MLA has put the UDF on the defensive and provided ammunition to the CPM at a time when the latter is in the dock for political murders and is seeking to restrain its own leaders who talk more and think less. Basheer, son of top IUML leader late P Seethi Haji, is no stranger to controversy. He had in a speech in 2008 issued open threats against the witnesses in the murder of James Augustine , a school teacher, who died during the blockade organised by the Youth League against the cluster meeting of teachers held at Kizhisseri. The allegation was that he died after being kicked on the chest by Youth League workers.\"If anyone appears before the court to give statements in this case, then he won't come back alive,\" Basheer told a public meeting at Kizhisseri in December 2008. Edavanna police registered a case against him, but it was withdrawn in January 2012 after the UDF government came to power. Though the IUML has refrained from publicly condemning the police decision to book the party MLA, the party leadership has let known its strong disapproval against the hasty way in which the police slapped a case against Basheer. Many party leaders privately feel that Basheer should have behaved in a mature manner and should have refrained from making such a speech. \"At least he should have borne in mind the recent case of CPM leader M M Mani and what damage loose talk can do to the party,\" a senior leader said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119520", "title": "Do what you love and love what you do: Mahirwan Mamtani", "text": "Mahirwan Mamtani, who was born in Sindh ( Pakistan ) but grew up in India, is painter, graphic and multimedia artist. Mahirwan Mamtani's golden moment came when he was awarded DAAD (German Academy of Exchange Service) scholarship to study painting in Munich in the year 1966. Since then, he lives and works in Munich.In this interview given on e-mail, he shared some of the moments of his life, situation of art in India and some inspiring note to the youth.Q: What brought you into the field of art?A: From childhood, I had an inclination to draw and paint. For me it is a natural inner necessity to express myself through art.Q: According to your statement, 'We are constantly wearing our masks and play different roles. We are changing but not removing our masks', Can you elaborate more on it in context of life of a human being?A: Yes , this statement was in connection with our human condition that we are ever busy on putting different masks (emotions) and play different roles like on the theatre stage. There is much more hidden under the mask. If we become aware, then we see our true self behind the mask, the observer!Q: A very famous quote says 'love has no language and music needs no borders'. Does the same hold true for your work also, considering you lived and worked in different cultures?A: There is a tendency everywhere in the world to understand art. Art may not be understood but perceived/felt inside like music. Unfortunately, we put art in drawers/compartments/borders and try to label it when we do not understand! My personal work when not understood is sometimes labeled as \"must be Indian\"!Q: What do you have to say about your Indian roots? Did it help you to achieve the position you have today and how?A: My Indian roots have some deep spiritual connection. In Germany in the 70s, I worked under the influence of \"Constructivism\", meeting of four circles - mandala form and I called it \"Centrovision\". In the 70s and 80s I was included among the \"Neo-Tantra Art\" group in India and we had several exhibitions in Germany and USA curated by Dr. L.P. Sihare, the then director of the National Gallery of Modern Art, New Delhi.Q: What challenges did you face in your early life?A: I was born in Sindh. At the age of 12, due to the partition of India in 1947, we had to leave everything behind and came to Delhi. It was a question of survival. My school education was disturbed. Lying on sick-bed, I had to study by myself. Being the eldest, I had to earn money at the age of 16 for our big family of 8 members. I had several jobs and side by side studied in the evenings. I first obtained Bachelor's degree and then the national diploma in art.Q: How did you overcome them and do you have any inspiring note for youngsters who are feeling stressed with today's fast moving life?A: My studies in art gave me an inner push to be creative. There was also competition at my time but personally my attitude was to accept all challenges and focus my energy only on one thing at a time and resolve it. If possible, one should avoid comparing with others.Q: With a massive influx of technology in our day-to-day life, do you think that people today are getting distracted from the original art work?A: Technology of internet brings information about art and artists nearer to people. Not only in museums, but also people now have more possibilities to visit art exhibitions, studios of the artists to enjoy the original works. We have to give some time for people to learn and develop the taste for art.Q: What qualities a person should possess to become a good artist?A: He needs to have command over his vision, passion and technique.Q: Looking at most of the work done by you, one can say that you are deeply influenced by spirituality. What do you have to say about this? Does every artist have some kind of spiritual soul inside him?A: Everyone has inner spiritual connection. But there are several levels of consciousness - from person to person only the degree varies. Personally, I read books, learnt various techniques of meditation, which helped broaden my understanding of spiritual life. My spiritual experiences are transported into my art automatically, very simple.Q: Do you think that the art can be taught in schools, universities?A: Everywhere in the world, art teaching in normal schools is the last priority. There are only a few good private public schools who emphasize the integration of arts in their education system. For that Krishnamurti in India or Rudolf Steiner schools are the best examples in the world where children are taught arts of painting, music and dance.One can only teach techniques in art schools or art colleges at the universities. But to become a good artist, technique alone is not enough!Q: In India, art is not given so much importance comparing to other streams of education at present. Do you think it is bad? What can be done to improve it?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107434", "title": "Tour operator held with leopard hide", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 34-year-old man, who works as a tour operator, was arrested in the capital for allegedly trying to sell two leopard hides worth around Rs10 lakh in the market.The accused Vimal Kishore was apprehended from Gandhi Nagar area on Tuesday on a tip off that a person dealing in leopard hide will be coming there, Sanjay Kumar Jain, DCP (Crime), said.Police believe the hides were of two leopard which were recently killed in the jungles near Almora, Uttarakhand. The case and the recovery has been subsequently transferred to the Wildlife Crime Control Bureau .\"We received a tip off from a potential customer who said that a deal was soon to be stuck with some foreigners staying at a Paharganj hotel,\" said additional DCP (crime and railways) Sanjay Bhatia.Kishore, a graduate who also works as a taxi driver, told police that he keeps on visiting Kumaon region of Uttarakhand. \"In Kumaon he came in contact with one Mahen who is involved in killing of wild animals and selling of their hides. Mahen told Kishore that these two skins may be sold for lakhs in Delhi. Kishore was lured into this trade,\" Jain said.A case under appropriate sections of Wild Life Act has been registered.Earlier, a 22-year-old boxing coach from Himachal Pradesh has been arrested by the Delhi Police for poaching endangered species of animals. Police had also recovered three leopard hides from his possession priced at more than 9 lakh. Sources believe that members from Sansar Chand's gang might have become active yet again in the Uttarakhand region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14122219", "title": "Prisoners' hunger strike pushes Palestine to the edge", "text": "NEW DELHI: He has been on hunger strike for the past 89 days protesting detention without trial for 3 years. He has lost more than a third of his body weight. He has not been allowed to meet his family. As he slips in and out of consciousness, 25 year old Mahmoud Sarsak is on the edge of death which could unleash fresh unrest and protests in Palestine.A member of the Palestine national football team, Sarsak was arrested as he left Gaza to play a match in the West Bank. He presented himself at the Israeli military checkpost with legal papers on 22 July 2009 for entering West Bank but found himself detained under the &quot;Unlawful Combatants Act\" under which persons can be detained for 6 months at a time with provision for renewal of detention after presenting before a magistrate.Israeli government is claiming that Sarsak is associated with terrorists and refuses to hold a trial claiming that it would expose its sources to terrorist attacks.A recent report by Amnesty International said the practice \"contravenes Israel's obligations under international human-rights law and international humanitarian law.\" The report said that as of April this year, Israel was holding 308 Palestinians in \"administrative detention,\" Israel's term for the measure, including 24 members of the Palestinian Legislative Council.Heidi Boghosian of the New York based National Lawyers Guild wrote to Secretary of State, Hillary Rodham Clinton, 21st May 2012 saying that the whole basis of administrative detention \"is practiced by Israel in an unlawful way.\"Two other Palestinians prisoners are on hunger strike and their condition too is fast deteriorating. They are Akram Rikhawi, currently on his 56th day of hunger strike, and Samer Al-Barq, on strike for 52 days.All Palestinian \"administrative detainees\", as those in Israeli jails without trial are official labeled, went on a mass hunger strike from 17 April to 14 May demanding an end to 6 monthly renewal of their detention. They broke the strike after a deal was struck with the Israeli Prison Services officials who assured that their detention would end soon.Analysts fear that if Sarsak and his colleagues were to die, widespread protests would engulf West Bank and Gaza, inflaming an already restive people.\"I think there would be lots of anger and of course people would go out to the streets for demonstrations,\" says Sahar Francis, a lawyer who runs the Palestinian prisoner support group, Addameer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107870", "title": "Gujarat Common Entrance Test for MBA, MCA begins today", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat Common Entrance Test (GCET) for admission to MBA and MCA colleges will begin from Thursday. The exam will be held in two phases - June 14-16, and June 18-20. There are 132 MBA colleges in the state with 13,185 seats.On the other hand, there are 82 MCA colleges with 6,670 seats. There are 13,623 students who have applied for admission to MBA, while 7,677 students have applied for MCA. The number of students who have applied for appearing in GCET for both MBA and MCA courses is 1,733. Officials said that the total number of students who will appear for GCET is 22,868. The students have the option of taking the GCET twice so that their best score will be used for admission. However, 183 students have applied to take GCET only once.There are 23 centres for GCET exam. Ahmedabad has four centres - LJ College of Engineering, Nirma Institute of Technology, Som Lalit College of Engineering, and Indus College of Engineering. The students have been administered mock test to acclimatize them with the online exam. Students will appear for GCET to be held in three sittings - from 9am to 11am, from 1pm to 3pm, and from 5pm to 7pm. The students will be given their scores immediately after appearing for the exam in the form of printed score card with their picture. This year, 12 MBA colleges closed down while four new colleges were opened. In MCA, two colleges were closed down while eight new colleges have opened for admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14106132", "title": "Digvijaya likens Modi to demon king Ravana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After sympathizing with Sanjay Joshi following his \"forced\" exit from BJP , Congress leader Digvijaya Singh has likened Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi to demon king Ravan, asking him to shun vanity.\"If you see Ravan, he also had a good track record of development, he had made Lanka of gold. But what end he met (becapride and ego everybody knows,\" Digvijaya Singh said on a question of Modi being projected as 'Vikas Purush'.\"In the same way Modiji should somewhat understand these things,\" Singh said in Ahmedabad on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14110515", "title": "A fishy way to curb mosquito breeding", "text": "COIMBATORE: The health department plans to procure Gambusia fish and release them in water bodies to feed on mosquito larva and other forms of insects. It is a yearly exercise that is conducted in June and July to prevent the outbreak of endemic diseases in the district.The health department procures nearly 20,000 fish every year from the hatchery of fisheries department in Mettur and release them into the water tank or sump at home, said S Senthil Kumar, deputy director of health service.With the threat of mosquito-borne diseases looming large during the rainy season, this is an effective strategy to curb breeding of mosquitoes which lead to diseases such as Malaria and Dengue.The health wing breeds this fish in large numbers in the tank situated at the health service campus near Race Course Road. From here it is distributed to all the local bodies in the district. People can also collect the fish from the department and release them in their tanks. \"To begin with, we have asked our staff to cover a minimum of 500 houses every day in the North Zone,\" said Senthil Kumar.P Aruna, assistant chief health officer of the Coimbatore corporation said that the use of the Gambusia fish is a cost-effective way to control vector borne diseases. She said the corporation got nearly one lakh fish from the fisheries department last year and this year it will be supplied by the health service department.While individual households can get this fish variety through other hatcheries, she urged the apartments and residential complexes to follow this public health technique. Before releasing the fish into the water tank, a mesh must be installed to prevent the fish from being sucked in, she advised. This is especially helpful in cases where tanks are not cleaned often.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "14121929", "title": "Newborn goes missing from Shimoga hospital", "text": "SHIMOGA: District McGann Hospital is in news for wrong reasons. Close on the heels of two miscreants robbing a patient and her attendant of valuables, a new mother has complained against the missing of her newborn baby from the hospital. However, the baby was traced to a private hospital in the city on Wednesday night.According to Vidya, a native of Beladakate village, the hospital staff could not find her newborn baby in the neo-natal intensive care unit (NNIC) where the doctors had placed it. Vidya came to know of the incident after the nurse failed to get the baby from NNIC for feeding.The baby, born on June 8, was placed in NNIC as it had developed fever. In fact, the nurse countered Vidya, saying that she had not returned the baby to NNIC staff. Shocked, Vidya and her relatives complained the incident to the police.Last week, two miscreants, posing as doctors, complete with robes and stethoscopes, entered the hospital. On the pretext of examining patients, the duo went to a special ward and asked the attendant of patient Aruna, a native of Honnali taluk, to bring medical records. When she left, one of the miscreants allegedly cut Aruna's mangalsutra and covered the neck with a bedspread. When her attendant returned, they conned her to part with her gold chain too. They fled after sending the attended to fetch another medical record.When contacted, hospital's medical superintendent K Palakhsa said the two incidents have raised security concerns in the hospital. \"We will immediately install CCTVs, and heighten security in the hospital premises,\" he said, adding that police are investigating both the cases.According to Vidya, a native of Beladakate village, the hospital staff could not find her newborn baby, born on June 8, in the neo-natal intensive care unit where the doctors had placed it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14111534", "title": "Subhaan Allah: That was Mehdi", "text": "The artistic landscape of Mumbai joined common fans to mourn the passing of ghazal legend Mehdi Hassan on Wednesday. His voice, layered with soft gravel that rose from the sandy desert of his native Rajasthan, was equally expansive in its range.Mehdi sahib's visits to Mumbai had become less frequent over the years, and India's leading artistes who were privileged to know him fondly recalled their association with the legend.Parveen Sultana had landed at Mumbai airport from Chennai when she heard of his passing. \"Like me, Mehdi sahib belonged to the Kirana gharana but chose ghazal singing while I remained a classical vocalist,\" she said.\"We are losing our ghazal legends in a manner that is worrisome. First Jagjit Singh and now Mehdi Hassan.\" Another ghazal stalwart and singer Peenaz Masani's guru, Madhurani, was moved to eloquence. She said, \"The Farsi expression Subhaan Allah escapes my lips as I describe Mehdi Hassan's talent. His passing is a tremendous loss. Mehdi sahib often came visiting when he was in Mumbai. We would discuss how several clones had sprung up at the time, all wanting to sing the ghazal whether or not they knew anything of music or the Urdu language, because of his influence. A new generation of aspirants rose.\"\"Like Dilip Kumar spawned several Dilip Kumars, Mehdi Hassan sahib gave rise to several aspiring Mehdi Hassans,\" laughed lyricist Gulzar who also shared a close relationship. He says, \"We met through a common friend Gulshan Sabharwal who hosted him in Mumbai and grew close over time. Once he was singing at Shanmukhananda Hall, I had the opportunity to present him before the audience .\" As the Hindi film industry got wind of Gulzar's proximity to the legend, his fans gravitated like bees towards honey. \"That mad girl, Rekha, was completely crazy about him as was Rakheeji's friend Khatija who is a hairstylist with the industry,\" he says. \"They would never miss an opportunity to meet him.\"At the peak of TOI's Aman Ki Asha series, Gulzar composed a poem in his honour that goes: Ankhon ko visa nahin lagta, Sapnon ki sarhad koi nahin. Band aankhon se chala jata hoon roz milne Mehdi Hassan se .Hariharan feels torn between the Ustad's liberation from prolonged suffering and the permanence of his absence. \"I first met him in 1978 and kept in touch until the end. As for his music, you need not understand architecture to see that the Taj is breathtakingly beautiful,\" he says. \"That is what Mehdi sahib did for ghazal.\"Javed Akhtar says, \"The expression an era has ended is used like a cliche but it never suited an occasion better. The era that started with Mehdi sahib has ended with him today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14107235", "title": "HC quashes Gali's bail", "text": "HYDERABAD: Noting that black sheep are there in every field and that their presence should not undermine the fields they represent, Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the AP high court on Wednesday set aside the trial court order granting bail to Gali Janardhan Reddy, the prime accused in the illegal mining case.Concurring with the views expressed by CBI special counsel Ashok Bhan, who brought to the notice of the court the shocking sequence of events that culminated in the registration of an FIR against trial court judge T Pattabhirama Rao in what is being described as the cash-for-bail scam, the judge said that the order of the trial court had to go now. \"It cannot be sustained in view of the cash-for-bail allegations and the subsequent suspension of the trial court judge by the high court,\" Justice Govindarajulu said. \"Justice should not only be done, but should appear to have been done,\" he observed.It may be recalled that following allegations that Gali's illegal mining scam money reached Pattabhirama Rao as a quid pro quo for granting bail to him, the HC suspended him and ordered the registration of a criminal case against the judge and other accused who were parties to the alleged deal.Gali's counsel Rajeev Dhawan, while terming it as a shameful incident, told the court that the CBI spoke of the judge's involvement but had not shown any clinching evidence. Pointing towards the alleged involvement of Pattabhirama Rao's son in the deal, the counsel said that the 'son' could have struck the deal without the knowledge of the judge and proceeded to give a personal example by which he said he was reprimanded by his judge father for accepting a tiny gift pack from a known person when he was 13 years. To this, Justice Govindarajulu shot back, saying that Pattabhirama Rao's son is not a 13-year-old boy but a grown up man. \"And unlike Dhawan's childhood days, 13-year-old ones nowadays are smarter,\" the judge added sending the audience into splits.Justice Govindarajulu, however, gave liberty to Gali Janardhan Reddy to move the competent trial court, the principal special judge court for CBI cases, for bail on merits again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "14107173", "title": "Missing girl killed by father to save family 'honour' in Haryana", "text": "HISAR: Investigations on Wednesday revealed that a 22-year-old woman, who was reportedly missing from Hisar since June 5, was allegedly killed by her father and uncle for saving the family's 'honour'.On June 6, a day after Anju Rani of Barwala village went missing from her house, her mother Bala Devi committed suicide by hanging. Now, with the arrest of the girl's father Satbir Singh and his younger brother Baljeet for the murder of Rani, police have also started probing the suicide death of the mother.The police had registered a case of abetment to suicide against Rani and her boyfriend Leela Singh, also a resident of Barwala, following Devi's suicide on the complaint of Satbir.On Tuesday night, Rani's body was recovered from a canal in Hisar. Residents of ward number 16 of Barwala town, Rani, who had appeared in BA 1st year examination, and Leela Singh, a Class XII dropout, who works in a local shop, had been going around for over a year despite stiff opposition from the former's parents, said police officers.Satbir and Baljeet were held after police came to know that the girl had not eloped as alleged by her father. \"We summoned Satbir and during interrogation he confessed to strangulating Anju with the help of his brother. The two later threw the body in the canal,\" said inspector Ranbir Singh Saini, the SHO of Barwala police station. \"We are also trying to ascertain the truth behind Bala Devi's death,\" he added.This is the second case of honour killing in Haryana within a week. On June 8, a 17-year-old girl was strangulated allegedly by her father, who was angry with her for having a relationship with a boy in Ramnagar colony of Sonipat. Brijesh Singh, belonging to the rajput community, allegedly strangulated his daughter Shilpa when she was asleep in her room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14110334", "title": "Decline &amp; return of order", "text": "PATNA: In their moments of cynicism, Bihar denizens, burdened by their myriad skewed perceptions about the state of things at any point of time in the state, might have the feeling of angst on seeing or imagining Old Secretariat, since this is the place where CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , along with the top brass of the state bureaucracy, not only sit, but take decisions having a bearing on their fate.Yet, credit must go to CM Nitish that he took to refurbishing the look of Old Secretariat, both its interiors and exteriors, on a major scale after around a century of its existence. The same has been started in the three other secretariats - Vikas Bhawan or New Secretariat, along with Vishweshraiya Bhawan and allied buildings (including Technology Bhawan) near Punaichak on Bailey Road, and Sinchai Bhawan near Old Secretariat on Hardinge Road - whose buildings, by way of architectural style, are simply no match to the Old Secretariat building, as they are merely matchbox structures, with little given to, or left for, the imagination.As it is, beginning December 2005, the refurbishing of the CM's chamber and his guest room started in Old Secretariat, and the process has been extended to other rooms \u2014 the chamber of Modi, hall for Cabinet meeting, auditorium that has the facility for video conferencing, and other rooms and halls. \"Hangers on and uninvited visitors cannot enter their guest rooms. Nor can they cool their seats on the sofa there,\" said a secretariat employee.The floors of rooms and lobbies have been fitted with cream-colour glazing vitrified tiles, like it had been done in Krishi Bhawan, Shastri Bhawan and other such buildings and offices at the Centre (Delhi) in the liberalized era when officials were required to display their ID cards and adopt businesslike look, approach, style and work culture. The process has also been extended to other Secretariat buildings, and is almost nearing completion. As of now, even the halls where assistants used to sit amid files and almirahs have been renovated, and they are also being provided with AC fittings.That apart, the lobby and gallery of Old Secretariat have been lined with flower pots, while the job of cleaning the floors and keeping them shining have been outsourced to private organizations. The black maze of electric wires, which used to hang causing alarm among the onlookers, has been refitted.A flight of stairs fitted afresh with grey granite plates leads to the central lobby on the first floor, where portraits of the country's first President, Dr Rajendra Prasad, and first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, welcome the visitors on whose movements guards keep vigil, while unauthorized entrants are prevented from entering the campus by police guards at every gate outside, and also in the lobby, like it used to be in the colonial era.Incidentally, it was in the 15-year rule of the Lalu-Rabri era (1990-2005) that people came physically too close, and as a result, the real erosion of the four secretariats not only started, but also became manifest. While there were instances of manhandling of a few secretary-level official heads of department by the followers of Lalu-Rabri that included a few MPs, Lalu and Rabri themselves threw all caution and norm, including with regard to the treatment of senior officials, to the winds. Even Cabinet meeting would be for a period that was \"less than brief\" and they would attend to the files not in the Secretariat chamber meant for the CM, but at their official residences.\"Decline of the secretariats and actual denting of their respective aura started much before Lalu-Rabri came. The secretariats were deemed to be places where files did not move without the application of 'pairvi (influence)', grease money or graft,\" said an old hand at Old Secretariat, adding: \"It is also true that Lalu-Rabri rule did not see so much flow of money for development as it is today, but disorder in the corridors peaked during their rule. Now, a sense of order and norm has returned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14107395", "title": "Mom murders 6-yr-old boy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Blinded by passion for her paramour, a 30-year-old woman killed her own son in Venkatapuram near Alwal on Wednesday.The victim has been identified as six-year-old Andrews from West Venkatapuram. The boy's father, Dasarath alias David, is a cab driver while mother Manjula is a housewife.The couple have been married seven years and have two children.At about 11.30am, when Dasarath was out of the house, Manjula strangled Andrews with a coir rope. The incident came to light at about 4pm after Dasarath returned home. Soon neighbours came to know about the incident and police were alerted.According to Alwal inspector B Pushpan Kumar, the couple recently shifted to West Venkatapuram much against Manjula's wishes. She wanted to stay in Medchal, where her parents reside.Manjula had been putting pressure on Dasarath to shift to Medchal. A few days back, she went to Medchal and even paid advance rent for rooms without consulting Dasarath. \"We suspect that since Dasarath was not willing to shift to Medchal, Manjula killed their son. Dasarath told us that she had been threatening to do so for the past few days,\" the inspector said.Police said Manjula was having an affair with another man in Medchal and that was the reason behind her insisting on the shift back to Medchal.A case has been booked under section 302 ( murder) of the Indian Penal Code against Manjula who has been taken into police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111485", "title": "Maharashtra govt transfers over 80 senior police officers", "text": "MUMBAI: IPS officer Niket Kaushik, who was additional commissioner of police state ACB, is the new additional commissioner of police in the crime branch. He replaces Deven Bharti, who has been with the crime branch since last seven years as deputy commissioner and then as additional commissioner of police. Bharti will take over as the IG (law and order) in the state police. The state on Wednesday transferred over 80 senior police officers across Maharashtra.IG of police A K Sharma will head Navi Mumbai police, replacing Javed Ahmed, who will be additional DG Establishment.Additional director general (ADG) of police Gulabroa Pol, in charge of law and order of the state, will be the new Pune police commissioner, replacing Meeran Borwankar, who will be additional DG Jails. Additional commissioner of police (south region) Naval Bajaj has been shifted to Special Branch (SB). SP Krishna Prakash will replace him. Hemant Nagrale will be joint commissioner of police (administration) in place of SP Yadav, who has been moved to additional DG in CID. IG Parambir Singh, who was in Kokan range, has been moved to special IG VIP security. - S Ahmed AliOther transfers include BD More to additional DG Railways, Sukvindar Singh to IG Kokan, Anup Kumar Singh anti-Naxal operations (Nagpur),Vinit Agarwal state intelligence department, Sunil Ramanand SRPF Pune, Ramarao Pawar from Mumbai to Mhada (vigilance), Prem K Jain to special action group and Amitesh Kumar as additional commissioner of ATS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14122696", "title": "Cops nab psychotropic drugs dealer", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police on Tuesday arrested a 25-year-old from Kotwali area and seized a large amount of psychotropic drugs from him. The accused, Bhagwant Singh of Barnala district was nabbed near Raikhy Chowk and police recovered 2,000 Carisoma tablets, 750 capsules of Parvon spas and 190 bottles of Rexcof syrup from him.SHO, Kotwali, Surinder Mohan said they laid a naka near Raikhy chowk on Tuesday evening. \"Accused was coming from Clock Tower side carrying a bag. His activity looked suspicious so we checked his bag and found it full of psychotropic drugs. During interrogation Bhagwant said he used to buy drugs from Prince Medical Store in Pindi Street and distribute them in villages in Barnala district for more than printed value,\" said Surinder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14107217", "title": "From topper factory robots to industry misfit", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'What is this life so full of care...we have no time to stand and stare.' It won't be long before this old adage becomes the anthem of students being pounded in institutions that are churning out toppers year after year.Many students in Hyderabad are sucked into the grueling regime right from class seven, in a bid to secure a medicine seat or get into ace institutes like IIT. Their regular school hours range from 7.30 am to 7.30 pm, six days a week and on Sunday they get a measly half day off. Children are no longer terrified of exams as they have them almost every other day. Public holidays and vacations are absolutely unheard of an occasional days off are tagged study leaves, where students are expected to prepare for the next day's exam. Clubs, activity and games hours have all been replaced with study hours. With all possibilities of displaying co-curricular talent quashed, the all-round achiever has no place whatsoever in this academic rat race.\"My son is in college for twelve hours a day, he comes back home and starts studying again until he falls asleep. He was such a social person. He used to go for dance lessons and perform but he's stopped everything and only studies now,\" said V Padma, a city mom whose son goes to the \"intensive\" batch of one such private institution known in the city for springing toppers every result day. \"He missed one Sunday exam, and my husband and I were called to school and interrogated. They kept reminding us of how everything they do is for our children, so that they can get good ranks,\" she said.As they get closer to their exam dates, the children's coaching gets even more intensive. \"Four months before our exams we are made to come to school at five in the morning and get to leave only after ten at night. These two years of my life are a complete blur. I missed out on almost everything that I loved to do. Now I have to start finding a life outside of my books,\" said Manasvi Madhu, a student who has just completed her stint at of the city's leading topper factory.Students churned of the topper factories are so accustomed to functioning the way these institutes have maneuvered them to, that they lack many essential life skills, making them industry misfits. M V D S Prasad, the director of Sampoorna Computer People, often recruits fresh graduates into his organization and directly observes their inadequacy, which he attributes to their education regime.\"The quality of education in schools and colleges has thoroughly been compromised and we notice this in the people we recruit. They have poor interpersonal and communication skills and have lost the ability to think outside the box. The institutes they study in fails to acknowledge the importance of these aspects and don't provide adequate training in them,\" he said. He looks for maturity in the candidates he recruits. \"Maturity comes from exposure. We need professionals who have seen the other side of the world, someone who can see and think beyond books.\"Ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14118995", "title": "Wipro eyeing $50 million annual revenue from clients", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro has shortlisted 138 clients and identified them as 'high-growth' customers. \"Our target is to get an annual revenue of $50 million and more from each of these clients,\" Wipro's CEO for the IT business, T K Kurien, said at a recent analyst meet.The company currently has 943 clients of which 475 are in the $1 million and above revenue bracket while 7 are in the $100 million and above category. The selected 138 clients across verticals, clients and services are currently in the $20 million to $40 million range.Despite the drastic churn happening among vendors, Wipro is chasing a sizable jump in market share in the next 24 to 36 months, said the company. The management, according to analysts present at the event, is not unduly concerned about demand and cited that there are enough deals in the pipeline.\"However, as decision cycles are delayed by 40-45 days, the low conversion rate is hurting,\" reported brokerage house Motilal Oswal in a report.\"Wipro is witnessing pricing pressure in weaker segments like investment banking, but not at a scale that would become worrisome for the management.\" It, however, added that investment banking is still stressed, and regulatory spends are not expected to pick up in the near future in the US.Wipro's organizational restructuring in terms of workforce is complete, but alignment of capabilities is still underway, says Ashish Chopra at Motilal Oswal.\"We expect Wipro to grow its revenue at a CAGR of 15.3% and EPS at a CAGR of 16% over FY12-14. We believe risk-reward is favorable, given multiple levers to drive efficiency and growth, notwithstanding the near-term headwinds,\" said the analyst firm.Cloud computing penetration could drive revenue cannibalization in maintenance and parts of application development though Wipro has not yet witnessed such cannibalization, the company said at the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14122216", "title": "Congress, YSR Congress, TDP to hold strategy meetings today", "text": "HYDERABAD: All the three major parties, Congress, YSR Congress and TDP, whose immediate political future would depend on the outcome of the bypoll results slated to be announced on Friday, will hold strategy meetings later on Thursday.The mood in the YSR Congress is tense, as it is their future that would be the most impacted either for the better or for the worse depending on the number of seats they secure. In the Congress and the TDP, buoyed by the results predicted by some of the exit polls on Tuesday evening, there is optimism on the grounds that it could be a close contest and that they could secure a few seats, a confidence they did not have when the bypolls were announced.At the same time, there is apprehension in the ruling party and the leading opposition party over a possible exodus in the wake of Jaganmohan Reddy putting up an impressive performance. Most of the political leaders including chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and TDP president Chandrababu Naidu were pre-occupied with the wedding of Chiranjeevi's son and actor Ram Charan Tej on Thursday morning, and the informal meetings are slated for later in the day.Congress sources said that PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana has already entrusted his trusted aides the responsibility of being in touch with about 12 Congress MLAs who could go the Jagan way in case there is a YSR Congress sweep in the bypolls. Naidu too has deputed his leaders to keep a watch on four TDP MLAs and one MLC who could walk over to the Jagan camp.The YSR Congress leaders are slated to hold a meeting in the late afternoon in which party working president Vijayamma and daughter Sharmila will attend. The meeting will take place after some of the family members including Jagan's wife Bharati meets the leader who is lodged in Chanchalguda Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14117539", "title": "Shamin Desai's 'Rush' to release in October", "text": "Ayear after Shamin Desai passed away, his wife Priyanka and producers Percept Picture Company had revived the project left incomplete by the filmmaker. And finally, the project that Priyanka calls \"their labour of love\" is all set for release. Renamed Rush , the film that was earlier known as Raftaar 24x7 will now hit the theatres on October 26. Interestingly, this will also be Emraan Hashmi's first Eid release ( Bakri Eid).When contacted, Priyanka sounded happy. \"It is a big moment for everybody. It was very sweet of Emraan to give us those dates even on days when he was unwell. The release date has been worked out. This is Shamin's vision and he had shaped the project. I am sure he will be very happy to see his project materialise and hit the theatres,\" she told us.Lead actress Neha Dhupia shared similar feelings. \"The loss of a genius like Shamin is irreplaceable. I know he is watching us and hope we do him proud,\" said the actress.After Shamin passed away, the film got stuck. While many believed that the project has been shelved, his wife Priyanka worked hard to revive it. In April 2012, the Emraan Hashmi - Neha Dhupia starrer was revived. The actors, especially Emraan, who was now a more popular actor with a choc-a-bloc calendar, helped Priyanka complete the film. Three songs were shot in Goa and a few remaining portions were shot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14110485", "title": "Corporation takes GIS route to nail property tax evaders", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation has re-launched the Geographical Information System (GIS) project in its limits after the previous attempt a few months back failed miserably.The project, an attempt to make digital assessment of property tax payments and related data by providing a unique ID number for each property in the corporation limits, had failed in its initial attempts after majority of the entries compiled by a private company roped in to assist the corporation did not tally with the actual data.The exercise is now being conducted all over again in municipal ward no 38 near Peelamedu and a 10-member team will go door-to-door to collect property tax payment details from the residents. The exercise is expected to be completed in a week time, claimed officials.\"Only one out of the 2,300 entries collected in the exercise tallied with the actual data and the whole process is now being repeated all over again in one ward,\" corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy said.The GIS project was announced in three municipal corporations of Madurai, Coimbatore and Trichy and also in two municipalities of Gobichettippalayam and Rajapalayam in the state.The basic concept of the digital mapping exercise is to come up with a detailed map of the city with clear cut demarcations about the various roads and properties on it. It could also be utilised for city planning and development purposes.The corporation officials will be able to access the details about each individual structure in its limits using the unique property ID number after the implementation of the project.Various details including owners name and the tax payment records and whether there are any deviations from the approved building plan could be accessed from the digital map without conducting physical inspection.A satellite image of the area under the corporation limits is taken and onto which a base-frame is superimposed with detailed co-ordinates and demarcations of various physical properties and structures on it.Door-to-door enumeration is to be conducted and the details about property tax payments and about the structures including the dimension and size of the buildings are taken and superimposed on the image. Each site will be demarcated as a parcel in the image but we have to conduct detailed field survey of the property to ensure the accuracy of the data, claimed officials.\"There might be four houses in a single compound so we have to be careful and tabulate the individual data and enter it without any errors,' said an official associated with the project.The city corporation is now using the GIS system implemented in Mysore as a framework and is replicating it here. Out of the 10-member team conducting the field survey, five have been deputed by the corporation. The GIS mapping in Coimbatore is being conducted by Tata Consultancy Services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108720", "title": "RTI to shed more light for blind with replies in Braille", "text": "CHENNAI: The blind in the state can now get replies to their queries under the Right to Information (RTI) Act in Braille, thanks to an initiative of the state information commission with help from the National Institute for the Visually Handicapped.State information commissioner K S Sripathi said the programme, being done for the first time in the country, \"Is expected to help more than seven lakh visually challenged people in the state.\" He said, \"We have taken up the initiative following various requests from visually challenged persons across the state.\"Every time the information commission receives a RTI application seeking information in Braille, the commission will prepare a reply in the printed format and forward it to the National Institute for the Visually Handicapped, where it will be converted into Braille. For each page of information, the application will be charged 1. \"Initially, we planned to provide copies in Braille without any fee but financial constraints are not allowing us to provide information for free,\" said Sripathi.National Institute for the Visually Handicapped regional director I Arivanandham said there were very glad to be associated with the project. The \"RTI has emerged as a great tool for citizens. Providing information through Braille will help visually challenged people fight for their cause. We are trying to convert the printed format into Braille as early as possible,\" he said.Welcoming the move, Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation vice-president T M N Deepak said, \"many government departments are not disabled friendly. According to the 2001 census, there are around seven lakh visually challenged people in the state.\" He said other government departments should follow this model. \"The information commission is only an appellate authority. Other government departments should follow this model to provide information. Many foreign countries have made their official documents in Braille script.\"C Govinda Krishnan of Nethrodaya, an NGO that works for the blind , said this would help blind people read RTIs without depending on others. \"It will motive them to file more RTI applications.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111251", "title": "27-yr-old security guard clears SSC", "text": "NAGPUR: There are innumerable kids in the city who celebrated their SSC results with joy, relief and satisfaction on Wednesday. For five-year-old Sanskruti Thakur, it also was a proud moment. Her father, Santosh, a 27-year-old security guard appeared for SSC exams and passed with 44%. This was his fourth attempt, last being in 2006.Said Santosh, \"after my father's death I was eligible for his job as a dependent. They did not hire me because I was not a 10th pass. That is when I realized the importance of studies.\" With a family that includes his wife and daughter Sanskruti, it was not easy to manage studies with everything else. \"I used to study in the night shift. It was difficult to get back to studies after such a long gap. I am thankful to my wife Sweetie for her support,\" he said.\"I am very proud of my husband. With his responsibilities and work pressure he still managed to passed, I am very content with the fact. He has set an example for me as well as our child. I am also inspired to continue with my studies,\" said Sweetie Thakur. \"I plan to continue with my studies and be a graduate,\" Santosh told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14125373", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee telephones Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Amidst the flurry of political activities in Delhi over selection of the Presidential nominee, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee, whose name has been reported to be Congress' first choice as candidate, today telephoned former West Bengal chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee.\"Pranab Mukherjee telephoned Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee this morning from Delhi\", CPI(M) sources told PTI.It was, however, not known what transpired between Mukherjee and Bhattacharjee, a senior member of CPI(M) politburo.The sources said, the issue of the Presidential election might have figured given the political situation when SP leader Mulayam Singh Yadav and Trinamool Congress supremo Mamata Banerjee have virtually rejected Congress president Sonia Gandhi's two choices and announced three names instead for the highest Constitutional post.CPI(M) Politburo member Brinda Karat has termed as 'unprecedented' the proposal mooted by Yadav and Banerjee to make Prime Minister Manmohan Singh a candidate for the Presidential poll, saying it showed lack of principles in the UPA coalition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14120505", "title": "Pakistan SC adjourns contempt proceedings against Malik Riaz Hussain", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's Supreme Court today adjourned contempt proceedings against a real estate tycoon at the centre of a corruption scandal involving Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry's son after the businessman sought time to hire a lawyer.A three-judge bench led by Justice Mian Shakirullah Jan adjourned the matter till June 21 when tycoon Malik Riaz Hussain told the court he needed time to engage a counsel.The bench rejected a petition's demand for Hussain's name to be included in the Exit Control List so that he could not travel out of the country, saying his behaviour did not indicate that he would \"run away\".The bench barred Hussain from speaking to the media until the contempt of court case is decided. The businessman left the Supreme Court complex without speaking to journalists.The bench yesterday initiated suo motu contempt proceedings against Hussain after he levelled several allegations against the Chief Justice.The bench issued him a show cause notice and directed him to personally appear in court today.In a short order, the bench said Hussain's remarks at a news conference on Tuesday had ridiculed, scandalised, insulted and maligned the judiciary.The remarks were an attempt to spread hatred against judges and to undermine the authority of judiciary, the bench said.The bench clubbed the suo motu case with a petition filed by a lawyer named Ashraf Gujjar, who asked the apex court to launch contempt of court proceedings against the tycoon.An unscheduled meeting of the judges of the apex court yesterday took notice of allegations levelled against Chief Justice Iftikhar Chaudhry by the tycoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111301", "title": "Tuitions are must for getting good marks", "text": "NAGPUR: This bubbly girl from Amravati, who is likely second Vidarbha topper, loves to read books of PL Deshpande and Vishwas Patil. She is a student of Narayandas Laddhad School. She used to study five hours throughout the year. For getting good marks, she said tuitions are must. Gauri don't like movies and used to watch the television for few hours. She, however, liked Amir Khan's 'Three Idiots'. She also has the hobby of reading and writing. She gives credit of her success to her parents and teachers. She was inspired by personality of Sadashivrao during Panipat battle. Her father works as pharmaceutical dealer. Her parents now reside at Nagpur for the business, but Gauri stays at Amravati with her uncle. She aims to pursue career in software engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14109623", "title": "5-party left combine's dharna on June 15", "text": "PATNA: The five-party Left combine in the state served a notice to the state government on Wednesday, asking it to challenge the Patna high court order of acquittal of accused of the Bathani Tola massacre in the Supreme Court. It also condemned the alleged indifference of the government on several matters, including instances of police firing in different parts of the state in last one year.To press for their demands, the representatives of the five-party Left combine also announced a statewide dharna at all the district headquarters on June 15. Addressing press conference, CPI (ML) central committee member Dhirendra Kumar Jha demanded a CBI inquiry into the alleged political patronage given to Ranvir Sena, claiming the state government had recommended a CBI investigation into the killing of its founder Brahmeshwar Singh, but had left the related issues untouched.Jha informed the next kin of the deceased killed in police firing at Forbesganj and Aurangabad would participate in the day-long dharna at their respective headquarters.Demanding a CBI inquiry into the Amausi massacre of Khagaria district, Jha said the state government had recommended CBI investigation into the killing of the BJP MLA Raj Kishore Kesari at Purnia in what came to be known as the Rupam Pathak case, but the CBI probe recommendation was partial, as the country's premier agency was not given the task to look into the charges of rape and sexual abuse suffered by her.Jha claimed large scale irregularities in the purchase of uninhabitable land to be allotted to Mahadalit families in Araria and Nalanda districts. \"The Left demands a high-level probe into these irregularities,\" Jha added.The combine also sought the dismissal of health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey for his \"criminal neglect\" of children suffering from encephalitis, which had resulted in the deaths of more than 100 children.Those who addressed the joint press conference included CPI state secretary Rajendra Prasad Singh, CPM state secretary Vijay Kant Thakur, Socialist Unity Centre of India ( SUCI) state secretary Arun Kumar Singh and state Forward Bloc head America Mahto apart from Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14106647", "title": "Pay Re 1 to keep your school clean", "text": "KOCHI: From this academic year, government school students in Ernakulam district will shell out one rupee every month to contribute towards maintaining hygiene.The money collected will be used to provide soaps in school toilets, nail cutter and other such items that will improve the sanitation level.The pilot project will be launched in 26 government schools in the district.Coordinator of the district sanitation committee PK Alex said, \"We have asked school authorities to keep a box in the classroom, where children can donate Re 1 every month. However, it is not compulsory for students to contribute the amount. Some schools are following this procedure and buying items to improve the sanitation standards with the money collected. Our aim is to instill a sense of proper cleanliness in schools.\"The aim is to make them model schools in sanitation by having neat toilets, clean classrooms and neat premises. Under the scheme, the district sanitation committee coordinates with the school's parent teachers association (PTA), alumni students associations and local representatives.\"Under the pilot project, one government school in each panchayat is selected. Schools which have poor sanitation are selected and now efforts are on to improve their condition. Our goal is to ensure that these schools achieve total sanitation\", said Alex. The schools are also given Rs 35,000 to Rs 50,000 by the sanitation committee. PTAs have welcomed the move. \"We have finished painting in our school under the scheme. It is a good initiative to improve sanitation. The decision to take Re 1 per student, per month for this purpose is a welcome move\", said PTA president of panchayat UPS, Maruthur, Benny Vattikankan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14122326", "title": "If Congress proposes Pranab Mukherjee's name, then there will be a contest: TMC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hitting back at the Congress, Trinamool Congress said it had not gone out of decorum. Further, TMC said if Congress proposes Pranab's name, then there will be a contest.Meanwhile, Samajwadi spokesperson Shahid Siddiqui said the party has not rejected any name for the post of President.Earlier, senior minister Ambika Soni accused the West Bengal chief minister of political and ethical irresponsibility. The Congress rejected the names of former President APJ Abdul Kalam , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and CPM leader Somnath Chatterjee for President's post, taking a tough stand against the new bloc of Mamata Banerjee and Mulayam Singh Yadav .Samjwadi Party and Trinamool Congress party had suggested three names on Wednesday. TMC chief and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee had said Congress chief told her Pranab Mukherjee and Hamid Ansari were Congress choice for the top job, indicating the Congress preferences had been rejected.AICC general secretary Janardan Dwivedi also snubbed Mamata by saying it was against political decorum to make public what was discussed between allies.There are indications that congress would again consult the allies, which may include Samajwadi Party . The tough stand against Mamata shows a readiness to confront the TMC. While Congress was stunned by the developments on Wednesday, it has begun to come out with its options.A senior leader said the party had not finalized any name for the top job, else the party would not have given two names to Mamata Banerjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14106649", "title": "HC records aged petitioner's statement over webcam in property dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a first, the Delhi high court has utilized web conferencing to record an 83-year-old woman's statement to adjudicate her property dispute with her brother-in-law, pending for over two decades.The court of Joint Registrar Girish Kathpalia used web conferencing technology to record Mumbai resident Vimla Monga's statement on June 1 after her repeated failure to appear in the court due to old age.Vimla, who lives in Mumbai with her daughter, is embroiled in a property dispute with her late husband's relatives for a property in Defence Colony here. A civil suit in this case has been pending since 1990 before the court, which had earlier asked the Joint Registrar to record the evidence in the case.But due to Vimla's inability to appear in the court for recording of her statement and her cross examination, the counsel for both the parties had suggested that web conferencing could be utilized to record her statement.The online recording of testimony was done in the Joint Registrar's court room with the consent of the counsel for both parties after modalities were framed for it in March this year.The testimony of the witness was recorded in the court's computer and the print out was later signed by the counsel for the petitioner. To prevent tutoring of witnesses, the Joint Registrar ensured there was no one except Vimla's lawyer present in the room from where she deposed in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108646", "title": "\u2018Stop entry of priavte buses into residential areas\u2019", "text": "CHENNAI: Police officers allowing omni buses to illegally enter and park in residential areas in the city are in trouble, as the Madras high court has sought details of officers who fail to stop such vehicles.The first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam gave the directive on Tuesday, when a public interest writ petition filed by K Krishnamani of Acharappan Street in Parry's Corner came up for admission.\"The commissioner of police is to file an affidavit and to state as to what action has been taken against the traffic police officers, in whose jurisdiction omni buses and such vehicles are parked in violation of rules,\" the judges said. They then posted the PIL after two weeks for further hearing.In his petition, Krishnamani submitted that omni buses were entering the narrow lanes of Mannady and that several offices had been set up to stock up parcels and to sell tickets. \"Every day, from morning till midnight, many omni buses are coming to the bylanes of Mannady and parking the vehicles for many hours,\" he said, identifying areas such as Thambu Chetty Street, Lingi Chetty Street, Angappa Naicken Street, Second Line Beach, Jaffar Syrang Street and Narayana Samy Street as the most affected localities.Noting that the bus operators were using their offices in these narrow streets as originating point, he said scores of passengers assemble in these places every day and presence of large buses too obstructed free vehicular and pedestrian traffic in the area.This practice of using the residential area in the middle of the city as a permanent pickup area by omni buses is violation of a high court order delivered in December 2003, he said, adding that law enforcing authorities were keeping quiet because the bus operators were influential people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14119019", "title": "Graduation ceremony of NMAM institute of technology on June 16 in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Graduation ceremony of undergraduate second autonomous batch of engineering (2008-12), MTech (2010-12) and MCA (2009-12) of Nitte Mahalinga Adyanthaya Memorial Institute of Technology will be held on June 16 in the institute campus.N Vinaya Hegde, president, Nitte Education Trust and chancellor, Nitte University will presided over the function and felicitate the toppers with gold medal.TC Shivashankara Murthy, vice-chancellor, Mangalore University will deliver the graduation day address and distribute the certificates. During this occasion, 586 undergraduates and 156 post graduates in engineering will receive their degrees.Rank holders of various branches of engineering at the under-graduate level are: UG: Taskeen Salim Shedde (Biotechnology); Bhagyashree (Civil engineering); Swathi A Nayak (Computer Science engineering); Mehanaz (electronics and communication engineering); Swathi Hatwar H (electrical and electronics); KS Shwetha (information science engineering); U Vivek Shenoy (mechanical engineering).Post graduate: Deepa (Computer Science engineering); Jennifer Charlotte Saldanha ( Electronics and Communication engineering); Pushparaj A Naik (Civil engineering); Rashmi (mechincal engineering); and Chaitra Gautam Shetty (MCA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14121367", "title": "Aligarh Muslim University to modernise infrastructure", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely a month after he took over Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) vice chancellor Lt Gen Zameer Uddin Shah (retired) has put in place plans to modernise campus infrastucture.In a meeting with the HRD ministry recently, Shah asked for additional funds to augment capacity of the university's kitchens, hospital and an additional hostel for foreign students.Speaking to TOI Shah said, \"We have students from Africa, West Asia, Malaysia and other countries. They are about 300 in number and I felt that it would be appropriate to have a separate hostel for them.\"Shah also pointed out that the AMU hospital was functioning at a paltry Rs 2.1 crore a year. Large hospitals like AIIMS get funding to the tune of Rs 1124 crore a year. \"We have asked for Rs 12 crore to improve facilities at the hospital,\" Shah said.AMU's new VC also has plans to modernise the university kitchens along the lines of army kitchens with modern equipment for which Rs 38 lakh have been sanctioned by the HRD ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14118796", "title": "Hyderabad for kids: Topper factory robots to industry misfits", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'What is this life so full of care...we have no time to stand and stare.' It won't be long before this old adage becomes the anthem of students being pounded in institutions that are churning out toppers year after year. Many students in Hyderabad are sucked into the grueling regime right from class seven, in a bid to secure a medicine seat or get into ace institutes like IIT.Their regular school hours range from 7.30 am to 7.30 pm, six days a week and on Sunday they get a measly half day off. Children are no longer terrified of exams as they have them almost every other day. Public holidays and vacations are absolutely unheard of an occasional days off are tagged study leaves, where students are expected to prepare for the next day's exam. Clubs, activity and games hours have all been replaced with study hours. With all possibilities of displaying co-curricular talent quashed, the all-round achiever has no place whatsoever in this academic rat race. \"My son is in college for twelve hours a day, he comes back home and starts studying again until he falls asleep. He was such a social person. He used to go for dance lessons and perform but he's stopped everything and only studies now,\" said V Padma, a city mom whose son goes to the \"intensive\" batch of one such private institution known in the city for springing toppers every result day. \"He missed one Sunday exam, and my husband and I were called to school and interrogated. They kept reminding us of how everything they do is for our children, so that they can get good ranks,\" she said. As they get closer to their exam dates, the children's coaching gets even more intensive .\"Four months before our exams we are made to come to school at five in the morning and get to leave only after ten at night. These two years of my life are a complete blur. I missed out on almost everything that I loved to do. Now I have to start finding a life outside of my books,\" said Manasvi Madhu, a student who has just completed her stint at of the city's leading topper factory. Students churned of the topper factories are so accustomed to functioning the way these institutes have maneuvered them to, that they lack many essential life skills, making them industry misfits. M V D S Prasad, the director of Sampoorna Computer People, often recruits fresh graduates into his organization and directly observes their inadequacy , which he attributes to their education regime. \"The quality of education in schools and colleges has thoroughly been compromised and we notice this in the people we recruit. They have poor interpersonal and communication skills and have lost the ability to think outside the box. The institutes they study in fails to acknowledge the importance of these aspects and don't provide adequate training in them,\" he said. He looks for maturity in the candidates he recruits. \"Maturity comes from exposure. We need professionals who have seen the other side of the world, someone who can see and think beyond books.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14108806", "title": "Margao Municipal Council chief guns for tax evaders", "text": "MARGAO: Determined to shore up the coffers of the civic body, chairperson of the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) Arthur D'Silva has embarked on a novel idea to drag tax evaders into the dragnet.D'Silva has engaged videographers to take a footage of shops and commercial establishments doing brisk business in the city but have failed to obtain a trade license from the MMC. What's significant is that D'Silva has undertaken this exercise of surveying the tax evaders by using his personal finances.\"There will be several hundreds of shops, including showrooms of reputed companies that have evaded paying trade tax for several years. The videography will help us identify the tax evaders with clinching evidence,\" D'Silva said, adding that the survey will be completed in a few days.While the MMC has just 650 commercial establishments registered with it, the number of establishments plying their trade without the mandatory trade license could be several times more, sources said.\"If we manage to recover all the tax arrears while bringing more traders into the tax net, the council will be able to undertake many development projects on its own without relying on government funds,\" D'Silva told TOI.The MMC is also looking at bringing more traders into the tax bracket by processing applications afresh for trade licenses from establishments in the new market and the Gandhi market. The applications of many traders from these markets have been lying unprocessed at the MMC as most of the traders have illegally occupied the space in the market. The New Market Vyapari Sanghtna has urged the MMC to formulate a policy for issuing trade licenses for sopo paying units.As most of the traders in both the markets are sopo payers, the council stands to gain a handsome revenue if the existing sopo payers are granted trade licences. Incidentally, most of the sopo payers have stopped paying sopo fees to the MMC, thus depriving the council of one of its major sources of revenue. As per a conservative estimate, over 600 sopo payers ply their trade in both the markets. \"The arrears of sopo payers could itself work out to almost 50 lakh,\" a MMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111135", "title": "Preliminary exams by board helped a lot", "text": "NAGPUR: Rashmi Gawande of Bharat Vidyalaya, Akola, emerged as the girls topper in Vidarbha by scoring 98.55%. This honour was shared by Gauri Deshpande of Narayandas Laddhad School, Amravati, who also scored the same percentage.Rashmi said that the preliminary examinations conducted by her school helped a lot in the board exams as they provided a lot of practice. She also said that the teachers at her school paid special attention towards students which helped them perform well.The principal, staff and the management of the school have congratulated Rashmi for her achievement as not only the joint girls topper but also for securing an overall second position in Vidarbha. Rashmi says that she aspires to become an engineer in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14106196", "title": "Lost supper: Jan Ahar stalls to shut down", "text": "KOCHI: Jan Ahar stalls, which provided breakfast, lunch and dinner at dirt cheap rates, may finally close down after Indian Railways, which took over the catering service from the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) nearly two years ago, incurred heavy losses.The stalls, run by IRCTC, were introduced with much fanfare in 2009, and immediately became popular with daily commuters and long-distance travellers for providing quality food in the range of Rs 10 to Rs 35. But after complaints cropped up regarding food served in trains, Indian Railways started directly operating these stalls from 2010.According to Southern Railway officials, nearly 2,000 people used to buy food daily from the Jan Ahar stall at Ernakulam Jn alone.Not surprising, considering that a plate of Poori Masala used to cost only Rs 10.And almost all items in the menu were available 24/7 at these stalls.\"After the commercial department of the Indian Railways ignored the projects for almost a year, the Jan Ahar stalls are running at a huge loss. We have a no choice but to close them down. Railway officials are not interested in setting up an alternative scheme only for Kerala. We have asked private caterers to display price charts and are monitoring them to ensure that the passenger is not fleeced,\" a senior Railways official said.The IRCTC is also not interested in reviving the catering project.\"The catering services, including Jan Ahar stalls, were taken over by Railways from us in 2010. We have no role in the running these stalls, and we are not planning to start anything soon,\" said V Sreeram, southern regional director of IRCTC. Predictably, private caterers have lost no time in expanding their services and introducing inflated menus at all major stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "14119542", "title": "Two children electrocuted", "text": "PALANPUR: Two children of a school teacher were electrocuted as rains lashed Ambaji in Banaskantha district on Wednesday evening. Police said the incident happened when both the children were watching rains through the window of their house and a live wire fell on the iron bars that they were holding. The duo has been identified as Hari and Devu Joshi, students of class V and class III respectively. Their father teaches at Sanskrit Pathshala run by the temple trust. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112284", "title": "Golf Club\u2019s \u2018privileged supply\u2019 comes under scanner", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The water supplied to the elite Golf Club in the morning has become a bone of contention as the municipal corporation has sought a report on tertiary water being supplied to the Club in morning from councillor Harjinder Kaur.The MC's concern is that other green spaces in the city are irrigated only in the evening and the Golf Club should not be meted out an exclusive treatment.This issue was raised in the finance and contract committee (F&CC;) meeting of the MC. Committee member Harjinder Kaur will visit these parks on Thursday.The entire city gets 10 MGD tertiary water in the morning while the same amount of water is supplied to Golf Club alone just to please the elite officials of Punjab and Haryana who are the privileged members at Golf Club, says councillor Rajesh Kumar Gupta. \"This is injustice to general public who stay at other areas in city,\" says Gupta, who will inspect water supply in sectors 20 and 33 on Thursday.\"The Club is open to select members and shouldn't be given so much water in the morning. Sectors 31 to 38 are the worst affected areas as they are not getting water supply for parks and lawns in the morning,\" says Harjinder.President of the resident welfare association of Sector 35 Amarjeet Singh says the tertiary water supply is irregular or absent in the morning. \"We have adopted a park, but hardly get enough tertiary water to maintain it,\" says Major (retd) Karnail Singh of Sector 34.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14121743", "title": "Tusshar Kapoor shows faith in sex comedy", "text": "Actor Tusshar Kapoor, who is looking forward to his upcoming film, 'Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum', says his initial inhibitions over acceptability of the sex comedy have changed for better and reposed his faith in the evolving genre.After the success of 2005 comedy Kyaa Kool Hai Hum, actors Tusshar Kapoor and Riteish Deshmukh are back with the sequel, Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum. The duo will reprise their roles from the previous part.As Tusshar was little doubtful about the film, Kyaa Super Kool Hain Hum getting accepted by a set of audience for its 'bold' appeal, he organised a script reading session with a group of 50 and 60-year-olds.During the reading sessions, he got reviews like \"this doesn't look like a naughty comedy. It should have more comedy in it\".Taking the suggestions by face value, Tusshar convinced director Sachin Yardi to add some more 'spice' to the script and held the sessions once again with the group who liked the upgraded script.\"I was curious to know how the family audience in 2012 would accept a naughty comedy in Kyaa Kool Hai Hum space. Therefore we toned down the raunchiness and narrated to some couples, one version of the new KKHH. Surprisingly, most felt it was not as raunchy as the earlier one and it would be more apt to make it as naughty if not more,\" Tusshar said.\"Therefore we kept the original bolder version and had another narration which was hugely appreciated by these representative of family audience. It shows that over years a film in the space of KKHH has become palatable for diverse sections of the audience and this genre can now safely be termed as 'Kool',\" he said.Actors Neha Sharma and Sarah Jane Dias are new additions in the sequel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110803", "title": "Bomaby HC: Is NOC to SevenHills hospital being stalled?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday said it appeared that someone was stalling the grant of an unconditional no-objection certificate to SevenHills Health Care Private Limited (SHHPL) for transfer of its bank mortgage.A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition by SHHPL challenging notices by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to vacate the nearly seven acres allotted by it to run the super-specialty hospital in a public-private partnership. The BMC wants 20% of the hospital to run like a civic hospital. In November 2011, the HC had in an interim order told the BMC to grant an NOC.SHHPL counsel Venkatesh Dhond said the BMC had issued a revised 100-page NOC imposing conditions. He said the BMC had also stated that the NOC was subject to the petition's outcome. He said they wanted to transfer the account from Allahabad Bank to another bank. \"I want to move for better and more credit. Any banker is never going to agree on this basis,'' said Dhond. He informed the court that construction of a hospital building was hit due to lack of funds.Dhond said since the alliance with BMC was not working out due to political considerations, SHHPL even agreed to construct a separate building with full staff and hand it over to BMC. \"What is all this?'' Justice Bobde asked BMC advocate Ashutosh Kumbhakoni, adding that it may amount to contempt. But Kumbhakoni said the NOC was \"exactly in terms of the order\".\"It seems somebody does not want it to happen,'' said Justice Bobde. The matter will be heard on June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111484", "title": "'Myths prevent people from donating blood'", "text": "NAGPUR: According to World Health Organisation , India registered the highest growth in terms of voluntary blood donations during 2008. While this may be appreciable, the country still faces a huge deficit of blood. With voluntary donation being the only way to stock up on this all-important fluid, doctors have been urging more people to go in for blood donations as often as possible.A lot of blood donors, especially those who donate at regular basis, are youngsters. These young people have started marking special occasions in their lives with the noble act. A large number of donations are still done by family members of patients requiring blood as replacement.At any given time, more than 50% people in any population are eligible donors, however not even 5% are regular donors, informed Dr MM Kamal, president of Vidarbha Association of Pathologists and Microbiologists ( VAPM) and an associate professor at Government Medical College and Hospital. She attributes this trend to the many myths in the society about blood donation.\"It is not just a problem restricted to developing world, the shortage of blood is a worldwide. The awareness has increased the number of donors but the requirement is also rising continuously. We are trying to bridge the gap by breaking blood into its components so that every drop can be utilized optimally,\" said Dr DB Wani, chairperson of Maharashtra state chapter of Indian Society for Blood Transfusion and Immunohaematology. He believes fear has been replaced by apathy as the main reason for people not donating blood.\"A healthy person who meets all the eligibility criteria can donate up to four times a year. For 2011, Maharashtra had highest collection of donated blood in the country. Sadly, only 25% of patients in India who require transfusion has access to safe blood,\" said pathologist Dr Ashish Khandelwal. Since the only way to have adequate inventory in blood banks is through donation, there is dire need of more donors, he pointed out.The low number of women donors has always been a point of discussion but pathologist Dr Harish Warbhe justifies this. \"Most women in the country have low haemoglobin and weigh less,\" he said. The national deficit of blood stands at 40%, he said. \"This is highest in summer, especially between Republic Day and Independence Day when most educational institutes that are the biggest contributors to blood banks remain closed,\" he added.Blood transfusion officer at the blood bank of government-run Mayo hospital Dr Nuzhat Qureshi admitted that most donations in their bank were replacement by patients' kin. \"Sometimes, there are situations where certain blood groups are not available but we try our best to stock up adequately to be ready for any eventuality,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110761", "title": "Govinda Tower crash: Bombay HC tells Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority to be sensitive", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday lambasted the Maharashtra Housing and Area Development Authority (Mhada) for being 'insensitive' to the plight of survivors of the Govinda Tower crash. The seven-storeyed building had collapsed on August 3, 1998, killing 37 persons in Bandra (E).A division bench of Justices Sharad Bobde and Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by residents in 2001. The petition said although in 2004 the HC directed the building to be reconstructed by its hotelier-owner Dilip Datwani and builder Jairam Chawla in a ratio of 75:25, not a brick had been laid. They alleged that the duo sold out their share of the property to a new developer without court permission. The HC sent the matter for mediation to resolve differences on February 10, 2012.More than 82% occupants agreed to settle the issue and agreed to the developer. In the minutes of the consent terms signed, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) was directed to expeditiously approve plans and give permission for redevelopment. Mhada was directed to consider the development in accordance with development control regulation 33 (5)-2 C as it was an old proposal of the Mhada layout and as a special case, as the petitioners were victims of the building which collapsed and the survivors were homeless. But it was made clear that it will not be a precedent for other cases.Mhada opposed granting of permission for the building to be reconstructed as per old guidelines. \"It will have serious repercussions,'' said advocate P G Lad. He said the proposal will be processed under present guidelines DCR 33 (5) 2 C (1), which are on a sharing basis for grant of additional floor space index and not on premium. Mhada used to charge a premium for granting additional FSI, but now it is asking for a share in additional FSI.The judges wondered why it could not be considered as a special case. \"Be sensitive. Don't be insensitive as an authority. People have lost lives due to complete innocence. For years they are knocking on the court's doors,'' said Justice Bobde. Lad sought time, as he had received a copy of the minutes of the consent terms, and wanted to consider them. The judges will pass their order on Thursday.The grandson of an original petitioner wanted to intervene, saying he did not agree with the mediation report. \"Don't be an obstructionist. Do you realize that after how many years this has to come to an end?'' asked Justice Bobde, refusing to hear him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109335", "title": "Kakkad-Tikku murders: Cops give clean chit to Simran", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has given a clean chit to Simran Sood in two murder cases in which her husband Vijay Palande is the main accused. Palande had allegedly killed Delhi- businessman Arunkumar Tikku and aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkad. The police will now discharge Simran in the two murder cases and pursue other charges-cheating and forgery-under the Indian Passport Act against her.Simran had allegedly submitted wrong name and address while applying for her passport in Delhi. She is also accused of trying to mislead Tikku's son Anuj and sharebroker Gautam Vora by pretending to be Palande's sister.The passport was issued from Delhi in 2010. \"Simran told us she married Palande in 2010. If that was the case then why did she list her marital status as single in her passport? Simran, Palande and his associate Dhananjay Shinde had given false information with the intention of misguiding and dodging investigating agencies,\" said an officer. The three frequently travelled to Thailand on tourist visas. While Palande had flown to Thailand on at least eight occasions, Simran went there five times and Shinde four times in the last four years. The police are probing the reason for their frequent visits to this country.Simran had used Kakkar's debit card, given to her by her husband, to shop in Bangkok after the aspiring producer's murder. The police claim she has several aliases, including Seema Surinderkumar Danoz and Simran Rajeev Sood. Her father is a former army man and she hails from Haryana.The police are now probing the possibility of Palande having committed a third murder following the discovery of a skull from Kumbharli ghat. The skull was recovered from a spot pointed out to the cops by Palande. Forensic reports concluded the skull was not Kakkad's.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14115183", "title": "Mehdi Hassan: Naughty as a child, humble as a legend", "text": "Ever since Mehdi Hassan was admitted to a Karachi clinic for treatment several months ago, people at his birthplace \u2014 Luna in Rajasthan's Jhunjhunu district \u2014 had been praying for his recovery.The singer's death on Wednesday plunged the village into grief. Childhood friends regretted that despite the state government's initiatives, Hassan couldn't spend his last days in Rajasthan. Narayan Singh Shekhawat, 90, remembers Hassan's visit to Luna several years ago: \" Maharey saage roti khaayi aur bachpan ki khoob bataan kari (He ate with us and recounted childhood stories).\"When news of his death reached the village, Shekhawat was at the local Ramnath Temple. \"I had been praying for his recovery,\" he says. Remembering the days when Mehdi used to play with his pals, Shekhawat says: \" Hasaniyo bolo badmash ho. Manney teeba se patak diya karto ho (Hassan was naughty and used to throw me from the sand dunes). Hassan visited the Pink City in September 2000 when he came to perform for an event organised by the Dharam Sajjan Trust.\"At that time, he visited Luna,\" says Ajay Chopra of the trust. Another friend, Jaman Singh, remembers him as a humble man. \"When he came to perform at Jaipur's Albert Hall , he took out time and spent two days with us. We had presumed that an eminent singer like him would be arrogant, but when he met us he spoke in our dialect.\"Ashish Mehta", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "14122479", "title": "Evidence against Krishna in Aug: Hiremath", "text": "DHARWAD: Samaj Parivartan Samudaya, which has taken up cudgels against illegal mining in Karnataka will produce to the Supreme Court on August 3 the relevant documents pertaining to illegal mining that has allegedly taken place during SM Krishna's tenure as the chief minister of Karnataka.SPS member SR Hiremath said illegal mining that was carried out during Krishna's regime was no less than what was done by G Janardhana Reddy during the BJP rule. Krishna is as guilty as BS Yeddyurappa as far as illegal mining is concerned and he should be brought to book, Hiremath asserted.Speaking at an interaction session on mining organized at Alur Bhavan here on Wednesday by the Centre for Development Studies, Hiremath said former minister DK Shivakumar will also face the trial by the court of law as the SPS will present relevant documents to prove his involvement in illegal mining.The SPS has all these years collected evidences pertaining to illegal mining and has produced before the Central Empowered Committee (CEC), which is likely to submit its report to the apex court in July, he added.Hiremath said in order to amass wealth and loot the natural resources, DK Shivakumar had taken support of corrupt officials and had caused huge loss to the state exchequer. \"It is a matter of shame that the Centre is maintaining silence over illegal mining carried out during Congress rule in Karnataka. The SPS will not leave any corrupt official or elected representative involved in illegal mining. We will make them face the music,\" he said. Hiremath said he will also expose the companies that supported illegal mining and produce documents to prove their misdeeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14110464", "title": "Govt initiates proceedings against DIG", "text": "PATNA: The state government has initiated proceedings against 1995 batch IPS officer Ravindran Shankaran, DIG (Human Rights), for his misdemeanour while he was posted as SP, Bhagalpur, in 2004.Principal secretary (home) Amir Shubhani confirmed the government's action. Ravindran has also acted in a Bhojpuri film, 'Devara pe man doley', which was released recently.According to information, a person was found dead at Nathnagar in Bhagalpur district in 2004. The police made it a case of murder and arrested one person as suspected accused. Incidentally, sources said, the doctors did not confirm the reason behind the death of the person concerned as murder stating that it could be ascertained only after the receipt of viscera report from the forensic lab.The kin of the arrested person approached the then IG, Bhagalpur zone, N C Dhondhiyal, and accused the police officials of asking for bribe from the person arrested in the case. When no money was paid, the man was put behind bars. The IG went through all the reports and questioned the arrest of the person when the doctors could not confirm that the deceased in question was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14109063", "title": "13-yr-old boy tortured by employer, brought back home", "text": "MADURAI: A child labourer, who was allegedly taken to work in a sweetmeat factory in another state, has returned with scalded hands, after being tortured by his employer and the Tamil Nadu Child Rights Protection Network has now sought adequate compensation for him.Thirteen-year-old Gurusamy, son of Kaliappan and Kaliammal of Vedar Puliankulam in Madurai district was brought by his employer to Virudhunagar, to attend the funeral of his father who had died on June 10. According to his uncle, the boy was the second son of his parents and lured by promises of money, they had sent Gurusamy when he was just 11 years old in 2010 with R Muthumanickam of T Mettupatti near Usilampatti, to work in a sweetmeat factory. They had allegedly received money from the broker.Kaliappan died on June 10, following which his family contacted the broker Muthumanickam's father Ramar in T Mettupatti and told him to ask his son to bring the boy to Madurai to attend the funeral. The broker however, had brought Gurusamy and left him with his aunt in Meesalur in Virudhunagar district. The boy's uncle Bathrinath, who went to Virudhunagar to pick him up, was distraught to see that the boy had burn injuries on his left hand.Bathrinath brought him to the Tamil Nadu Child Rights Protection Network centre in Madurai on Wednesday morning. The boy, who was not sure where he had been working, was able to speak a few words in Hindi and said that he thought he had worked in either Andhra Pradesh or Maharashtra. According to him, he and two other boys used to work in the unit from 4am to midnight. They were give frugal food, which made him feeling hungry all the time. On one occasion, when he failed to pack the snacks properly, his angry employer allegedly dipped his left had into the burning oil resulting in serious injuries. The employer had also failed to provide the boy with any treatment.M Vasudevan, central zone co-ordinator of the network brought the issue to the notice of the Madurai district collector Anshul Mishra, who immediately ordered his officials to admit him at the Government Rajaij Hospital. However, the disturbed boy refused to stay in the hospital and went back home.The network has demanded that the boy be given adequate medical treatment and that the broker Muthumanickam, be arrested and the other two boys who had been working with Gurusamy be rescued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14121111", "title": "Amritha RK bags top rank in BEd degree exam in Mangalore", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore University has announced the final rank list of BEd degree examination held during October 2011. Amritha RK of Dr TMA Pai College of Education, Kunjibettu, Udupi has bagged the first rank securing 840 marks out of 1000.P Dhanalakshmi of Srinivas College of Education, Mangalore was second with 837 marks and Shanthala Baliga B of St Aloysius Institute of Education, Mangalore third with 823 marks.Girls as usual outperformed their male counterparts with Sukhananda of Srinivas College of Education, Mangalore, the lone male rank holder in top 10 ranks announced by PS Yadapadithaya, registrar (evaluation) here on Thursday.Sukhananda shared the fourth rank with Nirmala Jyothi J and Laurel D'Souza respectively of St Aloysius Institute of Education, Mangalore. The trio notched up identical marks of 809 out of 1000.Shashirekha D of Alva's College of Education, Moodbidri and Nalini D of Amrutha College of Education bagged the fifth rank (808), Ushakiran P of Dr TMA Pai College of Education, Kunjibettu, Udupi, sixth rank (807); Anusuya K of Srinivas College of Education, Mangalore seventh rank (805); Misriya and Deeksha of Srinivas College of Education, eight rank respectively (804); Nayana of Vivekananda College of Education, Puttur, and Shilpa I of Amrutha College of Education, Mangalore, ninth rank (803), and Olivia Roseline Pais of Government College of Teachers Education, Mangalore 10 th rank (802).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109395", "title": "BEST wary of rival power firms on SoBo turf", "text": "MUMBAI: The BEST administration is wary that it may lose its \"exclusive\" hold in the island city and other players like Tata Power and RInfra could soon jump into the fray.This was evident at the BEST committee meeting on Tuesday when members from all political parties were apprehensive about the Centre's plan to amend the Electricity Act to \"facilitate\" the entry of rival power companies.\"We hear that there is a move by certain vested interests to amend the act during the monsoon session of Parliament,\" said BEST committee member Ravi Raja. We will oppose this and take a delegation of all committee members to the union power ministry in Delhi soon,\" he said at the meeting.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta admitted before the panel that he had received a note from Centre asking power ministry asking BEST officials to make a representation on the issue. \"We will file a reply soon. But I will take every effort to ensure that the special status in Mumbai is maintained,\" he added.\"Under clause 51 of the Act, BEST is granted a special status as a 'local self government' and is excluded from competition. This is the reason why BEST vests control in the entire island city -- from Sion/Mahim to Colaba/ Cuffe Parade and provides 950 MW power to nearly 10 lakh consumers,\" Raja added.\"However, if the Act is amended by a two-third majority in Parliament, then it will be too late. Tata Power and RInfra will enter the island city and woo consumers,\" Raja said. \"We are already a loss-making undertaking and recently the tariff was hiked in order to break even by March 2013. But with the rival operators coming, this may not be possible,\" he said.Shiv Sena member Suhas Samant said that the ruling party would join hands with the opposition on the issue and ensure that the interests of BEST is protected. A senior official said,\"in our defence, we will mention that BEST is working for public service. It is not a private company like others and has a social obligation or providing services to people of island city.\" He also said that the consumers were happy with the service and there was uninterrupted power supply barring a few technical faults and fires at sub-station in the past few years.\"Ours is the best service in city - be it power supply or transport. There is also lot of accountability and questioning by committee members who represent the cause of consumers at the meetings,\" Raja added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14106889", "title": "Advanced software COPS to track smugglers at Karipur international airport", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Officials at the Karipur International Airport can now spot a repeat offender as soon as he present himself at the customs counter and track all the previous cases against him by running a check on him using an advanced software.The software, developed by the customs wing of Chennai airport, is the latest addition to the airports anti- smuggling arsenal. Officials can now track suspect international passengers using COPS (customs offense penal system) after scanning the system's offender database.The system also maintains a database of passport details and photographs of offenders.\"Previously, customs did not have an institutional memory classifying offenders. With the commissioning of COPS, one of the major factors that hindered our previous operations has been addressed,\" said customs assistant commissioner Joannes George.He added that using the system, we can track frequent smugglers as and when they approach the customs counter,\" .Customs officials say the software is a boon because it was difficult to track the movements of smuggling rackets who continuously shifted their operations from one airport to another. The software plugs the gap of keeping tabs on repeat offenders, a capability that was missing till now.A senior customs official at the Chennai airport said they have further refined this system to keep track of import of goods in commercial quantities as personal baggage. \"If someone is bringing high-value items like TVs frequently, the system can inform us like how many times the same passenger had imported TVs in the past and thereby help us to impose appropriate duties,\" he said.Installation of this software is seen as a first step towards a country-wide platform that would provide 'real time' intelligence about passengers with dubious track records after correlating the passenger manifests transmitted by the airlines with the offender database.Last June, the central board of excise and customs had asked customs authorities across the country to explore the feasibility of replicating COPS at all airports.Expressing serious concern over the lack of computerized database on offenders, the customs director had noted that it had resulted in inadequate compliance of board's instructions relating to identification of repeat offenders and investigating them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105150", "title": "Wakaris' involvement in politics may lead to exploitation, say leaders", "text": "PUNE: Even before Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray initiated agitations against toll collection, the warkari sect had launched protests against toll booths in the state. They even gave a July 15 deadline to the state government to close down one of the booths.Since the past few years, the warkari sects have been actively involved in socio-political movements in Maharashtra and have even forced the state government to withdraw policy decisions. Warkaris, however, feel that political parties should not be allowed to 'exploit' their collective strength for political upmanship.A few days ago, warkaris led by Bandatatya Karadkar alleged irregularities at the Perne toll booth on Pune-Ahmednagar road and demanded its closure by July 15. Another group, this week, forced the Pune Municipal Corporation standing committee to postpone a decision on the proposal to privatize the slaughterhouse in Kondhwa.A section of the warkari sect is actively involved in Anna Hazare's anti corruption campaign, while warkaris of Dehu and Alandi are planning agitation against the pollution of river Indrayani.\"We have the energy to serve the society and we follow the orders from our leaders. But, in recent times, some of the warkari leaders have been trying to politicize the warkari movement. We are against any such move\", said Aba Konde, a warkari from Satara. Some warkari also said the stand taken by the Maharashtra Rajya Warkari Mahamandal against the proposed law, which will make promoting black magic and other acts of superstition punishable, should be explained to warkaris. BJP-Shiv Sena combine has strongly opposed the bill .\"We don't know what is the anti-superstition bill proposed by the state government. Warkari leaders are opposing it, but we don't know the reason. Warkaris are against any superstitious tradition. I don't know why we are opposing the bill\", said Anusaya, a warkari from Sangli.Warkaris as a political force came to the fore in 2008 when the state government ordered a stay on the construction works of Dow Chemicals' research and development (R&D;) centre at Shinde (Vasuli) near Chakan, following stiff opposition from the warkari community. Since then political parties have openly joined warkari sects in various movements and some times dragged them into political controversies.In 2009, warkaris forced 82nd literary meet president Anand Yadav to step aside from presiding the literary meet in Mahabaleshwar alleging that his novel on Tukaram allegedly contained defamatory statements about the poet.\"Wari and warkaris should not get into politics and should not allow politicians to use this sect in the game of political upmanship. However, some of the recent agitations by our warkari sects were definitely politicized. Warkaris should not allow this\", said Vinayak Jadhav, a warkari from Marathwada.Eom/rj", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14106609", "title": "Locals dig in heels against uranium mining plan", "text": "HYDERABAD: The dust on the controversy over uranium mining in Nalgonda district is still to settle and already the government has begun efforts to mine the resource in Mahbubnagar district. Despite opposition from locals, authorities are going ahead with plans to hold a gram sabha at Urumilla village in Amrabad mandal, in the Nallamala forest area, on June 14.\"We will conduct the gram sabha on Thursday and educate the people on the proposed aerial survey for extracting rich minerals,\" Achampet divisional forest officer (DFO) Venkata Ramana told TOI. He said that the proposed meeting would not be a public hearing. Sources said that forest officials have been asked by their higher-ups to conduct the gram sabha in Urumilla immediatelyto gauge public opinion vis-a-vis the mining plan.Presence of uranium in these villages, about 140km southeast of Hyderabad, was established 10 years back but strong opposition from locals saw the Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL) dropping the plan to mine the area. Apart from these villages, some interior villages in the Nallamala forest are said to have reported uranium traces.Villagers attending a gram sabha in Padara raised objections to an aerial survey of the forest area saying that the land and water there belonged to them and that nobody had a right to the precious resource. Sources said that UCIL is keen to undertake aerial surveys to identify uranium deposits in Mahbubnagar district.While its efforts to mine uranium in Lambapur and Peddagattu areas in Nalgonda district drew loud protests, UCIL got its way by carrying out mining in the Vempenta area of Kadapa district where, according to Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd authorities, high grade uranium deposits are present. Experts said that the authorities need to give at least a month's notice before conducting a public hearing. \"But in this case, they are holding gram sabhas to elicit the opinion of the locals. The government is treading cautiously on the issue so as to avoid a public outcry and slowly allow UCIL to carry out exploratory drilling in the area,\" environmentalist Jampala Baburao said.Sources point out that there was much resistance from the public last year when 28 borewells were dug up by a private company to explore presence of diamonds in the farmlands of Tirumalapur village. \"People are against any aerial surveys and digging operations. They even destroyed a borewell,\" recalled Somarapu Prabhakar, a local leader.Padara village has a population of roughly 8,000 people while Urumilla village is 1,500 residents strong. \"We will oppose any move by the authorities to carry out mining in these small villages,\" TRS leader Nasarayya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jajpur (orissa)", "code": "14123529", "title": "57th national kabbadi tournament begins", "text": "JAJPUR (ORISSA): A total of 24 teams are participating in the 57th National Kabaddi Tournament that got off to a colourful start here.The four-day-long men's and women's day and night tournament is being hosted by the Jajpur Kabaddi Association, affiliated to Amateur Kabaddi Federation of India (AKFI).Keeping its tradition alive in promoting the popular game, JKA has been organising such tournaments for the last 56 years.In all 24 teams, including 17 men's and seven women's teams, from across the country are participating in the tournament.The competitions are being conducted on the stadium grounds from 8am to 12 pm and 3pm to 9 pm.In the national-level event, established teams such as Ashok Sangha, Kolkata, SAI Hostel Gujurat, CISF Hariyana, Chattisgarh, Uttar Pradesh, Mumbai Police, Utaranchal, Kolkata Police and Pune Police are participating.Besides, 15 other teams, including seven women from across the state, are participating in the event.About 350 players from the state and outside, along with 68 coaches and members of various Kabaddi associations, are attending the national sports event.\"Elaborate arrangements have been made to make the national event a success. We are also watchful on security matter and made preparations to meet any eventuality so that the players should not be affected and the event will go on smoothly without any unsavory incidents,\" said Nigamananda Mohanty, vice president of JKA.\"We have mobilised hundreds of our volunteers to oversee safety, sanitation and comfort of all the participating players and officials round the clock. Elaborate arrangements have also been made to ensure uninterrupted supply of power and water to the places where the team members and other guests will stay,\" said Rabindra Kumar Prusty, secretary of JKA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14110043", "title": "Zoo revamp plan yet to be okayed", "text": "PATNA: The pruning of 2,917 trees of the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, to ensure safe landing of aircrafts at the local Jaya Prakash Narayan International airport, was stopped after Bihar CM Nitish Kumar's recent statement putting the ball in Centre's court.As things stand, the reorganization plan of the park is yet to be approved by the Central Zoo Authority. A team of the Authority from Delhi visited the park in this regard in May. \"We are hopeful that the master plan will be sanctioned by the Central Zoo Authority. It is just a coincidence that the relocation of wild animals is taking place at the same place where the Airports Authority of India (AAI) identified the trees for pruning for the safe landing of flights,\" said Dipak Kumar, secretary, environment and forest department. He added that once the master plan is approved, the trees would be pruned to facilitate establishment of new enclosures.However, the operation of larger aircrafts like Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 aircrafts at the Patna airport may have to be stopped if the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) issues any such notice. This step would lead the Patna airport to operate only ATR-size aircrafts, which are not available with aviation companies like GoAir and Indigo.\"The steady growth of passengers in Patna made some international airlines interested in operating from here. But due to space constraint, we had to refuse such offers,\" said Arvind Dubey, director, Jai Prakash Narayan International airport. He clarified that the airport is well connected with other cities. But due to thick vegetation, pilots are forced to resort to high braking which increases risk for passengers. It is not practical to change the airstrip. But the landing distance available (LDA), which is reduced from 1820 metres to 1089 metres, is a risk for landing of any big airbus, he said.\"Pilots are regularly complaining about the landing risk. The AAI is ready to pump in money for the expansion of the airport, but till the state government commits us any land, the trees should be pruned for the safety of passengers,\" he said. Dumri village, 15km away from Patna, located on Patna-Gaya road, could be the alternative site for the airport. However, earlier AAI had chosen Bihta as an alternative site, but the state government refused to give permission.Ravi Kant, principal secretary, state civil aviation department, said, \"The department has received a notice from the AAI to make the airport safe for the landing of big aircrafts. We have to take the required initiative to sustain the airport.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14108207", "title": "Navy spreading its wings far and wide with warship deployments", "text": "NEW DELHI: In keeping with its steadily growing blue-water capabilities, the Navy is now all set to dispatch four warships on an overseas deployment to the Horn of Africa, Red Sea and the western Mediterranean, even as four of its other warships entered the Shanghai port in China on Wednesday.The long deployments towards the east and west come at a time when Indian warships are also headed towards Seychelles , Mauritius and the Maldives to help them in surveillance of their Exclusive Economic Zones as well as conduct anti-piracy patrols.Simultaneously, stealth frigate INS Tabar is conducting anti-piracy patrols and escort duties in the Gulf of Aden, while the spanking new INS Teg is currently in the Red Sea on way to India from Russia . ``Such long-range deployments, covering the Indian Ocean region (IOR) and beyond, bear testimony to the blue-water capabilities and operational readiness of the Navy,'' said an officer.The four warships headed for the Horn of Africa \u2014 INS Mumbai, INS Trishul, INS Aditya and INS Gomti \u2014 are under the command of Western Fleet commander Rear Admiral A R Karve. The four Eastern Fleet warships on the ongoing deployment to South China Sea and North-West Pacific \u2014 INS Rana, INS Shivalik, INS Karmukh and INS Shakti \u2014 are led by Rear Admiral P Ajit Kumar.Defence minister A K Antony, during the recent naval commanders' conference, had told the Navy that it was ``essential to maintain high levels of operational preparedness at all times'' given the ``challenges'' in the Indian Ocean Region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14108562", "title": "Anti-corruption branch sleuths book Mandrem talathi", "text": "PANAJI: Anti-corruption branch (ACB) officials have registered a case against the talathi of Mandrem village, Vithal Biku Sawant, for allegedly possessing disproportionate assets. The case was the result of a search operation conducted at Sawant's residence on Wednesday evening.\"Prima facie, we found that Sawant's assets are disproportionate to the extent of 274% of his income and savings, \" SP, ACB, Bosco George, who ordered the raid, said, adding that Sawant has not been arrested as he got himself admitted to a hospital. The SP told TOI that ACB sleuths conducted raids at Sawant's (new) house, ancestral house at Morjim and talathi's office at Mandrem. The raid was conducted on receipt of a complaint that the talathi had accumulated wealth disproportionate to his income.\"The information was verified, developed and worked on by ACB officials before the search operation was initiated,\" George stated.The sleuths seized more than 1 lakh in cash at his residence, the SP said, adding that they also found that he had 11 savings bank accounts, 19 fixed deposit accounts and some life insurance policies and property documents all worth around 10 lakh. Besides, the raiding party also found lot of official documents at his residence which actually should have been at his office and not at his house, George said.He added that as per information revealed, Sawant had been promoted twice in the past as circle inspector but had not taken up the post. A case has been registered under various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act 1988.Asked why no action is being taken against other government officers who amass wealth by corrupt means, George said that the information the ACB receives is \"patchy and sketchy\". He appealed to the public to come forth with information when bribes are asked for and assured them of action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14121543", "title": "Raw material scarcity halts developmental work in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The revision of rates for the road/construction material is going to become hot issue of discussion in the finance and contract committee -F&amp;CC-; meeting, scheduled to be held on Thursday evening. Dozens of the developmental works of the MC are not being even initiated due to shortage of raw material and engineering wing of the MC is not willing to purchase raw material on high rates.According to information, road/construction material have been closed in the both of the neighbouring states Punjab and Haryana and there is scarcity of material and if it is available the rates of the same have been gone very high as compare to rates being allotted to the contractual agencies, resulting agencies do not participate in the tender which hampers the progress of works. Therefore, the road committee has approved to increase the rates of the raw material and sent to the F&CC; so that works could be initiated.Municipal councillor Mukesh Bassi, who is member of the road committee said, \"Officials of the engineering wing don't want to increase the rates of the raw material despite the facts that it is mentioned in the norms that if rates of the raw material goes high then rates could be increase for some period and can be revised later too according to the present market rates. Due to the indifference attitude of the officials the maximum developmental works have come to a halt, therefore matter is coming the F&CC; for the approval\",", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14111819", "title": "Heavy load folds up southern belt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The north-south disparity has been widening when it comes to electricity supply. Sub-division number 9 which covers around 11 sectors \u2014 most of the area of the third phase sectors of UT and other southern parts \u2014 has to fulfill the electricity needs of over 40,000 consumers, so due to heavy load, non-scheduled electricity cuts have become a routine affair in these sectors.Residents of this area allege that despite their taking their problems to UT and electricity wing officials, things have remained the same.The north-south chasm has been widening when it comes to electricity supply.Sub-division 9 covers sectors 41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 50, 51, 52, 53, 55, 61, Burail, Palsora and Kajheri, where there are colonies and villages, but there are only 70 employees to manage the area.An official of the electricity wing of the Chandigarh administration on condition of anonymity revealed that there is no problem of power supply, the problem is scarcity of transformers, which results in power cuts or tripping.\"The power comes through the grid and the 66 KV transformer is not able to take the entire load of the supply, which is why there is a frequent problem of power cuts. There is a need to install more transformers and we have informed senior officials in this regard\", said an engineer, posted with the electricity wing.Sources in the electricity wing revealed that in other sub-divisions, unlike sub-division number 9, there are hardly over 20,000 consumers. Division number 9, which has to meet the needs of almost double the number has the maximum load.S S Bhardwaj, chairman of the Chandigarh social welfare council said, \"There should not be any disparity between northern and southern sectors. It's the southern sectors of the city that are the source of highest revenue and so the authorities should seriously look into providing basic facilities to residents. We have brought the matter to the notice of the UT authorities a number of times and even given it in writing, but to no avail.\"The officials of the electricity wing and the Chandigarh administration did not respond despite repeated calls made to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14108230", "title": "St Xavier\u2019s can recruit teachers: Gujarat high court", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday directed the state education department to grant permission to St Xavier's College by June 18 to fill up the vacant teaching and non-teaching posts. As per the college's plea, the institute was facing staff crunch for the last one decade and despite repeated representations for permission to fill the vacancies, the administration did not pay any heed. Finally, the minority institute moved the HC, which issued notice to the government.The government did not even reply to the HC notice for two months. This irked the court and the department officials were summoned. During the proceedings on Wednesday, it was revealed that the concerned officer had requested the principal to withdraw the petition and did not feel it necessary to submit a reply to the high court. The silence on part of the state administration annoyed the court. The HC said, \"The respondents have acted in an arbitrary manner by firstly trying to persuade the petitioner to withdraw and also by organizing camp in the present case though the matter is subjudice... This court is of the opinion that this conduct calls for initiation of contempt proceedings.However keeping in mind the interest of the college, this court does not think it fit to refer the matter to contempt court at this stage.\" The department officials tendered unconditional apology. The court admitted the case and kept further hearing on August 28. \"It is required to be borne in mind that ultimate sufferers are the students,\" the order reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104882", "title": "Daily targets, police harassment behind taxi refusals: Drivers", "text": "KOLKATA: The city's ubiquitous yellow Ambassador taxis have become synonymous with passenger refusal. The menace has assumed such alarming proportion that many passengers nurse a deep hatred for cabbies and regard them as villains.\"Flagging down a cab in Kolkata is an extremely frustrating experience, particularly after work. It does not matter if the destination is nearby or far. It is rare to find a cab at the first instance. Often, the taxi slows down, the cabbie stares back and then drives off after learning where the person wants to go. Most of them don't even have the basic courtesy of saying no,\" said private sector employee Rajesh Jha, who has filed several police complaints against the refusal syndrome.\"They are too thick-skinned to be affected by complaints. The police needs to take tougher action to curb this menace,\" said Radhika Sengupta, also a bank employee who has a tough time every evening with cabs refusing to do the Russel Street-Beliaghata CIT Road trip.Ever wondered why cabbies refuse passengers when their earning is dependant on them? When TOI did the round of various taxi stands across the city, a curious mix of reasons that ranged from logical to incredulous emerged.\"To a majority of us, the only redeeming factor in this transport sector is passengers. Leave them out and all that remains is dirt and muck. Hence, it does not make sense to refuse passengers. Of course, there are some rotten elements but most of us rarely refuse passengers during most of the day when we want to maximize earnings. It is only in the evening when the day's fares add up to either fall short of target or exceed it that refusal happens,\" said taxi driver Abhijit Roy.With Roy having to pay Rs 400 daily to the owner and purchase at least Rs 400 worth fuel, he has to earn at least Rs 1,200 in fare to take home Rs 400. One has to factor in no-parking violation fine once in a while when Rs 150 gets deducted from the earning. \"If a cabbie has had fares totalling Rs 1,000 around 7pm, he will insist on a long trip so that he can earn at least Rs 200 before passenger count runs low,\" he explained.With average cab fare pegged around Rs 60, each taxi has to make at least 20 trips in a day to earn Rs 1,200. That's not easy given the 40,000-odd cabs on Kolkata roads. \"During the day, we often end up burning a lot of fuel hunting for passengers. On a bad day, a luckless driver may run empty for 30-40km. For the driver, it is a sure loss. It is only to be expected that he will be in a foul mood and turn down short fares because he will be desperate to get two long distance ones,\" said cab driver Ranjit Chowdhury from Darbhanga, Bihar.Many taxi drivers also refuse passengers bound for Howrah station after 7.30pm due to alleged police harassment. Roy, for instance, made it clear that he would not make a trip to Howrah station in the evening.\"For a fare of Rs 45-50, I may have to shell out Rs 100-150 by way of fine. It doesn't make sense. There is too much harassment across the bridge, and hence, one will hardly find any cab to Howrah after 7.30pm-8pm unless it is a local one,\" he reasoned.The biggest reason behind the refusal in the evenings, particularly after 8pm, is the driver's intent to park the cab at the garage and return home after a day's toil. \"We start at 6-6.30 in the morning. The only break that we get is a half-an-hour lunch. Driving an Ambassador isn't fun, particularly in summers. The heat from the engine spews into the driver's seat, turning it into a heat chamber. By 7.30pm, most of us are dead tired and want to return home. Unless we get a passenger who is headed the same way, we prefer not to take anyone,\" said cab driver Raju Singh of Biharl's Nalanda district who currently stays in Keshtopur off VIP Road.Advertising executive Roshni Sen says she understands that cabbies get tired by the end of the day and prefer passengers en-route to the garage but wonders how does the average passenger know which way a cab is headed. One way out is to write the garage location on the windscreen, similar to Mumbai where routes are mentioned in the rear windscreen of cabs.Though some cabs work on two shifts with a fresh driver taking the vehicle out at 8pm, they prefer to park the vehicles before bars and nightclubs to charge high fare and even receive fat tips from 'happy' customers. With few prospective customers \u2014 partying ones late at night or those headed for station or airport early in the morning \u2014 they want to make the maximum in the two-three trips they get to do.Nearly every driver acknowledges passengers face a huge problem after 7.30pm when the first set of drivers return home and the second set is yet to begin work. Some suggest the only way out is to put in place a structured fare hike after 9pm so that trips become viable.Though there are fewer refusal cases during the day, some of them are owing to idiosyncrasies of drivers. Cabbie Krishna Banik, who claims he does not refuse passengers, admits preference for short trips.Of course, there are some truant cabbies like the ones parked off the Ultadanga taxi stand who insist that they will only take passengers to central or south Kolkata via EM Bypass. \"This is pure mischief ,\" said Bengal Taxi Association president Bimal Guha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14108907", "title": "School bus operators get time till July 31 to plug holes", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government on Wednesday told the Bombay high court that it has extended the time limit for issuing temporary permits and fitness certificates to school bus operators till July 31, 2012.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing an application by the School Bus Owners Association for extension of time till December 31, 2012, to adhere to conditions for carrying school students. The court had earlier extended their permits and given them a deadline of April 30, 2012. The association also sought a stay on School Bus Rules 2011, which had imposed conditions, saying it was not placed before the state legislature. as mandated under the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles Act 1988. \"It has no force of law and is illegal,'' argued their advocate V P Patil.Additional government pleader G W Mattos submitted that the transport commissioner had issued a circular on June 12, 2012, extending the time limit to July 31, 2012. He also said on April 18, 2011, the Rules were placed in the state legislative assembly. and legislative council and were approved. \"They were also approved by the Assembly committee for subordinate legislation. A final notification will be issued soon,'' said Mattos.Patil told the court that speed governors to be placed on the buses costs Rs 15,000 and are not necessary. \"Speed breakers on roads would serve the purpose,'' he added.However, Mattos said this issue can be raised by the association only after the final notification is issued. To a query from the judges as to when the final notification will be issued for amending the Rules, Mattos replied that will be done within four weeks. He added that in case there is a delay, the government would consider further extending the time limit to bus operators.Patil also said that though the education department had made it compulsory for school bus operators to have an agreement with the schools, the institutions are reluctant to enter into agreement. \"How can schools be compelled to do so?\" asked Patil, adding that parents should enter into an agreement with bus operators.The judges disagreed. \"There is no question of parents making an agreement with transporters,'' said Justice Shah. The judges said if the association is aggrieved by the decision of the government, it could make a representation to the transport commissioner. The court also directed the transport commissioner to look into their grievances and take a decision within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14106206", "title": "Women have emerged as effective leaders, says Leela Samson", "text": "KOCHI: If women had to struggle to get to the top till the 1990s, they now use subtle intelligence and strike a balance akin to that of 'Ardhanarishvara', the androgynous union of male and female forms, to become leaders in their respective fields, said Leela Samson, chairperson, Central Board of Film Certification. She was speaking at the one-day convention on women leadership organized by the Conference of Indian Industry (CII) on Wednesday.\"Till the 90s it was a struggle. Women had to fight to join a leading theatre group or the media. But they now use intelligence to strike a balance with the almost mechanical autonomy of men. Just as the idea of a perfect dance performance, there needs to be a balance between the masculine and feminine within each person,\" she said at the panel discussion on 'Women as leaders of change'. The Padmashri winner and former director of Kalakshetra was among the dignitaries who spoke about their personal struggles.Speaking on the occasion, Jennifer McIntyre, consul general, US Consulate, Chennai, said, \"As a mother, wife or friend you look to take care of people. You help them make better lifestyles choices. You become a leader when you reach the decision-making level.\" In a span of few years, there has been a 40% increase in women diplomats in the US, she added. More than 250 women participated, including IGP B Sandhya, film director Anjali Menon, Sheela Kochouseph, MD, V Star Creations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14112618", "title": "Sheila admits crisis in some capital areas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Admitting that water scarcity was plaguing \"certain parts of Delhi\", chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Tuesday asked the engineers of Delhi Jal Board to plug leakages and identify gaps in supply to prevent wastage. She also directed her officials to try to end the stalemate with Haryana and get the capital's due share through Munak canal. The CM had earlier this week apprised prime minister Manmohan Singh about the issue.Dikshit, who is DJB's chairperson told TOI, \"I admit there is a water problem but it is not spread across Delhi. I would say there is a shortage in certain parts. Najafgarh, Bawana and Karol Bagh are some of the affected areas. There are other places where the terrain has contributed to the decline in supply. For instance, Karol Bagh is located at a higher level and hence the supply is affected,\" the CM said.Dikshit said she has given Delhi Jal Board officials four to five days to indentify gaps and begin work on plugging them.\"They have been asked to check leakages. Another area of concern is that there is a mismatch in the amount that is actually allocated and what is being drawn in certain cases. These gaps need to be bridged,\" she added.Last week the Delhi CM had met her Haryana counterpart Bhupinder Singh Hooda over the Western Peripheral Expressway but steered clear of water. It was left to the chief secretaries of the two states to discuss the issue.On Monday top officials met to find a middle path but nothing concrete emerged expect for both sides claiming that it was all about \"confidence-building\" and that in future all water-related decisions will be taken through a consultative process by both states.\"I met the Prime Minister earlier this week and made him aware of the issue though I have not yet gone to him officially seeking his intervention. We will first do everything we can to resolve the problem. A strategy is being made with this goal in mind,\" Dikshit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14117001", "title": "Top stars grace Ram Charan\u2019s marriage", "text": "High profile personalities across showbiz, business and politics have already made their way to Ram Charan and Upasana Kamineni's wedding. Allu Aravind and Nirmala, Pawan Kalyan, Allu Arjun, Allu Sirish and Sneha Reddy, Sai Dharam Tej, etc have all reached the Kalyana Mandapam early.Telugu cinema film personalities like Mohan Babu, Jr. NTR and Lakshmi Praneetha, Brahmanandam, KS Rama Rao, VV Vinayak, Dil Raju, Vamsi Paidipally, Jayanth C Paranji, Nallamalapu Bujji, Kota Srinivasa Rao, Daggubati Rana, etc made their way to the venue.On the political front, CM Kiran Kumar Reddy, K Chandrasekhar Rao, Jana Reddy, DL Ravindra, Raghuveera Reddy, Chandrababu Naidu, etc have attended the marriage and blessed the couple.The entry to the wedding is by invitation only and the security arrangement at the wedding and reception venues were watertight. All those who want to click for Ram Charan and Upasana Kamineni's marriage photos will be disappointed since mobile phone jammers were perfectly in place. A source says, \"I came to click for Ram Charan and Upasana Kamineni's wedding pics but that looks highly unlikely as jammers are in place and I cannot take any click any pics through mobile phone or get any images\".The grand wedding will be followed by a reception by Chiranjeevi. And around 7,000 guests at expected to arrive at the Hyderabad International Convention Center (HICC) for the same. It id already known that Ram Charan will have two weddings -- one for the family and friends, and the other for his fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14124549", "title": "MNREGS: Kashi Patna's well of hope", "text": "MANGALORE: How government schemes can be used to create durable productive assets? Kashi Patna in Belthangady taluk is the prime example of how the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS) is helping creating assets and improving the economy of the poor.The Panchayat and people realized that water scarcity was the biggest problem ailing them and went on accordingly to mitigate it. \"Till date we have constructed 152 wells since the scheme started being implemented in 2008-09,\" says Satish K, president of the Kashi Patna panchayat.\"We first made a list of the priority areas and discussed with beneficiaries at the gram Sabha. Accordingly we went ahead. As much as 20-30% of the water problem in this Panchayat has been mitigated and the Panchayat has saved in excess of Rs 1 lakh in power costs for water supply,\" notes Satish.Prime example of how the scheme has benefited the needy is Kantappa Poojary, who has three acres of land. \"Water shortage plagued us every year after December. Now the MNREGS well has saved us from that plight,\" he said. \"Because of the well I have increased cultivation and have a plantain farm too, which brought me additional income of Rs 40,000,\" he said.His four sons and wife Sundari also are beneficiaries of this scheme. Panchayat Development Officer Nirmal Kumar says: \"The village which has a population of 3,698 has 680 families. Of these we have given job 385 families of which 209 are BPL families.\" The scheme is also set to mitigate water problem at the High School in Kashi Patna Panchayat. \"The school ground leveling works were also carried out using MNREGS scheme. The well is also progressing well. We will build a wall also soon,\" said Satish.MNREGS Ombudsman Sheena Shetty says: The scheme will have a very big role in making self reliant and carrying out works which are needed by the villages, which will improve their living standard.David Valerian D'Souza, who got the well under the scheme, says: Apart from solving drinking water problem, it also has made our lives self reliant. \"We grow our own vegetables. We don't buy from the market.\"The only grouse of the Panchayat and members is that the per day wages should be increased from the present Rs 155 to Rs 200 and allow paddy cultivation, reaping and transplantation works also to be included in the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14118207", "title": "City student bags 13th rank in CPMT", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A large number of students from the city have been selected in Combined Pre -Medical Test (CPMT)-2012, results of which were declared on Tuesday night.Azher Rizvi of St Joseph's College has got 13th rank in the merit list. Giving credit of his success to his parents and teacher Ehteshan Naqvi, Azher plans to dedicate his life to serve the needy.Mohammad Hamza Ansari has bagged 10th rank in OBC category while Utkarsh Prasad has got 21st rank in general category.CPMT was held at 147 centres. A total of 72,712 candidates appeared of whom 27,598 were from general category, 30,772 were OBC, 13,863 were scheduled castes and 479 were scheduled tribes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111280", "title": "Nagpur grabs top post in rogues gallery", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur division has maintained its dubious distinction as far as copying cases are concerned by 'securing the top rank'. Even during HSC exams, the division had topped in the category.This year as many as 689 students were caught while indulging in malpractices in SSC exams while last year 740 cases were registered. Nashik division is a distant second with 396 cases and Pune third with 338 cases. Overall 1,809 such cases were registered as against 3,264 last year.Since many years, Nagpur division, comprising six districts, has been topping the charts of malpractices. In 2010, 804 students were caught. The newly formed Konkan division emerged cleanest with just 14 cases.Nagpur division is already infamous for finishing last or among last ones in every HSC and SSC results. The cases which come under malpractices included impersonation, copying, with supervisors help and others. The board officials had earmarked over 1,000 centres as 'notorious' and had kept a strict watch on all. Even video cameras were installed at many of them to keep a check on the students, divisional chairman Chandramani Borkar informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118726", "title": "Maha model to curb leopard-man conflict", "text": "SURAT: Forest officials in Surat are planning to emulate the successful project implemented by the Maharashtra forest department to reduce the leopard-human conflict in Sanjay Gandhi National Park.Large number of leopards has moved out of forest areas and have made towns and villages in south Gujarat their homes, thus increasing the chances of conflict with humans.According to Vidya Athreya, who is running the Project Waghoba in Mumbai, said that leopard density in south Gujarat and major parts of Maharashtra is higher than the dense forests of Aravalli mountain forests.After Project Waghoba was implemented, there has been no loss of life of leopards or humans since 2007 in areas near the Sanjay Gandhi National Park.V A Chaturvedi, chief conservator of forest (CCF), Valsad told TOI, \"With the increasing population of humans and wild cats in the region, the conflict is not going to decrease. We need to take urgent steps to limit this before the problem becomes unmanageable.\"Till now, forest officials used to lay a trap and catch the leopards and then release it to the forest. Department officials confirm that in many cases the leopards that were caught and released in far away forests in the same area, returned near the urban habitat in few years' time.\"We can't say that for sure as we don't have the tracking system for these cats. If we have tracking collars on the animals , it would be possible,\" said DA Vasava, deputy forest officer, Surat.According to forest officials, one incident of leopard-human conflict is reported from south Gujarat every week. There are nearly 100 leopards in five districts of south Gujarat, namely Surat, Tapi, Dang, Navsari and Valsad. Nearly 15 leopards are caught every year by either people or by forest department officials and at least five are killed every year in man-animal conflict.\"The reasonable solution for this is to keep the density of leopard prey, which is mainly dogs, cats and small animals like goats, in check in urban areas. Density of these animals is directly related to the density of big cats in the area. If their food decreases, their population will also gradually come down,\" said Athreya.What needs to be done- Can't avoid the contact but avoid confrontation- Stop trapping, catching, keeping the leopard in captivity- Change human behavior towards the cat- Keep cattle mostly goats and smaller livestock in protected area- Stop dumping garbage outside villages and towns- Reduce density of leopard prey like dogs and cats from urban habitat", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14120558", "title": "Mayabazar", "text": "CreditsFilm : Mayabazar Cast : Roopa Ganguly, Krishno Kishore Mukherjee, Dhritiman Chatterjee, Priya Karfa and others Director : Joydeep Ghosh Produced By : NFDCSynopsis: Mayabazar is story of illusions. There are three stories in this movie. The first story is of a widow played by Roopa Ganguly. She sees her husband in every man. She plays a middle aged widow who has many boyfriends after her husband's death but she sees her husband in all of them. The second story is about the married life of a painter. The third story is about two professors and their illusions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104736", "title": "Wait for monsoon grows longer, rains unlikely in the next four days", "text": "KOLKATA: The wait for rains will get longer. According to the weathermen, there is no further movement of the monsoon towards south Bengal. As a result, rains are unlikely at least in the next four days.The monsoon has already missed its date with the city. Under normal conditions, monsoon's arrival date in Kolkata is June 10 with an error margin of plus/minus four days. For the last two years, the rains arrived in the city on June 13. But this year, cloud of uncertainty looms large over the monsoon's arrival date as it has got stuck over the Bay of Bengal around the Chennai region.\"There is no progress in the monsoon flow at the moment. And we do not expect any good news till June 16. Monsoon is not hitting south Bengal before that. But it is not possible to say the exact date at the moment,\" said G C Debnath, director, Regional Meteorological Centre, Kolkata.The last time monsoon arrived quite late was in 2005 when the rains hit the city on June 23. Weathermen are keeping a keen watch over the movement of the rain clouds. There is a possibility of it gaining momentum on or after June 17. How soon it reaches over Kolkata sky will however depend on the strength of its flow.Monsoon hit Kerala coast on June 5. According to meteorologists, it takes eight to 10 days for it to reach Kolkata once it hits Kerala. But going by the Met office it will take more than 10 days this time, delaying the monsoon further.At present, there is no low pressure formation, depression or even a cyclonic circulation over the Bay to push the monsoon's advancement.\"The monsoon flow comes over India from the southern hemisphere, hitting the Kerala coast first. Many times the flow becomes weak as it progresses towards this region. During its traverse through vast sea area, factors like sea water temperature influences the nature of the monsoon flow. Weather mechanism like formation of a low pressure or system like a depression could have accelerated its movement. But currently such a system is absent,\" added Debnath.Heavy rains however could lash scattered parts of south Bengal districts within the next 24 hours.Though this shower will be triggered by local thunder cloud development, it will bring some temporary relief from the sultry and uncomfortable weather condition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "14112266", "title": "\u2018Territory conflict brings big cats to town\u2019", "text": "PANCHKULA: Baffled by the increasing incidents of leopards venturing in to the city, the forest department concluded a study, which found the obvious: the territory conflict among big cats in their natural habitat is responsible for their movement towards human habitat. The recent encounter of city residents was with a female leopard and her two cubs at the Mansa Devi temple in Panchkula.\"The major reason is the territory conflict among big cat species like tiger, lion and leopard. Their disputes lead the displaced big cats to look for another territory,\" says district forest officer (DFO) R K Sharma. He says their movement can't be attributed to be a seasonal phenomenon as they have been spotted during winter as well.\"It is not that the big cats turn towards the city in search of water or shelter during summer,\" adds Sharma. The forest department is expecting an increase in the leopard population too.The female leopard spotted with her cubs near Mansa Devi temple twice during last week has been out of forest officials' sight so far. A team of forest officials conducted a search operation in the woods on Sunday night, but couldn't spot the cats, despite having heard a roar. The security guards and priests at Mansa Devi claim to have seen the leopard family. The forest officials have directed the temple authorities to put up flood lights and barbed wires around the premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14119129", "title": "Bunking duty may land cops in trouble", "text": "VADODARA: The city police will now keep a strict vigil over the attendance and timings of police inspectors' arrival at their police stations. The step has been taken after it came to light that these officers, who are in charge of police stations, had erratic timings and were often missing from police stations.The issue came to the notice of Vadodara city police commissioner Satish Sharma. At a particular police station, the police inspector was missing when Sharma reached there in the morning. This happened despite Sharma instructing the officers to stick to timings and reach police stations at 9:30 am.Similarly, it also came to light that a police inspector had asked his station officer to keep a slot vacant in the station diary. The officer would come late and then make an entry in the slot showing that he had reached on time.With these irregularities coming to light, the commissioner has decided to crack the whip and make surprise visits to police stations. \"I have asked all officers to remain present in time. Strict action will follow if they are found missing from the police station,\" Sharma said.Sharma added that it was necessary for a police inspector to be punctual because if that did not happen, those below him would also take things casually. He added that inspectors also had to mark their entry and exit from the police stations in the station diary; if they were moving out for work, then even this needs to be mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111211", "title": "SSC exam results: Triumph over tragedy", "text": "MUMBAI:Ciana d'Souza had a trying time even before the SSC examination could begin. The 15-year-old scored an aggregate of 79.33% despite losing her mother barely a month before the exams. The Andheri resident had earlier lost her father in December 2008. Her mother was fighting for life after losing a kidney but passed away even as Ciana was preparing for her exams. \"I was devastated after my father's death four years ago. My mother continued to support me, though she could barely walk in her last days,\" said Ciana.The student of Divine Child High School now faces a lonely life at home, along with financial insecurity. She will have to wait another till she is 18 to benefit from the fixed deposit account she inherited from her parents. For now, neighbors help her with household items and money.But she said one doesn't need to slog 18 hours a day, regular study really does the magic. \"I studied regularly right from the beginning of the year. During the exams, I studied not more than seven hours a day,\" she said. Ciana plans to study science and pursue her dream of being a doctor, which she believes would make her parents smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "14113290", "title": "China\u2019s Great Wall just got longer", "text": "BEIJING: Over 2,200 years since it was built, China's Great Wall continues to be a mystery as new studies reveal that it could be almost 2.4 times longer than originally measured to run 8,851.8km.Archaeologists, mapping experts find 43,721 sites related to the Great Wall structure crisscrossing the country making its overall length to be at 21,196.18km, according to the latest survey published by China's State Administration of Cultural Heritage.\"The previous estimation particularly refers to Great Walls built in the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), but this new measure includes Great Walls built in all dynasties,\" Yan Jianmin, office director of the China Great Wall Society, an NGO, said.Qin Shi Huang, the first emperor of the Qin Dynasty (221-206 BC), was famous for building the Great Wall. But construction of the wall had begun as early as 7th century BC, the new survey said.The oldest section of the Great Walls that has been found is the Great Wall of Qi State in Shandong province, and the Great Wall of Chu State in Henan province. Both date back to the Spring and Autumn Period (770-476BC), according to Yan.\"As years pass, some ground structures disappear. When local governments or companies develop the land, like coalmining or building new roads, they destroy the remaining parts under the ground,\" Yan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "14116131", "title": "Chandigarh traffic cops to screen film for traffic rules' violators", "text": "Chandigarh :In a bid to deter the traffic rules' violators from again indulging in any kind of offence, Chandigarh traffic police has decided to show them a 30-minute film on road safety, while he comes for the payment of traffic challan.According to the police officials, it would be mandatory for the offender to see this film, otherwise his impounded documents; like vehicle registration certificate or license, would not be returned.\"This decision has been taken after seen an unprecedented rise in the number of road accidents in Chandigarh. By showing these short-films and documentaries on road safety, we want to educate the traffic rules' violators,\" Alok Kumar, deputy inspector general of Chandigarh police, told TOI.\"It would work as a deterrent as the fim would would show that how a poor family suffered an unrepairable lose because of someone else's fault. Screening of this movie would be compulsory and only after this seized documents will be returned,\" he added.To show the film, a projector has been installed in the conference hall at the Traffic Lines office in sector 29, where violators go to pay the challan fee.In 2012, till May 31, a round 38 persons have lost their lives in different road accident in Chandigarh. Besides in the last three years, from 2009 to 2011, 445 people have lost lives in road accidents in Chandigarh. In 2011, number of accidents was 437 whereas in 2009 and 2010, 424 and 456 accidents were reported here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14124724", "title": "Steep rise in Euro 2012 viewership in metros: Neo", "text": "MUMBAI: The first four games of UEFA Euro 2012 Football Championship have seen a jump of over 50 per cent in television viewership in the six metros as compared to the previous edition four years ago, according to Neo Sports on whose platform it is being broadcast in India.\"The viewership rating for the first 4 games of UEFA Euro 2012 has seen a phenomenal growth of 53 per cent over the last edition,\" said a release from the channel.Besides the steep growth in ratings in the metros, the pan India viewership for the tournament that commenced on June 8, has also increased by 25 per cent and the total tune-ins have increased by 34 per cent as compared to Euro 2008 , according to the release.\"The opening numbers are fantastic and the high viewership growth over the last edition is a good indication of the growing popularity of Football,\" said broadcaster's COO Prasana Krishnan.He is expecting the ratings to rise during the latter stages of the 16-team tournament, which will conclude on July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14123271", "title": "City police busy in Bandobasts for next six months", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the next six months the Ahmedabad city police will be busy in a slew of bandobast, mainly to manage festivals and then the state assembly elections in December. The city commisionerate held a meeting last evening to discuss whether an additional force would be required to maintain law and order in the city.There have been at least four central intelligence inputs of a possible conspiracy by terrorists to sabotage festivals and the upcoming elections in Decemebr. \"There were one each in February and April, and then there were visits of senior intelligence staff who have shared specific information with us,\" says a senior police official.Unlike other towns and cities in the country, Ahmedabad witnesses couple of processions and melas during festivals. For the upcoming Jaganath Yatra the police has been arranging for security on the routes for nearly one month. After this, the Janmashtami procession, nine days of Navratri festivities, the Diwali rush and then elections for which a slew of public meetings and large gatherings in congested localities are a major concern.\"We have IPTV cameras installed at all critical junctions from where the yatra is to pass and then we are in the process of installing permanent CCTV cameras at all busy market places,\" adds the police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14125298", "title": "Anoop Jalota recalls his interaction with Mehdi Hassan", "text": "Renowned Bhajan singer Anoop Jalota on Wednesday shared his emotional thoughts about Mehdi Hassan, saying the noted ghazal singer had a soulful voice, and added that he had a huge fan following in the Indian film industry.\"Lata Mangeshkar had said that Allah rests in Mehdi Hassan's voice. The Allah talks to us through his voice. I still remember when he came to India for the first time. Several prominent personalities and artistes from the film industry gathered to receive him and welcome him in the traditional way of Indian reception of Aarati (lit lamps) offering,\" recalled Jalota.\"None of the artistes have got such respect and love like Mehdi Hassan. He deserved such respect and I am saddened by his demise,\" he added.Terming Hassan a 'university of his kind of music', Jalota said that several Indian singers imitated his voice and he was one of the many, a fact that he is proud of.\"Many great musicians are schools of their art forms, but Mehdi Hassan was a university. Hassan has sung most emotional ghazals. Other musicians have made their careers by listening to him,\" said Jalota.\"They have even imitated him and so have I. I still do so and I say this with pride. Even if someone sings a little like him, then he would be counted as one of the great singers,\" he added.India-born Ghazal legend Mehdi Hassan passed away earlier in the day following multiple organ failure at the age of 84.Hassan, who had millions of fans in India and Pakistan, had been admitted to the Agha Khan Hospital in the southern port city of Karachi some days ago. He had been in a serious condition and was on ventilator.Hassan came from a family of musicians who migrated from Rajasthan to Pakistan after the Partition. He was best known for his ghazals, but also sang thumris and playback for Pakistfilms.He received a number of awards and honours, among them the Saigal Award in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14122152", "title": "Indians taken on to olive oil", "text": "CHENNAI: With nearly one in every two urban Indian suffering from high cholesterol and triglycerides, more households in big cities are switching over to Olive oil as the cooking medium.Numerous studies on the use of olive oil as a cooking medium have shown that it lowers bad cholesterol and increases the level of good cholesterol . Olive oil is considered most effective for those suffering from cardio-vascular disease. More than 100 million Indians suffer from heart problems and over 40% of urban Indians have high cholesterol and triglycerides.Olive oil exports to India from Italy and Spain registered an increase of 49%. Total exports by the two major olive oil producing nations in January - December, 2011 were 5938 tonnes against 3988 tonnes in 2010 based on customs data from Italy and Spain, Indian Olive Association said.Imports from the other olive oil producing nations, viz Greece, Syria, Tunisia were virtually nil. 56% of the total during 2011 came from Spain against 44% from Italy. The corresponding percentages in 2010 were 54% from Spain and 46% from Italy, the association said.During 2012 - 13, two major campaigns to promote olive oil are underway in India funded by the European Union along with partner-state Italy and one campaign funded by the EU along with Spain.The demand for other edible oils in India has shown a steady growth at a CAGR of 4.43% over the period from 2001 to 2011. The growth has been driven by improvement in per capita consumption, which in turn is attributable to rising income levels and living standards.However, the current per capita consumption levels of India (at 13.3 Kg/year for 2009-10) are lower than global averages (24 kg/year). The Indian edible oils market continues to be underpenetrated and given the positive macro and demographic fundamentals it has a favourable demand growth outlook over the medium-to-long term, analysts at ICRA said in a note.In terms of volumes, palm oil, soyabean oil and mustard oil are the three largest consumed edible oils in India, with respective shares of 46%, 16% and 14% in total oil consumption in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111517", "title": "Pachpaoli hospital cries for attention!", "text": "NAGPUR: Stinking wards, sloppy corridors and unkempt beds, the NMC's maternity hospital at Pachpaoli is a picture of filth. Even the sanitary data gathered by hospital committee on Wednesday corroborates this.On one hand, the civic authorities are working towards a bin-free, garbage-free city; while on the other hand, patients at its Pachpaoli hospital are being treated in filthy conditions.Sanitary work at the NMC's Pachpaoli maternity hospital is badly hit due to shortage of workers for many years. There are only six sanitary workers, a number evidently deficient to keep the hospital clean. \"Of the six sanitary workers, just three are on duty. It is difficult to ensure proper cleaning of hospital toilets,\" para-medical staff told corporator and hospital committee member Dr Uma Gathibande.Dr Gathibande, on Wednesday, paid a surprise visit to the hospital which treats pregnant women and patients suffering from various other communicable diseases. The hospital is in a bad shape thanks to the lackadaisical approach adopted by the civic authorities.The hospital, which was established 15 years ago, now badly needs infrastructural maintenance. Many pipelines have been leaking for months now and need immediate attention. Patients convalescing at the labour ward complain about the stench emanating from the toilets. The para-medical staff has a tough time especially during monsoons.Despite repeated complaints made by the para-medical staff regarding the unhealthy conditions prevalent at the hospital, the higher authorities have initiated no action to fix the problems. A senior health officer, on condition of anonymity, said that their repeated demand to appoint additional sanitary workers has fallen on deaf ears.Dr Gathibande checked with authorities regarding the drugs stock with the hospital and also reviewed the other facilities with the hospital. She interacted with the patients to understand their problems. She asked the doctors to spell out their requirements specifically so that they could be incorporated in the hospital committee proposal regarding upgradation of civic hospitals across the city.\"The problem of deficient sanitary workers has to be addressed immediately. The civic hospitals are the only hope for poor patients. If these hospitals fail to provide them medical services in clean premises, where will they go,\" Dr Gathibande asked. She wondered why such a big premises was under used. \"When NMC can actually run 100-bedded hospital on this premises, why does the hospital have just 10 beds,\" she questioned. The hospital committee would definitely advise the mayor regarding this during the meeting scheduled next week, Dr Gathibande added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14121073", "title": "Bharat Cancer Hospital screens 2192 patients for oral cancer in a single day", "text": "SURAT : The city-based Bharat Cancer Hospital in association with the Hearts @ Work Foundation, a CSR initiative by Zenitex Private Limited and the Larsen and Toubro created a unique record of screening about 2192 persons, mainly labourers and textile and diamond workers, for oral cancer in a single day, at the screening camp held recently post World No Tobacco Day.Out of the 2192 patients screened for oral cancer, about 410 patients were referred for further investigation for a detailed cancer check-up. As most of the patients were labourers and workers from the diamond and textile industries, they were given lecture by eminent cancer specialists and shown motivational video to create awareness against tobacco and quit it.There was a team of about 50 doctors, 100 nurses and 200 volunteers led by eminent cancer specialists Dr Ravi Raj and Dr Nikunj Vithalani who checked 2192 patients for oral cancer throughout the day.\"We are extremely happy today that we have been successful in actually screening those workers and labourers for oral cancer who could not have afforded to do it themselves\" said Viral Desai, chairman of Hearts @ Work Foundation.Desai said that the L&T; had supported the event by organizing pick-up and drop facility for about 755 people from Hazira belt and that they were given food packets and cold-drinks as well.Dr Ravi Raj, cancer surgeon at Bharat Cancer Hospital said \"This is for the first time that such a huge oral cancer check-up camp was organised. About 2192 persons were successfully screened for oral cancer and that over 400 patients were referred for detailed cancer check-up\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14105107", "title": "India's mini-cabinet in US keeps eye on presidential election politics", "text": "WASHINGTON: It shouldn't be any surprise that the upcoming Presidential election is the talk of Washington DC at this time of the year.But what if we are talking of India's presidential election scheduled to take place next month? No surprise there either. With eight Union Ministers (including officials of equivalent rank) and numerous high ranking mandarins currently visiting Washington DC for the U.S-India strategic dialogue, all eyes and eyes are all trained towards New Delhi's Rashtrapati Bhavan race even as the Americans are gearing up for their own election in November.At one point during a reception at the historic Macomb Street home of the Indian ambassador to US, Nirupama Rao on Tuesday night, the Indian ministers, accompanied by some officials, gathered in a closed veranda-patio for a private tete-e-tete in what appeared to be a mini-cabinet meeting, even as Indian and American guests milled about in the capacious drawing room tucking into desserts after dinner. They were evidently taking stock of the day's talks and the agenda for the next day.But the sidebar conversations on either side of the mini-cabinet meeting were full of Presidential questions: Will \"Pranab-da\" get bumped up to Rashtrapati Bhavan was a question that trumped whether Barack Obama will get a second term in various India-U.S confabulations. Followed by, who will succeed Mukherjee in the finance ministry?The odds were even on Mukherjee's chances with much depending on Mamata Banerjee , one minister said, recounting their ''love-hate'' relationship and explosive encounters in the cabinet meetings when she was the railway minister. As for the finance ministry, if the Prime Minister had his way, it would be C.Rangarajan, the former Reserve Bank governor. No, not P.Chidambaram, although he is among the most competent ministers; he is having a hard-time holding on to his parliamentary seat.Of course, Washington too is keeping a close watch on the race, including whether Prime Minister Manmohan Singh himself will get propelled into Rashtrapati Bhavan or if Abdul Kalam will make a comeback; and who might end up in the Prime Ministerial chair. Each development has its own implication for the U.SThe race to Rashtrapati Bhavan has become so animated that is affecting even foreign office schedules. The MEA, for instance, for instance, is having to request Pakistan to reschedule External Affairs Minister S.M.Krishna's July 19-20 visit to Islamabad because he's in the electoral college for the Presidential election. Pakistan, of course, has its own presidential politics to contend with, as does China.These are interesting times in many parts of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "14121864", "title": "Congress bites the dust, BJP retains stronghold", "text": "MYSORE: The three sitting MLCs\u2014two from the ruling BJP and one from the JD(S)\u2014on Wednesday were re-elected to the Legislative Council, dashing the hopes of the Congress to make a cut among the educated class ahead of the Assembly polls.Though the Congress announced candidates eight months in advance, it failed to impress the voters \u2014teachers and graduates. In the run up to the polling, opposition leader Siddaramaiah, referring to the announcement of candidates much in advance, had argued that it would go in their favour.Rubbing salt into the wound, Congress candidate in the South-West Teachers' constituency got eliminated along with the independents in the first couple of rounds while rebel Congress candidate K K Manjunath Kumar stood second.JD(S) MLC Marithibbegowda won for a record third time from the South Teachers' constituency spread over Mysore, Mandya, Hassan and Chamarajanagar districts. He polled 10,384 votes, which is 3,318 more than the requisite quota of 7,066. BJP's Capt Ganesh Karnik is re-elected to the Upper House from the South-West Teachers' constituency. This is the second time the BJP leader has made the cut in the constituency comprising Dakshina Kannada, Kodagu, Chikmagalur, Shimoga and Davangere districts, the traditional strongholds of the saffron party.That Hassan and Mandya are JD(S) stronghold was reinforced as Marithibbegowda polled 70 per cent of the total votes polled while Capt Ganesh Karnik got 43 per cent in the BJP bastion. The Congress' efforts to make inroads into the saffron bastion post the victory in the Udupi-Chikmagalur parliamentary by-polls received a jolt with Shankaramurthy winning with a comfortable margin in the South-West Graduates' constituency.Both the BJP candidates could not get the requisite quota of votes after the end of the counting of the second preferential votes in their respective constituencies. Returning officer M V Jayanthi sought the permission from the Election Commission to declare both the candidates winners.Marithibbegowda attributed his success to the former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy, who, he said, initiated many pro-teacher policies when he was heading the government. \"It has helped me along with the works I've done for the teaching community,\" he said. Capt Ganesh Karnik said the party's collective leadership helped him to emerge victorious in the polls.\"I'm happy that I'm favoured by the teachers to serve them again,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119409", "title": "Daler's track 'Tunak Tunak' is still a big hit", "text": "The King of Bhangra Daler Mehndi's 'Tunak Tunak Tun' was released in 1998, almost a decade ago. It is 2012 now and there is no stopping for the track. The iconic song is still as popular as it was then, and kicking all over the world. The song is the greatest grosser in non-film music in India to this day. The track was an instant hit on release. Mehndi conceptualized music video in retaliation to the media's comment that the success of his videos depends only on the glam models featured in the videos.But the track for which Daler Mehndi choreographed became an instant hit. Known as the \"Pied piper track\", the song is a true internet phenomenon. A single copy of Tunak Tunak on YouTube has broken all the records with almost 70 million hits and 70 thousand comments and still increasing. The same video that turned desi stomachs has captivated audiences world wide to an extent that the phirangs and the angrez are not only shaking their legs to the tunes of Tunak Tunak, but inspired to create spin offs and parodies. The earliest parody of the song was created by the internet comedian Dannel Gomiller and was uploaded online in 2000. The video received 17,000 hits in a single day.So much so that even now, Dannel's website has the Tunak Tunak parody video on the landing page and the comedian states, \"But honestly, I know you are here for Daler Mehndi, and you can watch that below.\" Tunak explosion continued as the song was giving it subtitles for what it sounds like in English as the numbers of fans wanting to understand the lyrics boomed up. And then there were countless Romanian versions, Americanized versions, Greek versions, Caucasian editions, South Korean belly dance version and many more. The song added another accolade in its cap when the producers of the World of Warcraft got inspired by the Tunak Tunak and endowed their character Draenei with Tunak dance. For those who were still asking for more, a fan created ten hours of continuous Tunak.Daler Mehndi - The man behind the success of Tunak Tunak - not only created musical iconic track, his super hit song gave the words Tunak Tunak a bona fide meaning. The Urban Dictionary defines Tunak Tunak as an intoxicating dance originating from the Indian artist Daler Mehndi. Verbatim, Tunak Tunak is \"An intoxicating dance originating from the Indian artist Daler Mehndi. The song brings great joy to anyone and everyone who engages in the act of \"tunaking\" and Tunaking can become highly addictive.\" The song has broken all the barriers and united the world through just two words \"Tunak Tunak\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14111798", "title": "Gurgaon to get a Green Ring", "text": "GURGAON: The city will soon become a solar campus and will have all the significant areas lit up through solar energy, if the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) gives its nod to the Green Ring project. The Union Ministry of New and Renewable Energy and the United States Department of Energy are assisting Advit foundation (in association with the Times Group) in making this possible.On Monday, eminent members of the community and government held a meeting at the Rajiv Gandhi Renewable Energy Park in Leisure Valley to discuss solutions to run various renewable energies successfully. \"I will get solar panels installed in the city, especially in police stations and residential areas,\" said Praveen Kumar, administrator, HUDA.The Green Ring project will concentrate on the use of solar power for lighting common areas; adding greenery to the neighbourhood; waste management through composting; retrofitting existing structures; using green technology in new constructions and energy-efficient water pumping. \"Renewable energy is for households and new constructions. It is not confined to the government, rather it should be a part of the action plan of all builders and architects,\" said Dr A K Tripathi, director, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy.This project will first be tried in the pilot sample areas, 1km from HUDA City Centre to Golf Extension Road and from Sohna Road to Golf Course Road.This is the first time that solar energy will be used to light up the common areas of the city. \"Gurgaon has been selected for this pilot test as it is already a solar city,\" said Jayashree Kurup, head, content and research, Times Business Solutions limited.Citing the issues of space, lack of advanced technology and price, developers said that the installation of such a system can be taken care of in new projects. However, many real estate developers raised their grievances regarding the existing buildings and the consequences of the implementation of this system.\"Whatever is feasible should be implemented. We invested Rs 1,000 crore in three highrise buildings and are ready to launch it for almost three years, but cannot due to the new rules that are being implemented regarding renewable energy,\" said Praveen Raheja, director, Raheja Developers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107735", "title": "Sexual health information: Gujarat girls in the dark reveals study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A study conducted by Center for Health Education Training and Awareness (CHETNA) has revealed that adolescent girls in the state have poor and incomplete information about their bodies, conception, pregnancy and reproductive and sexual Infections. Adolescents aged between 10 and 19 years comprise around 22% of the total population of India.Poor access to information and services related to sexual and reproductive health (SRH), early marriage and pregnancy, poor life skills, sexual exploitation, and morbidity from risky behaviour are some of the challenges faced by this group.A study conducted by CHETNA in the Sabarkantha district of Gujarat underlines the pressing need to make SRH information accessible to adolescent girls. The results revealed that less than half of the girls (47%) had ever heard of HIV or AIDS.Indeed, just 40% reported unsafe sex and transfusion of infected blood as the major causes for infection. Only 64% of the girls surveyed were aware of the legal age for marriage for girls (18 years), and even less (41%) were aware of the legal age for marriage for boys (21 years). Only 24% of the girls knew about prevention and treatment of nutritional anaemia. And 21% of adolescent girls consumed iron and folic acid tablets. Less then 50% knew that even one penetrative sexual relation can make woman pregnant. Besides, 66% of adolescent girls were unaware of the purpose of condoms. Only 22% had ever seen a condom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "14122881", "title": "EC orders for additional 139 polling booths", "text": "BIJAPUR: \"In the district 139 new polling booths have been formed by dividing the earlier polling booths as per the directions of the Election Commission of India,\" said deputy commissioner Shivayogi Kalasad.Addressing the meeting of various political party leaders here on Tuesday, Kalasad said: \"Those who have objection over the new polling booths, which is already set up, may send their objection in writing before June 15.\"The newly-established 139 polling booths will be set up in eight assembly segments. \"In Muddebihal constituency (7), Devar Hipparagi constituency (8), Indi constituency (14), Sindagi constituency (8), Nagathan constituency (30), Bijapur city constituency (29), Babaleshwar constituency (20) and Basavana Bagewadi constituency (23) new polling booths will be set up,\" Kalasad said.The booths were set up according to the Election Commission order. It mentioned that if there were more than 1,500 voters in a particular both it will be divided into two,\" Kalasad said.Meanwhile, the deputy commissioner said \"The Election Commission made it compulsory to get the photographs of voters in the voters list. Hence, a photograph collection movement will be held throughout the district.\" He added: \"Those who have not given any photograph to the respective election office may submit immediately. However, those who have not submitted photographs will not be allowed to cast votes in the future election.\"Additional DC Kashinath Pawar, Urban Development Shell Project officer Gangubai Manakar, assistant commissioner Dr Budeppa, JDS leader Vijugouda Patil, BJP district president Chandrashekhar Kavatagi and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111840", "title": "BMC's shoddy paver block work clogs Mumbai's drains", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) shoddy job with paver blocks has not only dotted Mumbai's streets with depressions and bumps, but has also jammed many drains, according to experts and residents.TOI visited two spots in the western suburbs, where residents pointed out several problems: Andheri link road and Bandra's Hill Road.Many Andheri residents complained that the BMC was not diligent when it comes to laying paver blocks. Patrick Fleury a retired quality control engineer, said, \"The BMC does not have a system to control the quality of work. After the blocks are laid, they must ensure that excess cement and other material is removed from the site. But this never happens, and during the monsoon, the sand and cement is washed into drains, thus clogging them.\"Light rainfall in the past few days was enough to fill depressions along the road with water, and residents claimed that it was only a prelude to the misery to come. Rupesh Jain, the manger of an automobile showroom, said, \"It has hardly rained, but there are puddles along roads. If it starts raining heavily, we are in for one hell of a monsoon. Four out of five drains along the road are blocked with sand and other debris, leading to many puddles.\"Satish Badve, chief engineer (roads), said, \"We have replaced paver blocks in several parts of the city, thought some minor roads are yet to be repaired. The contractors have to clean up the road, lift extra material from the site, and clean drains along the road if they are clogged. If they do not do so, they shall be fined on a daily basis by the BMC.\"Jude Pereira, member of the Hill Road Residents' Association, said, \"They have started repairing the junction near St Stanislaus School with paver blocks. I hope they last this monsoon. I have yet to see any road where the blocks are in proper condition.\"Badve said, \"Like in the case of potholes, contractors will have to repair any depression that forms in the monsoon within 48 hours or they will be fined daily.\"Experts claimed that the fault lied with poor workmanship. N V Mirani, a retired principal secretary of the public works department, told TOI, \"The problem lies in laying the blocks. First, the surface must be prepared. It should be leveled with a bed of granular material like sand, which has to be spread out, and compacted. Only then can the paver blocks be laid. This step is often ignored and thus the blocks are not supported and depressions form.\"Another problem with the blocks is misalignment, Mirani said.\"The interlocking blocks are dependent on each other. If one is removed or gets loose, the adjoining one gets affected. Every time blocks are removed as a road has to be dug up, the contractors do not reassemble them properly, which often leads to depressions.\"Poor quality blocks also reduced a road's lifespan. A manufacturer said, \"An ISI-approved block should last four to five years given that it is laid properly. Rarely will you find a block that has broken; more often it is not laid properly. Most contractors use inferior blocks to cut expenses too.\"Times ViewMumbai has first-hand experience of how paver blocks, if used indiscriminately, can make for bad roads and potholes. A closer scrutiny now indicates paver blocks contribute significantly to clogged drains, Mumbai's second major problem during the monsoon. The BMC, if it's so much in love with paver blocks and thinks Mumbai cannot do without them, should at least follow expert advice and limit their use to pavements and junctions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111194", "title": "Route relay interlocking system installed, trains to run on time", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur division of Central Railway commissioned its advanced route relay interlocking (RRI) system on Wednesday to remove obsolete diamond crossing at Howrah end. The trains are expected to run on their scheduled time from Thursday.The work was completed by obtaining special traffic block on Wednesday from 2am to 6am. \"The new RRI has been successfully commissioned without any problems. The work was done 10 hours ahead of schedule. It is biggest RRI system across the Central Railway,\" said P D Patil, PRO of Central Railway.The new system started slowly. Due to human error there was problem in sequence in Ajni. There was trouble in advance starter which was sorted out immediately. In 'D' cabin there was complexity in block instrument that was also sorted out in time, Patil said.Due to the RRI work, at least 17 mail/express trains arrived around 2 to 3 hours behind scheduled time. The Mumbai-Gondia Vidarbha Express and Kolhapur-Gondia Maharashtra Express were not terminated at Nagpur and ran up to Gondia.The Railway Board chairman Vinay Mittal and general manager Subodh Kumar Jain have congratulated divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit for commissioning the RRI in such short time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "14122066", "title": "17 gamblers arrested in Chitradurga", "text": "CHITRADURGA: In separate raids, Chitradurga rural and Holalkere police arrested 17 persons engaged in gambling on Tuesday night.Acting on a tip-off, Chitradurga rural police station PSI Balachandra Naik raided a place near a prayer hall in Bhimasamudra and arrested 10 gamblers. Stake money of Rs 2,41,000 and a deck of cards have been seized from them.In the other raid, Holalkere police PSI Raveesh and his team raided a place in Kamanahally and arrested seven persons engaged in gambling. Stake money of Rs 3,000 and a pack of cards have been seized.Chikkajajur police have registered the cases, and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14121741", "title": "Police informer killed over past rivalry in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The Wadala Truck Terminal (WTT) police arrested two men allegedly for attacking and killing a police informer with a knife and a chopper on Tuesday evening. The incident occurred between 5.15 pm and 5.20 pm when the victim Nazir Shaikh, a resident of Powai, had gone to meet his friends at Mhada Transit Camp in Sion-Koliwada locality when he was attacked.During the probe, the police learnt that the main accused Nepali along with his six other friends planned to kill Shaikh to take revenge. \"It was learnt that Shaikh has tipped off the police about Nepali's brother Sarfyagagan Nepali whereabouts in 2006 which led to his encounter. Nepali's two accomplices -- Kalakumar Devendra and Manigadan Nayadu -- were been arrested from the locality minutes after committing the offence,\" said Wadala TT police senior inspector Nagesh Jadhav.Meanwhile, police are searching for the main accused and three other accomplices accused. Nepali was externed from city limits and hence he waited for around five years (2006-2012) to take revenge for his brother's killing.Amongst his criminal records, Nepali was also one of the accused in the murder of OP Singh, a former Chhota Rajan aide who was killed in Nashik jail in 2002.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14122598", "title": "Jail inmate dies of illness", "text": "VARANASI: Dharmnath (32), a prisoner of Jaunpur district jail died due to illness at district hospital in Jaunpur on Wednesday morning.According to reports, Dharmnath was lodged in jail since March 2010. He was convicted in a case of homicide. His family claimed that the jail administration had informed them four days back that Dharmnath was ill. His treatment was being done at jail's hospital. On noticing sharp deterioration in this health condition the jail authorities rushed him to district hospital where he died during the course of treatment.Woman killed: Body of an unidentified woman, aged around 25, was found lying along a pond in Dobhi area under Khetasarai police station in Jaunpur district on Wednesday morning. The killers had slit her throat. It is suspected that the woman had gone to attend some function as she had worn good clothes and ornaments, when she was targeted. Police were trying to ascertain her identity after sending the body for postmortem.Driver killed: Ramsagar Sharma (55), the driver of a truck was brutally murdered inside the cabin of truck near Hathwani village on Ranchi-Riva highway under Hathinala police station in Sonebhadra district on Tuesday night. According to reports, Sharma was heading towards Varanasi with his truck.Due to some technical fault he stopped the truck near Hathwani village on Tuesday evening and reported the matter to truck owner on phone. The latter informed him that he would reach there on Wednesday morning with mechanic. But, when he reached there the driver was found killed while the cleaner was missing. The iron rod used in killing Sharma was also found lying there. Police were investigating the matter after sending the body for postmortem.Boy drowned: Aman alias Golu (13), a native of Rasulpur village under Sarnath police station drowned in a pond outside his village on Wednesday morning. The incident occurred when he had gone to the pond with his friends for bathing. The villagers fished out his body.One killed in mishap: An unidentified driver of a pick up van was killed when his vehicle dashed a roadside tree in Rakhauna area under Mirzamurad police station on Tuesday night. He died on the spot. Police were trying to ascertain his identity.Dharmnath was lodged in jail since March 2010. He was convicted in a case of homicide. His family claimed that the jail administration had informed them four days", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14115310", "title": "Celebs mourn ghazal king Mehdi Hassan\u2019s death", "text": "Celebrities from the film industry and music world mourn ghazal king Mehndi Hasan's death. Amitabh Bachchan tweeted,``Deeply pained to learn of the passing away of Mehdi Hassan , in Pakistan .. a vocalist of immense fame and unique sonorous voice ..Mehdi Hassan, an entire era of soulful ghazal singing, gone .. now left with beautiful memories and personal meetings with him .. Mehdi Hassan once told me, he came from humble beginnings, and used to train and sing to the tone of the tractor sound in the fields Mehdi Hassan : ' ranjish hi sahi, dil hi dukhaane ke liye aa .. ' immortal rendition ..Sona Mahapatra:Most remember him as Shahanshah-e-ghazal but Mehdi Hassan who had Rajasthani roots was a maestro beyond! Dhrupad,Khayal&amp; my fav Mand's ! RIPShah Rukh Khan:memories of my mom cooking in a grimy kitchen as it rained outside, while mehdi hassan floated out of a Beltek 2 in zingagi mein toh sabhi pyaar kiya karte hain...main toh meri jaan, markrr bhi tumhein chahoonga Ali Zafar: Mehdi Hassan moves on &amp; lives forever. Leaving us with a legacy of music,magic,memories and so much more than words can describe Shreya Ghosal:Mehdi Hassan sa'ab is no more. The voice , who made many music lovers n lovers to find an expression of their heart's stories, is gone. R.I.P.Anupam Kher:Very saddened to hear about my fav Gazal Singer Mehdi Hassan's demise. As a student had gate crashed into Pak Embassy to listen to him. RIP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "14116151", "title": "Maintaining peace of state is our responsibility: Damdami Taksal", "text": "Amritsar: Sikh's prominent seminary Damdami Taksal that has been entrusted with the task of construction of memorial to Operation Blutesar in Golden Temple complex have taken responsibility of maintaining peace and communal harmony in Punjab. Ironically Taksal's 14th chief Jarnail Singh Bhinderawalae was the vanguard of Khalistan movement in Punjab.While talking to TOI on Thursday Baba Harnam Singh Khalsa, present chief of Damdami Taksal said that Taksal and entire Sant Samaj was the partner of SAD(B) and wouldn't allow anyone to jeopardize the hard earned peace of Punjab.\"The Congress and BJP leaders who are making hue and cry over construction of memorial had their own political motives and aspirations and were trying to take political benefit out of the situation\" he said. Khalsa said that during army's operation Jarnail Singh Bhinderanwala was not in Golden Temple but was close to Akal Takht, if the government wanted to bring him out there were other means also than attacking the Sikhs holiest of holy shrine with bombs. During Operation Bluestar, thousands of innocent Hindus and Sikhs were in the Golden Temple and the memorial was dedicated to all of them he said. He said the genesis of terrorism in Punjab lied in the Central government's apathy towards Sikhs.\"Till date the Central government has not done anything to assuage the hurt feelings of Sikhs\" he said. Khalsa said Sikhs had never objected over construction of memorial to Indira Gandhi , Rajiv Gandhi , Beant Singh, Harbans Lal Khnna then why so a hoopla was being raised for the construction to Operation Bluestar. \"We know the value of peace and we are responsible for maintaining peace of state and no one should issue provoking statements that could encourage miscreants to take advantage of the situation\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104107", "title": "Mamata, Mulayam reject Sonia's choice, dim Pranab's presidential hopes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mulayam Singh Yadav and Mamata Banerjee on Wednesday bowled a political googly, turning down Congress's choices for President and suggesting that the party should consider Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, along with former President A P J Abdul Kalam and former Speaker Somnath Chatterjee for the titular position.The bizarre turn to the twisty tale of presidential polls marked a setback to finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's candidature for the Rashtrapati Bhawan, which also advertized allies' growing fatigue with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, and may send Congress's arithmetic for July polls haywire. Although it may appear to potentially open up the prospect for a wild card entry for the Congress to jettison Sonia Gandhi's choices as revealed by Mamata may not be an easy option.Congress sources quickly ruled out the possibility of Prime Minister being shifted to Rashtrapati Bhawan, but the public suggestion by two powerful satraps can deepen doubts about his effectiveness during the remainder of the term. In fact, the maneuver by two allies who are likely to benefit from an early Lok Sabha election raised doubts if the coalition will last its full term.The high-wattage political drama unfolded in a public in a span of less two hours, with Banerjee shooting down both the candidates of Congress: Mukherjee as well as Vice-President Hamid Ansari , after a meeting with Sonia Gandhi . Speaking to reporters after the talks, Banerjee said \"We had detailed discussions. Sonia ji told me that she had discussions with allies and that her first choice was Pranab Mukherjee and second Hamid Ansari. I told her that at this point in time, I cannot say anything. We need to discuss with Mulayam Singhji and within my own party\".Soon after the West Bengal Chief Minister drove in her personal car to hold talks with Mulayam Singh Yadav. Addressing a press conference minutes after, the two listed their three preferences: Kalam, Manmohan, and Chatterjee, appealing to all political parties to endorse one of them.Given the significance of their decision, the two leaders arrived at it rather swiftly, pointing to a plan. Trinamool sources confirmed that the two leaders had been confabulating for some time to draw a short list which also included Speaker Meira Kumar and Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopal Krishna Gandhi.The joint show left Congressmen intrigued about what they were up to. The SP boss had all along not just assured Congressmen that he would support Pranab Mukherjee. He, in fact, lobbied for the finance minister, giving him an edge over Ansari. Naturally, his collaboration with Mamata who is determined to block the finance minister came as a shocker. Also because neither the bonhomie nor the joint advocacy for former Speaker Somnath Chatterjee, a bugbear for the Left, did not sit well with Mulayam's desire to re-cultivate his ties with CPM.Likewise, why Mamata who does not wish Mukherjee to be the President would support the idea of a vacancy in the PMO remained a conundrum. The finance minister has long been speculated to be among the prime ministerial probables. But this time, Congress having celebrated his indispensability, will find it difficult to give a cold shoulder to his aspiration.Mulayam's support for Kalam also repudiated the position that SP boss had taken against the candidature of \"non-political\" persons and former bureaucrats.Although efforts were already on to bring Mulayam around, the fast-paced events were a blow to Mukherjee. According to sources, Congress leadership is resigned that Mamata would never agree to back the veteran minister, and don't wish to compromise the unity of coalition by offending her. A strong section in Congress had always argued that reliance on Mulayam can be a risky proposition, given his dodgy record where he has remorselessly changed tack to Congress's inconvenience. His surprise partnership with Mamata could not have eased those suspicions.Of the two other names on the list of Mamata-Mulayam duo, Kalam is set to be a non-starter with Congress, given his perceived proximity to the anti-Congress sections. Chatterjee, in contrast, may be more acceptable. His earned the goodwill of Congress by his \"non-partisan\" handling of Lok Sabha during the tumult over the nuclear deal, which led to his expulsion from the CPM.His hostility to CPM suits Mamata who may find him useful also for countering the perception that by blocking Mukherjee, she has denied West Bengal a place in history.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14109650", "title": "Doorstep delivery of grains on cards", "text": "PATNA: The state government will shortly start a pilot project, called Doorstep Delivery (DSD), in one block each of the 38 districts, to supply foodgrains to every family belonging to the below poverty line ( BPL ), antyodaya and above poverty line (APL) categories.Food and consumer protection department minister Shyam Rajak said this at a workshop held on Wednesday to sensitize transporters to DSD system, as they would help in making the implementation of the pilot project successful, so that it could be replicated in other blocks later.Rajak explained that under DSD, godowns would be constructed or arranged through hiring in every panchayat for the storage of foodgrains to be distributed through public distribution system (PDS) shops. Every such godown would have a computer, operator, salesman and guard.Trucks provided with GPS facility would first lift foodgrains from Food Corporation of India ( FCI) godowns and deliver it at the state food corporation (SFC) godowns. Subsequently, trucks would carry foodgrains to panchayat-level godowns as per their quota, after which PDS shopkeepers would lift their quota of foodgrains. If any PDS shopkeeper is not able to lift his or her quota of foodgrain in time, his or her quota would be kept at Panchayat Bhawan.Rajak also said the state government has already been making preparations in this regard. In this regard, district supply officers and block supply officers have been asked to make required preparations, while steps had also been taken for the appointment of computer operators, he said, adding that computers and laptops had been provided to 307 godowns in the state and route charts for the movement of trucks had also been readied.Among others who highlighted the salient features of the DSD system for transporters participating in the workshop were department's principal secretary Shishir Sinha, joint secretary Jai Shankar Prasad Yadav and SFC managing director Pradip Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120394", "title": "3 cops held for businessman attack", "text": "GUWAHATI: The recent arrest of three policemen in connection with several robberies in the city has once again brought to the fore the nexus between a section of police and criminal groups here. City police, who were investigating an attack on businessman Dindayal Saraogi, have arrested eight persons including three personnel of the Assam Police Battalion in the past three days. Saraogi was injured when he was shot by miscreants recently.The arrested persons were identified as havildar Chakradhar Kalita, constable Mitu Kherkatari, constable Dipumoni Nath, Jogendra Roy, Jitu Barman, Bhupen Das, Krishna Sarkar Das and Kailash Bhagat alias Kailash Singh. Kailash hails from Bihar and was arrested by Bihar Police on Monday. All of them were sent to police custody for seven days. According to the police, the policemen were lured by the group of criminals. \"They were deployed as personal security officers for some businessmen. They have seen money from a close range and it was easy to lure them to commit the crime. However, they did not use their service guns while committing the crime,\" said a senior official of Pandu division.Police sources said that the police department is very upset with the arrest of the three cops in connection with the robbery. The three will be suspended soon.The gang has been involved in such crimes for a long time. \"The gang was involved in the shooting of Pankaj Sarma in October 2011. They were also involved in the Bikram Chaurasia shooting that happened in April this year. They are involved in many other cases of looting. It's a shame that our own people are involved in such crimes,\" said a top official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14112851", "title": "Meningitis and brain clots no hurdle", "text": "NAGPUR: While most teenage boys enjoy being a hero and fighting off villains in virtual games, Chetan Shinde proved to be a hero in real life. The deadly meningitis was not enough to stop this young kid from achieving his goal - to clear SSC with flying colours. And he did that by scoring 85% in the board exam.A student of Somalwar School (Ramdaspeth branch), Chetan was diagnosed with meningitis and a few clots in his brain in 2010. He had to be operated upon the same year.Chetan's prolonged weakness and slow recovery were the reasons that he was unable to appear for his board exams last year. \"I had lost hope and being left behind of your classmates is a very unpleasant feeling,\" said Chetan.But he had made up his mind to not get bogged down and give it is his best shot. \"Gradually I took this up as a challenge and, my parents and teachers were very supportive. My principal made special arrangements for my internal exams and also managed to get me a writer for the boards,\" he told TOI. Chetan fought his way through the sickness and refused to be bogged down by his condition.His mother, Anjali said, \"There were times when we had to ask him to stop studying and on occasions he found it difficult to even hold a pen. We did not want to pressure him either mentally and physically for the exam.\"Gundurao, Chetan's father, said, \"My son is a fighter but I did not want to burden him with our high expectations. But, then, he was always good in studies and because of him I am on cloud nine today.\"Chetan wants to be an electrical engineer and will continue studying in the city itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14121443", "title": "Indian Navy &amp; Royal Navy shares views on maritime operations", "text": "MUMBAI: To exchange and share views on the maritime areas of Anti-Piracy, Humanitarian Assistance, Disaster Relief, Information Sharing, amphibious warfare training and submarine rescue operations, the Royal Navy (RN) Ship HMS Daring from UK is on a visit to Mumbai from June 11 to 14. The ship is commanded by Capt Guy Robinson and has a crew of 227 personnel.The Indian Navy (IN) officials said that during her stay, the ship's crew interacted with various personnel of the Western Naval Command. CO Daring and Naval &amp; Air Adviser UK called on the Flag Officer Commanding Western Fleet Rear Admiral AR Karve.The IN has traditional links with the RN and has come a long way in institutionalising the defence relationship between the two countries. Both Navies over the years have built up high levels of interoperability through conduct of Konkan Series of bi-lateral exercises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14124391", "title": "Scientists grow new vein from girl's stem cell", "text": "LONDON: For the first time, scientists led by an Indian-origin researcher have successfully replaced a major blood vessel in a 10-year-old girl with a vein grown in a lab using her own stem cells.The pioneering transplant, published in The Lancet, marks a further advance in growing body parts in laboratory and offers hopes for patients who lack suitable veins for dialysis or bypass surgery.In the landmark research, a team from the University of Gothenburg in Sweden took a vein from a dead man, stripped of its own cells and then bathed in stem cells from the girl, who was suffering from portal vein obstruction.There was a \"striking\" improvement in her quality of life after the transplantation, Prof Suchitra Sumitran-Holgersson, who led the research, said.\"This is the future for tissue engineering, where we can make tailor-made organs in the lab,\" Sumitran-Holgersson said.According to researchers, the hepatic portal vein, from which the girl was suffering, drains the blood from the intestines and spleen to the liver, and blockage can cause serious complications such as lethal variceal bleeding, enlarged spleen, developmental retardation, and even death.To date, attempts to restore portal blood flow using umbilical veins and artificial grafts to build a bridge around the blockage (called meso Rex bypass) have had mixed success.In the new study, the Swedish team took a 9cm segment of iliac (groin) vein from a live human donor and removed all living cells, leaving a tube consisting of just the protein scaffolding.This scaffolding was injected with stem cells obtained from the girl's own bone marrow. Two weeks after seeding, the graft was re-implanted during a meso Rex bypass procedure.The recipient had no complications from the operation and the procedure immediately restored normal blood flow. In the year following the operation the girl gained good height and weight.But a year after the procedure, decreased portal blood flow was noted and a narrowing of the graft required a second stem cell-based graft to be done. Since, the girl has remained well and is able to take long distance walks. Importantly, she has not developed anti-donor antibodies despite not taking immuno suppressive drugs, the team noted.\"The new stem-cells derived graft resulted not only in good blood flow rates and normal laboratory test values but also, in strikingly improved quality of life for the patient, the researches concluded.\"The work also establishes the feasibility and safety of a novel paradigm for treatment, in cases of venous insufficiency, obstructed veins or inadequate autologous veins. Furthermore our work opens interesting new areas of research, including trying to reproduce arteries for surgical use in patients with arteriovenous fistulas for dialysis [a type of vascular access for dialysis] or coronary bypass surgery,\" they noted.Commenting on the research, Martin Birchall and George Hamilton from University College London said: \"The young girl in this report was spared the trauma of having veins harvested from the deep neck or leg with the associated risk of lower limb disorders, and avoided the need for a liver or multivisceral transplantation.\"But they cautioned the technique now needed to be tested in clinical trials and developed into a straightforward quality-controlled production process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "14119786", "title": "New police stations in Hazaribag soon", "text": "Hazaribag: With a view to streamline the service of policemen in the remote areas of the district, the administration has decided to set up six new police stations.SP Pankaj Kamboj said some of the newly-created blocks that were devoid of any police station have been sanctioned one each. The places that will soon get a new police station include Daroo, Katkumdag, Darhi, Chalkusha and Tatijharia. \"Apart from this, some old police stations will also be upgraded including Ichak, Giddi and Gorhar,\" said the SP.Some new sites have been sanctioned by the authorities for setting up the police stations and construction work will start on them, soon. He said efforts are on to procure more land for other police stations as both the central and state governments have issued directives to take up the issue on priority basis. The police personnel who are fighting the Maoists and anti-social elements should get all comforts at the place of their posting. However, the SP did not disclose the amount which will be spent over the construction of the new buildings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14112667", "title": "Private tankers make a killing", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital's water woes have only worsened with people in more areas complaining of erratic water supply and irregular delivery of DJB tankers. Private water suppliers, meanwhile, are making the most of the crisis.\"The supply barely lasts for about 15-20 minutes on an average and the timing is not fixed,\" said Geetanjali Saxena, vice-president, Vasant Vihar RWA. \"The blocks at the tail-end get water at insufficient pressure and some streets of A Block have not received supply for 6-8 months now,\" she added.Some residents feel the situation is much worse than last year. \"Cashing in on the shortage, private tankers charge around Rs 2,000 for 1,000 litres in some areas, said another resident, Samir Bhagat.DJB tankers aren't much help either. \"Supply from tankers is dependent on how much one is ready to shell out. Workers demand money to supply water beyond 10 minutes,\" alleged Saxena. We have requested our area MLA to undertake an Underground Reservoir (UGR) project. That should help,\" she said.\"A tanker takes about four days to arrive and the water gets distributed among select residents. Private tankers charge exorbitantly but they are our only option,\" said Ekta Singh, a resident of Chattarpur.In Vasant Kunj, the situation is even worse because of the uneven terrain. \"The blocks located at the bottom of a slope do not get supply at sufficient pressure,\" said V N Masaldan, a resident of B-9 extension, which has two out of the four blocks facing acute water shortage.As a temporary solution, residents of Chattarpur have installed a system that supplies tube well water to their homes.\"Around 20,000 people depend on 13 tube wells. We have employed a private operator to maintain the water supply at our own expenses,\" said Ompal Singh Ahlawat, president, Chattarpur RWA. However, at times the water supply from tube wells is contaminated. \"The water is not clear and has a foul smell,\" said Meena Dhillon, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahemdabad", "code": "14123998", "title": "Youth arrested for liquor trade in Bhuj sub jail", "text": "AHEMDABAD: A mobile call made from the Bhuj Sub-jail was enough for Arvind Pandey, a murder accused to rush to the jail premises with plastic water bottles. Pandey was not going to meet the jail inmates, but he was going there to supply them Indian Made Foreign Liquor. Recently the Bhuj police acting on a tip off arrested Pandey who use to supply liquor within the jail. Officials said that Pandey who was a murder accused was released from the jail before six month had started liq-uor trade after coming out from the Jail.Bhuj police said since he knew other inmates, supplying liquor be-came easy for him. Pandey use to get calls from the jail after which he would fill Indian made foreign liquor in plastic bottles.A particular spot was decided in advance. After reaching the spot he would call the inmate at the spot and then throw the liquor bottle inside the jail. Once the delivery was successful, Pandey would collect the money from the family of the jail inmates. During one such operation, the police arrested him while supplying liquor inside the jail.\"Since this was a sub jail there were jammers were installed and hence one can easily use mobile phones from the jail. We are also suspecting some involvement of the staff in the entire racket and hence we are interrogating Pandey about who all were involved,\" said a senior officer from the B-division police station in Bhuj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111129", "title": "Hardworking Sejmeen silences odds", "text": "NAGPUR: Sejmeen Panjwani's score of 90.91% may not appear to be a great achievement initially, but when one considers that she is a student of the Deaf and Dumb Industrial Institute, Shankar Nagar, the significance of her achievement is realized.A hardworking student, Sejmeen is an absolutely 'no nonsense' girl who devotes most of her time to studies. \"She has a thirst for knowledge and is very persistent. If she wants to know something, she will pester the teacher till the time she has been told what she wants to know,\" said Kamal Waghmare, supervisor, who has known Sejmeen since her childhood.Sejmeen comes across as a determined person in the face of the adversities that engulf her life. Her parents and elder sister are also deaf and mute. Her father works at his brother's shoe shop and earns a meagre livelihood.In spite of all this, Sejmeen has a practical approach to life and takes everything in her stride as it comes. She says through her interpreter that she wants to pursue commerce studies. As her school does not provide commerce as a stream in Std XI and XII, she will be required to attend a regular college.Asked whether she is worried about the difficulties this could pose, she says that she will join special classes and then tackle problems as they come. Her parents don't know about her success as she can't phone them and they wouldn't understand text messages. \"I will tell them once I get home,\" she says calmly through her interpreter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111491", "title": "Government sanction now must to prosecute corporators", "text": "NAGPUR: The state cabinet at its meeting on Wednesday decided to amend municipal laws in order to make it mandatory to obtain the government permission for prosecution of municipal corporators and councillors for offences under CrPC and anti-corruption cases.Section 21 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and corporation Acts identify corporators as public servants but under Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) or the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, several corporation Acts do not recognize corporators as public servants. So, there was lack of clarity as to whose permission was required if criminal or corruption charges were to be initiated against a councillor or a corporator. The cabinet gave its nod for amending relevant sections of various municipal laws, including those applicable in cities like Mumbai and Nagpur, for the purpose.However, it may not be necessary to obtain previous sanction of the state government to take cognisance of such offence and issuing of administrative instructions may be required.In another decision, the cabinet decided to allocate special funds for development works in areas newly added to municipal corporations and to newly created municipal councils. Municipal corporations whose limits have expanded in the past three years and newly created civic council would stand to benefit. The funds could be used for creating basic amenities and civic infrastructure in new areas. For such projects while the government would provide 80% of the cost the remaining would have to be shared by the civic body.The state cabinet has also given approval to freeze some of its terms for creation of a terminal market at Babgaon in Bhivandi in order to provide 36.75 hectares of the land for it. The precondition imposed on the agriculture marketing board to deposit a working capital equivalent to the land cost has been waived. Instead, a rent of Rs 2.75 crore per year for the first four years since inception and hike of 2.5 annually in subsequent years has been accepted.Under the Central government scheme, terminal markets are to come up in every city in the state with over 10 lakh population.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112596", "title": "ACP Dhoble says raids on bars and pubs to continue", "text": "MUMBAI: Assistant commissioner of police Vasant Dhoble, in the news for conducting raids on pubs and eateries, has said his action was focussed on those flouting rules and was not indented to harass patrons.\"The raids will continue,\" he said on Wednesday. \"I target only those establishments that violate the law.\"Of the city's 50 pubs and lounges, and around 7,000 small dining and drinking joints, those running around 350 establishments are habitual offenders,\" Dhoble said. \"And they become my targets. I will continue my action against illegal activities at such places. Despite pressure on me to not do so, I want to ensure the law is upheld.\"Dhoble has been criticized for highhandedness while carrying out his raids and causing inconvenience to patrons. But he said he never assaulted any of them or taken action unless they were found to indulge in illegal activities. He justified his methods, saying he photographs patrons and takes down their names and addresses so that he could maintain proof of the number of people present at the venue being raided.Dhoble is not new to controversy. His career has been marked with a custodial death case, suspension and \"on-the-spot\" justice. He was reportedly kept out of active postings for long because of his alleged violent behaviour. He is said to always carry a hockey stick and has been accused of assaulting people during raids on bars, eateries and hookah parlours.A police officer said that despite such allegations and controversies, Dhoble enjoys the support of senior IPS off i c e r s a n d w a s n eve r \"dumped\" in the force because of his reputation of being an \"honest officer\".Police commissioner Arup Patnaik had picked Dhoble to lead the social service branch, which takes action against bars and pubs involved in prostitution and other offences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "14106786", "title": "Trafficking case: Ghaziabad police rescue two girls, 1 arrested", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad police have arrested one person and claim to have rescued two underage girls who were to be sold for Rs 5,000 each. The police have also booked two women in this connection. A senior police officer said that they got a tip-off that a person was going to arrive in Ghaziabad to sell the two girls, who would be allegedly pushed into prostitution.Acting on the information, policemen in plainclothes were then deployed at Ghaziabad railway station. At 4pm on Tuesday, police managed to arrest the accused identified as Munna, a Jhansi resident. \"One of the girls is from Bihar while the second is a native of Jharkhand. The accused had lured the girl by promising them jobs. He had planned with two women to push the girls in prostitution,\" the officer said.The women who have been booked are Firoza Khatun and Bimla from Bihar.During interrogation, Munna said he used to keep a close tab at Metro stations, railway stations, intersections and slum areas to trap girls. \"He told us that so far he has sold five girls,\" said Vijay Nagar police station in-charge, Rajesh Dwivedi.The girls have been kept in a child care home and will be produced before a court on Thursday. The police said that the families of the girls are yet to identified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14109726", "title": "Pacheco's criminal case adjourned", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao additional sessions court judge, Vijaya Pol, on Wednesday adjourned the hearing of an application filed by former tourism minister and Nuvem legislator Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco to July 15. He has challenged the six-month jail term imposed against him by the assistant sessions court in the electricity department junior engineer assault case.Pacheco was held guilty for assaulting a junior engineer of the electricity department, Kapil Natekar, after calling him to his office on July 16, 2006, as he did not attend a phone call relating to a complaint of power failure.In October, 2011, the assistant sessions court judge, Irshad Agha, dismissed Pacheco's appeal and held the MLA guilty under Section 353 of the IPC (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty). The judge, however, reduced the sentence to six months simple imprisonment, stating that the one-year sentence imposed by the judicial magistrate first class court 'appears to be harsh'. The court had also directed Pacheco to pay a fine of 1,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "14122027", "title": "Another ryot succumbs to H1N1", "text": "CHITRADURGA: A farmer from Kalkere, coming under Dummi GP in Holalkere taluk, died of H1N1 on June 10. This is the second epidemic-related case to be recorded in the district within a month: another farmer from Bahaddurghatta of Chitradurga taluk had succumbed to the disease on May 17.They were admitted to Manipal Hospital in Bangalore for treatment, but did not respond to treatment, and died there, said district nodal officer Dr Ranganath on Wednesday.The farmer from Bahaddurghatta was treated locally for cold, cough and fever before being shifted to Manipal Hospital. He was diagnosed to be inflicted with H1N1 in Bangalore, said Dr Mahalingappa, in charge district health and family welfare officer.The 58-year-old farmer from Kalkere had been to Bangalore for the betrothal ceremony of his daughter a fortnight ago. He too was treated for cold and cough locally. But in Manipal Hospital, it was found to be H1N1.The officers said the incidence of dengue and other epidemics have come down following awareness programmes on sanitation and hygiene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "14104928", "title": "Bengal cops turn away gang rape victims", "text": "NADIA: A 20-year-old woman and her mother-in-law were raped at their Krishnaganj Monoharpur home, while the woman's two sons - aged four and two - were held at knife point. The incident took place on Saturday afternoon. Later, on Sunday morning, when the victims went to the Krishnaganj police station to file a complaint, the cops refused to take it. When the miscreants got to know that the two had approached the police, they tried to burn the family alive by setting their house on fire on Sunday night. It was only after senior officers intervened that a complaint was finally lodged on Tuesday.The woman and her mother-in-law were rendered helpless as a gang of four raided their home on Sunday. The woman's two sons and her grandfather-in-law were also at home when the incident took place. As age doesn't permit the 90-year-old to move about, it made things easier for the goons. While two of them brandished weapons and took the two children captive, the other two forcibly took the woman and her 45-year-old mother-in-law to two rooms and allegedly raped them.One of the victims said that she had often spotted the miscreants sitting at the Kali temple near her house. She alleged that they used to dope and booze at the spot.\"Before leaving, the goons threatened to kill my children if we dared raise an alarm. So, we decided to keep quiet,\" said the woman. She suspects that they were aware of the fact that her husband, a kirtan singer by profession, was away on work and thus took advantage of the situation.The victims, who were initially too traumatized, gathered courage later to lodge a complaint. Little did they know that yet another harrowing experience was awaiting them. The woman and her mother-in-law were blatantly turned down by the police.That very night, while they were fast asleep, the miscreants set their house on fire. The family somehow managed to escape in time and have taken refuge at a relative's house in Chapra's Parsunda.The woman still did not give up. She went ahead and met senior police officials in Krishnagar. Consequently, a complaint was registered on Tuesday. Nadia SP Sabyasachi Raman Mishra, however, denied the allegations. \"We have no information about the police having refused to file a complaint. Probe has been started and we are looking into both the charges of rape and an attempt to burn the family alive,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119253", "title": "Abhishek Bachchan at the 24-hour Le Mans race", "text": "Abhishek has a secret passion. Besides wife Aishwarya and daughter Aaradhya, that is. Abhishek loves fast cars , specially those that burn up the race tracks. Unlike his contemporaries from the film fraternity who rush to the Grand Prix races every year Abhishek has chosen to attend a far more eltist race event .He left on Tuesday night for the 24 Hours Of Le Mans car racing event to be held on 16 June in the scenic town of Le Mans in France.Apparently Abhishek had been planning to attend this 80-year old annual racing event for some years now.\"But he never got around to it until now.Every year something or the other would come up putting a roadblock in the way of his secret fantasy. This year Abhishek was determined to make it, come what may. He virtually stayed awake nights to complete the dubbing of Bol Bachchan so that he would get time off for a few days before he returns for the promotion of the film,\" says a friend of Abhishek's.Interestingly Le Mans is the only car racing event in the world where the cars on the tracks uninterrupted for 24 hours.\"Abhishek will be glued non-stop to the tracks for 24 hours. He's as excited as a schoolboy about realizing one of his secret dreams.\"Abhishek left on Tuesday night. He returns at the end of the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14108514", "title": "Add on courses neglected by the city youth", "text": "JAIPUR: The additional courses running in various colleges of the city are losing their importance despite of their immense benefits and skill developing techniques. These short term programmes prepares students to meet the challenges of the global working environment.Add on courses such as banking, computer applications, photography, music, tourism &amp; airline management provides a good opportunity to the students to learn something apart from regular subjects, said P.R. Sharma, principal of Maharaja college who offers biotechnology and elementary computer application additional courses.Such self oriented courses provide practical knowledge and help students in learning their regular subjects in an efficient way. After successful completion of these additional programmes one can opt them as a career option rather than finding a job according to the degree generated.According to Dr. Tanuja Mathur, vice principal of Maharani college, professionally qualified graduates with a sound knowledge of their core disciplines and expertise in a concerned skill will have more openings in service, industry and self-employmentsectors but somehow students are losing interest.A very less percentage of students go for add on courses these days because they perceive them as an extra burden on their regular studies. Moreover, since the UGC has started providing fund to only a limited number of colleges, the value of additional programmes has fallen drastically. The college administration is not ready to take pains for providing infrastructure and faculty to the students on their own.Prof. N.K. Kumbhat, principal of commerce college says, \"None has opted add on course in our college since 5 years because students take it as an additional burden\".Rashmi Chaturvedi, principal of Kanodia college says, \"It is quite difficult to manage add on classes with regular time table but we still do it. Also students feel that rather than doing a course in 2-3 years, they can easily complete the same in 3 months only from a private institute. So the number is depleting at a high rate\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14119388", "title": "Four held with controversial posters in Tapi", "text": "SURAT: Four persons, who were trying to put banners condemning the state government, were nabbed by police and booked for spreading enmity among tribals in Valod village of Tapi district on Monday evening.Deputy sarpanch of Valod Dhaval Shah and BJP youth leader of Tapi Umesh Bhavsar, had spotted the four at Valod crossroads trying to put the banners about injustice to tribal people. They informed the police, who took the accused in their custody.Driver of the tempo Salim Ghanchi, Shamji Jadav, Jayesh Parmar and Dilipa Rathod are all from Ahmedabad. Police have seized the tempo GJ-6-TT-4131 with 12 banners.\"The accused said they don't know the person who gave them the posters. They were paid to put the banners. We are questioning the accused and will do those others who are behind this,\" sub-inspector at Valod police station R M Gamit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "shravasti", "code": "14117978", "title": "Mob attacks cops, frees arrested youth", "text": "SHRAVASTI: Four policemen, including station officer of Sonwa RK Yadav, were injured when villagers attacked them and managed to free a local youth arrested for running an illegal unit of countrymade liquor here.Villagers pelted stones and also beat policemen with sticks. The policemen had to make a retreat from the spot to save themselves.An FIR has been registered against 16 persons at the Sonwa police station in this connection. The police have arrested two attackers, Moti and Ugjar.The attack was organised to rescue Musa. \"We gave the villagers our identity but they refused to let us take away Musa,\" said Yadav.According to Yadav, they got a tip-off that in Baldera village several persons were running illegal units of country-made liquor.The police reached the village last night and conducted raid at several houses. Musa was caught red-handed. The policemen were taking him to the jeep when villagers arrived and blocked the road.They entered into an argument with the police and demanded Musa's release. The situation soon turned ugly when the police refused to release Musa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111463", "title": "Haque is new Gadchiroli SP", "text": "NAGPUR: Sewez Haque is all set to replace S Vireesh Prabhu as the new superintendent of police (SP) of Gadchiroli district. Prabhu will replace S Jaykumar as Amravati rural SP.Haque, who was so far in Chandrapur, was sent to Gadchiroli following a state home department decision that a senior SP would be sent to the Naxal-affected Gadchiroli which is witnessing possibly one of the most critical phase in its history as far as rebels' aggression is concerned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108452", "title": "13 abortion clinics in Nashik seek closure", "text": "NASHIK: With government agencies launching an offensive to curb female foeticide, 13 medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres in Nashik district have sought permission to close down.\"In all 13 MTP centres have sought permission to close down. We have asked our officers to check the records in detail and only then take appropriate action,\" collector Vilas Patil said.During the course of its campaign the administration has inspected more than 144 sonography centres of which eight, in rural areas, have been sealed as a preventive measure since their records were not maintained properly. Officials are probing these centres for their certificates and records to see if any illegal activity involving foeticide was conducted.\" Not much has been found so far in the cases of the sealed sonography centres,\" the collector said, adding that the so far 59 MTP centres had also been closed down on the same grounds. Officials are trying to find out the exact reasons for the 13 MTP centres seeking closure. They said that each case was being being examined individually.It may be recalled that last week, 57 MTP centres were shut down along with eight sonography centres. Two more MTP centres were closed down, taking the total number to 59.There are 13 special squads deployed by the government to tour the district and inspect sonography machines and MTP centres. The special drive has been initiated following the discovery of cases of female foetuses in Beed and other parts of the state.Officials have pointed out that the sealed centres were located in Satana, Kalwan, Peth and Surgana- towns which share the border with Gujarat - which could be indicative of a trend or link.It is suspected that these centres are patronized by people living in Gujarat, which may include migrants from Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111131", "title": "With her grit, Sayali leaves adversities speechless", "text": "NAGPUR: Having speaking and hearing impairment was not the only obstacle in Sayali Behre's path of appearing for the SSC examinations. For the past few years, she also started having serious problems in her vision. But fighting all odds, she managed to score a fighting 70% in Std X.\"She was a premature baby and the doctor had warned that she would have these problems. Right now, she has to wear high powered spectacles. We have always supported her, especially her father with whom she shares a deep understanding,\" said Snehal Behre, Sayali's mother.Sayali said that when her vision started to become weak she was very scared and nervous as she already had speaking and listening problems. \"But my mother was a big support and I managed to score decently,\" Sayali said through an interpreter.Sayali is all set to pursue HSC in her own school, the Deaf and Dumb Industrial Institute, in the arts stream. After that, she plans to take some vocational training and computer classes in order to get a job.Sayali stands out as a shining example of the power of human grit and perseverance. With her sheer determination, facing numerous handicaps and financial problems Sayali emerged as a winner, proving the adage 'Where there is will there is a way' true.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14124699", "title": "State transport registers decline in numbers", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) has registered slight decrease in passenger numbers during summer vacations . MSRTC sources said that lack of muhurtas for weddings and scarcity-like situation in many parts of the state has cut down passenger numbers.Sources said that there has been a decrease of around 10 to 12% in the passengers traveling from Pune division to other divisions. On an average, the load factor during the summer vacation remains around above 80%, this time it has came down to about 70%, said an official from Pune division. He added that lower turn out could hamper the earnings.April and May are supposed to be months for weddings. However, this year there were few auspicious days that were suitable for marriages. Hence people didn't travel much to other cities to other cities. Besides this over the last few years there has been an increasing trend to travel in private vehicles among citizens which could have impacted the passenger turn out for the state-run buses, said an official.MSRTC had planned to run about 600 additional buses to various routes from Pune during the vacation. Most buses were planned to cities in Marathwada, North Maharashtra and at some locations in Vidarbha. \"With beginning of academic year in June we are not expecting an increase in passenger numbers\", said an official", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107963", "title": "Call drops higher in Gujarat than most states", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Call drops have been higher in Gujarat with even leading telecom players not giving subscribers as much satisfaction as they have been in most other states, says a survey by the telecom sector regulator, Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI). TRAI's latest network audit released for the assessment of Quality of Service (QOS) to assess customer satisfaction of telecom services in various states was released last week.The data created out of customer responses compares voice quality, network availability, call set-up success rate, call drop rate, metering and billing credibility, and help services, among other things of various telecom players in different states of the country.The TRAI data suggests that most users in Gujarat are facing problems related to service. TRAI has set a benchmark of 2 per cent for call drops. The services of telecom operators in Gujarat have seen calls dropping at 1.96 per cent. This is higher as compared to other states like Tamil Nadu at 1.06 per cent, Andhra Pradesh at 1.67 per cent, Madhya Pradesh at 1.75 per cent, Orissa at 1.84 per cent, Maharashtra at 1.89 per cent and Jammu &amp; Kashmir at 1.88 per cent.Metros like Chennai recorded the highest call drop at 0.82 per cent, Delhi at 1.59 percent, Mumbai at 1.70 per cent and Kolkata at 1.83 per cent.States like Bihar and the North East area surveyed by TRAI were those that lagged behind Gujarat at 2.17 per cent and 2.92 per cent. On the other hand, landline services won customer satisfaction with 84 per cent call completion, the report said. TRAI had engaged an independent agency to conduct network audit for the assessment.TRAI has conducted the audit of services being provided by the service providers and collected customers' views through survey for the assessment of implementation and effectiveness of the Telecom Consumers Protection and Redressal of Grievance Regulation, 2007 and customers' perception of service of basic, cellular mobile and broadband service providers during the period from July to September, 2011. \"Gujarat has been a focus for us since many years. Some problems in terms of network issues are usual with subscribers depending on the area they reside in. With mobile number portability, competition has increased and we ensure that the voice quality and call drop issues are addressed at the earliest,\" an official with a telecom company said.What is a dropped call? Dropped calls occur when a phone call is terminated unexpectedly as a result of technical reasons, including poor network signalWhy does this happen? \"Call drops happen mostly due to high inflow or outflow of calls from a single mobile tower. If a mobile tower is over-utilised, calls tend to drop. Hypothetically, each tower can handle 110 calls at a time. However, in Gujarat the capacity is over-utilised by 110-120 per cent,\" said an official from a telecom company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "calangute/margao", "code": "14109715", "title": "Trawlers to be colour coded this season", "text": "CALANGUTE/MARGAO: All fishing trawlers operating from Goa will sport a uniform colour from the coming fishing season onwards which begins August 1.Director of fisheries N Verlekar told TOI that all the trawlers will be painted white while their cabins will be painted sky blue and the 'senders' or the borders of the vessels will be painted black.This colour-coding has been decided to make it easy to spot Goan fishing trawlers in high seas and to separate them from non-Goan trawlers when they venture into the waters off Goa.The current fishing season ends on June 15, but all fishing vessels have already dropped anchor in various fishing ports like Malim, Cutbona, Vasco, Chapora, etc. Many of the trawlers have also been dry-docked at private shipyards for overhauling, repairs and painting because of the new colour code which is expected to be notified this week.At Cutbona, fishing boats stopped venturing into the sea over a week ago owing to rough conditions. Fishing boat owners complain that the mouth of the river Sal has become dangerously narrow for vessels to navigate.\"Almost all boats have stopped going out to sea,\" said Patrick D'Silva, president of Cutbona fishing boat owners' association.\"The sea is turbulent and with the memories of cyclone Phyan still fresh in the minds of the fishermen, many are unwilling to go out into the seas during such times,\" D'Silva said.Roosevelt Alemao, vice president of the association, urged the government to expedite work on the proposed project of upgrading the Cutbona jetty.The 45-day fishing ban begins on June 15 and concludes on July 30 with the fishing season beginning from August 1. Small quantities of fish will continue to be available in the markets. Fresh fish, mostly small varieties, will be made available by local traditional fishermen who will fish in rivers and close to the shore when weather permits. Frozen fish will also be brought in from other states in cold-storage trucks and distributed from the Margao whole-sale market to other fish markets in the state.The work on the extension and building of the Malim jetty has been delayed because of a decision to extend the new jetty by a further 20m, sources in the Mandovi Fishermens Marketing Co-operative Society told TOI. The new jetty will now be 50m in length when it is completed next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14111829", "title": "PEC\u2019s \u2018electrifying\u2019 project revs up things at international meet", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Inventing a unique speed breaker that would generate electricity from the motion of automobiles to sustain traffic lights and even streetlights nearby, students and faculty at PEC University of Technology have won laurels at a prestigious international event.Declared the third best entry at an international students' competition as a part of the annual conference organized at Cleveland, Ohio state, USA by Society of Manufacturing Engineers (SME), this PEC team is all set to get its \"Green Energy\" project patented now.The team comprised three final year students of production engineering from PEC -- Tarun Kumar who was the team leader, Rishab Sekhri, Dheeraj Bharadwaj and two civil engineering students from B.tech (second year) -- Apaksh Gupta and Navijit Singh along with their faculty adviser Rajendra M Belokar.The team was the only one from India and among the two teams representing Asia in this event held on June 4.\"Our project was unique in the sense that there was no carbon emission from this concept and hence the name Green Energy . The event saw the presence of vice chairmen of NASA and Boeing, besides other eminent personalities and was a great experience for students,\" says Belokar.Eight teams were finally selected from all over the world by SME depending upon the concept and feasibility of the project and the PEC team was awarded the third slot.In this project, a compressible speed breaker mechanism fitted into the roads would utilize the motion of automobiles to generate electricity on the concept that sliding energy would be converted to rotational energy.This project can be fitted on roads where thousands of vehicles pass in a single day and thereby produce a fair amount of electricity.\"Two teams of judges evaluated the projects on the basis of the idea, innovation, design, manufacturability and application. The maintenance cost of this project is very low unlike solar, wind and other models,\" added Belokar.The SME conference is an annual feature since 1921 but it is for the first time a student competition took place as a part of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14112973", "title": "Amravati pass percentage spikes while Nagpur's crawls up", "text": "NAGPUR: Amravati and Nagpur, the two administrative divisions of state education board that encompass entire Vidarbha region, have shown contrasting results in SSC 2012. While Amravati division managed a massive 20.58% jump in pass percentage compared to last year, Nagpur could only show a meagre 0.66% increase.Amravati's overall pass percentage rose to 63.90% this year. The government claims it is a direct result of proactive crackdown on copying. State school education minister Rajendra Darda said, \"this year's reducing number of copying cases and increasing passing percentages have proved that we have delivered quality results. In the last decade, this is also the fastest declaration of results. In fact, all divisions have declared good results and this is good news for the entire department.\"Nagpur division's pass percentage rose to 74.55% this year, up marginally from 73.89% last year. Chandramani Borkar, Nagpur division chairman, said, \"Last year itself, in our division we cracked down on copying and that has continued this year. What you are seeing is quality results so do not go by the small increases.\"He added copying cases have increased marginally this year. \"This year we had 705 copying cases in Nagpur division compared to last year's 695. Chandrapur had the highest number at 195 and also happens to be the district with the least passing percentage in the division at 69.10%,\" said Borkar. Under Nagpur division come six districts while five are under Amravati. Overall, Vidarbha region had a pass percentage of 66.48 which is still low compared to others. In Nagpur city, admission to junior colleges is done through the Common Admission Process (CAP) that will start tomorrow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14111776", "title": "Two shelter homes get notice", "text": "GURGAON: Two shelter homes in the city have been issued notices by the district administration for flouting norms. The two shelter homes, Aarushi Homes in Sector 21 and Ujjwal Niketan in Sector 4, have been given a week to respond. The administration swung into action after finding irregularities in their functioning during the ongoing survey being carried out by the child welfare department.After the Apna Ghar controversy, the state government has ordered fresh registration of shelter homes and the child welfare department is carrying out a detailed survey in each district. It is learnt that the administration has found the premises of Ujjwal Niketan to be unsuitable for children. \"The NGO running the shelter homes has been instructed to shift the kids to a better place,\" said a district administration official. On the other hand, Aarushi Homes has been functioning without complete documentation. \"The NGO will have to submit all the relevant documents for registration before the deadline,\" said an official.In every shelter home housing teenaged boys and girls, the NGO concerned is required to keep a detailed record of the inmates. In the past, it came to light that minor girls in the orphanage run by NGO Suparaana Ka Aangan were found to be sexually abused by the caretaker and employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14122486", "title": "City girl bags second position in UPCPMT", "text": "VARANASI: Garima Sharma and Deepti Singh has made the city proud by scoring second and seventh position respectively in the Uttar Pradesh Combined Pre Medical Test (UPCPMT)-2012.It is noteworthy that Garima has bagged the first position among girls while Deepti is second among the OBC category. Garima has also qualified CBSE-PMT with an All India rank of 52 and has scored 96.8 per cent marks in class XII examination this year. Both Garima Deepti were the students of JRS tutorials.According to the director AK Jha, as many as 105 students of JRS are among the top 1000 positions in the UPCPMT exams.Besides, 54 students of the institution were successful in the CBSE-PMT final examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14106752", "title": "Five auto robbers held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five members of a gang who used to befriend passengers at railway stations and bus stops on the pretext of sharing an auto and then sedate and rob them have been arrested near Kashmiri Gate railway station where they came to dispose of the robbed articles.They have been identified as Mansoor Alam (28), Mukhtiyar (36), Abrar (24), Sabid (26), and Anbir (20), all from Kishan Ganj in Bihar who have shifted to Delhi years ago. Cops said they had found that the autos used for the crime used to be hired at Rs 260 a night.\"They were arrested twice before for committing the same crime but have gone back to it after getting bail,\" Sanjay Kumar Jain, deputy commissioner of police (crime and railways).Their arrest helped Delhi police in solving seven similar cases of robbery- that were registered in police stations- committed by the gang in the capital. \"In most of the cases outsider victims do not bother to register the incident happened with them,\" said Jain.\"They generally used to travel in the TSR, a vehicle to carry passengers. One of them befriended with the passengers at railway stations and bus stops. He took the victims to the TSR- in which his other associates already seated. In the way, they drugged the victims by offering them cold drinks or tea laced with sedatives and robbed them,\" said Bhism Singh, additional DCP (crime). Sometime they befriend the gullible passenger at platform and by way of offering tea robbed them.Last year they robbed Upender Choudhary, Associate Professor Department of Political Science Aligarh Muslim University, who arrived from Canada and was waiting for a train at New Delhi railway station. This year in the February they robbed off Mohit Chouhan, 23, a Constable in BSF, who hired their TSR for Kashmiri gate from Nizamuddin railways station. In their recent case on May 26, they robbed Jagan Nath,30, an employee of Air Force, who hired their TSR for New Delhi railway station from Nizamuddin railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14110371", "title": "Nalanda Medical College and Hospital H\u2019s ICU needs oxygen", "text": "PATNA: Contrary to its claim of substantial improvement in the health sector, the intensive care unit (ICU) of the medicine ward in the state government's own Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH) here has been dysfunctional for the last over one year. Reason: the oxygen gas pipeline has not been installed in the ICU.Ironically, the problem popped up after the ICU was renovated. The HoD, medicine, Dr R R Choudhary, said, \"The renovation work of the ICU started after I took charge as the head of the department. The work was completed in February, 2011. I have been trying since then to get the oxygen gas pipeline installed in the ICU but it could not be done due to some administrative problem.\" Dr Choudhary blames the hospital authorities as, he said, they are unable to take any decision. Neither they are floating fresh tender for the proposed pipeline nor is the earlier agency interested in the work. When asked as to why the earlier agency is not interested in laying the pipeline, Dr Choudhary said, \"May be their terms and conditions were not being met with.\"At present it is a four-bed unit with plans to convert it into 8-bed ICU. Patients face hardships. For emergency patients, the situation is worse as either they have to go to the hospital's general emergency ward or to the Patna Medical College and Hospital or any other private clinic. NMCH superintendent Dr Shiv Kumari Prasad, said, \"We are in the process of installing the pipeline and very soon it will be done.\" However, she failed to give any deadline.Meanwhile, health secretary Sanjay Kumar assured that he would personally look into the matter.Around 200 patients visit the outdoor of the medicine department every day and 20-25 out of them need to be admitted. There are 105 beds in the medicine department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112899", "title": "SSC exam results: 97 schools score zilch, state plans crackdown", "text": "MUMBAI: Alarmed by the fact that 97 schools across the state reported zero per cent results in the SSC board exams, the education department plans to take stringent measures against nonperforming institutions.School education minister Rajendra Darda said, \"We will examine the reasons for their poor performance. If the inquiry shows that the results were because of mismanagement or sub-standard education, we will initiate action against such schools. If need arises, the department will even derecognize schools with low results.\" Darda's statement indicates that his department has taken a grave view of \"erring\" schools. Asked to cite schools that might face action, Darda said, \"Results have just come in. The department is awaiting details of schools.\" Nearly 619 schools that have registered less than 30% results are also on the department's watch list.State government officials said there are 20,199 SSC board schools in the state. Of these, 16,570 delivered 60% results.Meanwhile, Darda said that despite a sharp decline in copying cases, number of students passing out board exam is higher in comparison to the previous year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14109782", "title": "Use of bleaching powder to catch fish harms humans", "text": "KERI: The easy availability of bleaching powder has led to an increase in incidents of killing and catching of fish in water bodies during the monsoon season with fears being expressed that the powder could affect the health of consumers.In Keri and surrounding areas of Sattari, use of bleaching powder has also resulted in the killing of snakes, frogs and other aquatic life. Earlier, with the onset of the monsoonal rain, people living in villages would relish fish caught from various sources of fresh water with the help of traditional nets.Bleaching powder means Calcium hypochlorite which is widely used for water treatment and as a bleaching agent. It is used for the disinfection of drinking water or swimming pool water. It is known to undergo self heating and rapid decomposition accompanied by the release of toxic chlorine gas.Recently, some villagers had put bleaching powder in the aqua duct connecting the left bank canal of Anjunem irrigation project at Keri. \"Use of bleaching powder had not only killed fish but along with it killed snakes like Forsten's cat snake and Checkered Keelback, frogs and aquatic life,\" said Vithal Shelke from Ghoteli No 1. Siddhesh Gawas, a volunteer of Vivekanand environment awareness brigade, Keri, said, \"In Shiroli, people coming from outside, use bleaching powder to kill fish at Vaghkond and Chand-Suriyakond. There is an increase in the use of bleaching powder to catch fish.\"Ashok Chodankar, head of Chemistry department of government college at Sankhali, said, \"Consuming fish killed by using bleaching powder is harmful for human health. Along with fish, bleaching powder enters the human body resulting in health related problems.\"Amrut Singh of Animal Rescue Squad, Bicholim, says, \"It is unlawful to put bleaching powder in flowing river water, since it kills aquatic life on a large scale. The government should take necessary action to stop it.\" Mahanand Paryekar, the range forest officer of Keri said, \"We will create necessary awareness among villagers to stop such practices causing harm to wildlife.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14110426", "title": "\u2018Bhumi pujan\u2019 of world\u2019s largest temple on June 21", "text": "PATNA: The 'bhumi pujan' ceremony of what is billed to be the largest Hindu temple in the world - Virat Angkor Wat Ram Mandir - on the pattern of the famous Angkor Wat temple in Cambodia, would be organized at the proposed site at Kathwalia on Chakia-Kesaria main road in East Champaran, 120-km from the state capital, on June 21.The new temple complex would be spread over 110 acres of land. The formal foundation-laying ceremony would be done by the famous story teller of Ramayana, Murari Bapu, on December 28 this year.Priests of the Patna's Mahavir temple will conduct 'bhumi pujan' on June 21 morning, which would be followed by the plantation of at least 1008 sacred trees like 'Sita Ashok' and 'Kadamb' at the four corners of the temple premises.Out of the total 110 acres of land, around 80 acres have been donated by the local people and the remaining 30 acres were donated by a 'math'.Acharya Kishore Kunal of the Bihar Mahavir Mandir Trust is the man behind the mammoth temple.The main architect of the temple would be Piyush Sompura of Gujarat. A three-member team of experts would also reach here on the auspicious day, said Acharya Kunal.\"We have already finalized the architectural plan of the proposed Angkor Wat Ram Mandir in consultation with Piyush Sompura,\" he said .Earlier, the temple was proposed to be built on the Hajipur-Bidupur road, about 20-km from the state capital, on a 30-acre plot. But the plan was later changed to locate it in East Champaran.\"The proposed temple will be 1,240 ft in length, 1,140 ft in width and 270 ft in height. It will be longer than that of Angkor Wat main temple,\" said Kunal, who is also the chairman of the Bihar state Religious Trust Board.The proposed temple will have five layers and its built-up area will be around 6 lakh sq. ft.It will have 18 sanctum sanctorum and 13 shikhars (spires). All the shikhars and sanctums will be built with Chunar stones.The Bihar Mahavir Mandir Trust, which has spent almost Rs 100 crore on the establishment of charitable institutions like a cancer hospital and a paediatric hospital, will execute the temple project at a cost of Rs 300 crore over a period of 10 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107496", "title": "Delhi University student, schoolboy in robbery net", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three people, including a Class XII boy and a DU student, have been held for allegedly carrying out robberies and snatchings in south Delhi, said police. The accused have been identified as Ved Prakash (19), Alok (20) and Anoop (20) who has a criminal record. Another accused Pawan has absconded.Investigation into a case of robbery and stabbing in Pushp Vihar led to their arrest, said police. Cops said on the night of June 6, the accused waylaid two brothers near NBCC Plaza in the area. They snatched their bike and dragged Rahul to a distance and thrashed him. When his brother tried to intervene, the accused stripped him of all valuables, stabbed him with a knife and fled.Cops received a tip-off that the accused would come to Sangam Vihar and nabbed them, said Chhaya Sharma, DCP (south). Sharma said Ved Prakash was a student of a DU college and his father has a business in Sangam Vihar. The gang used Ved's bike and committed robberies at night to meet their expenses for discotheques and girlfriends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14119240", "title": "Disaster if pay deal doesn't work out with CA: George Bailey", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's Twenty20 captain George Bailey says it would be a \"disaster\" if his Cricket Board and the Players' Association fail to work out a new Memorandum of Understanding on payments, with the existing agreement to expire on June 30.If a new MoU is not signed by June 30, there is a possibility of players going on strike as a last resort.Bailey, who is also a member of the Australian Cricketers Association executive committee, said the players are optimistic about a solution to the problem.\"The players still have full faith that the ACA and CA will be able to sort out the differences they have at the moment and come to a conclusion,\" Bailey said.\"Whenever there's talk of a strike I think that's very much a last, last resort. It would be a disaster if both the ACA and CA got to the stage where that had to occur.\"I've still got full faith that both parties will be able to rectify that in the next few days,\" he was quoted as saying by a sports website.Bailey said the continuing deadlock is also affecting state-level cricketers.\"There're players who are in a position where they aren't sure whether they should be training because the reality is they might not be playing for Tasmania in a few months,\" he said.\"It's that balance of should they be looking for work or should they be talking to other states, who actually aren't allowed to talk to them at the moment. It's a bit of a challenge for those guys.\"They're probably the guys you feel for most, the guys at the domestic level who are in limbo, not knowing where they're going to be playing, who they're going to be playing for, and the state associations are looking at who they're going to recruit, who they're going to contract.The Australians left on Thursday for a one-off ODI against Ireland in Belfast on June 23, before a five-match series against England from June 29 to July 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118817", "title": "Now, male escorts not scared to flaunt visiting cards", "text": "SURAT: A visiting card placed on financial advisor Saloni Shah's car by a youth gave her the shock of her life. She did not know how to react on seeing the card.\"I was sitting in driver's seat, waiting for my friend who had gone to collect some items from a nearby shop. I took the card left by a youth and it was about male escort services,\" Saloni (30) said.The youth, who placed the card on the car's windshield, which had his contact number and age, left the spot in a swanky car. \"I had heard about such things, but was shocked to come face to face with this reality. I told friend about it and then we contacted him on the given number. The youth did not talk, but communicated through a SMS,\" she said.So far, male escort service in the city was only limited to a point of discussion among some people. It seems now the activity is lunging towards an aggressive stance with men involved in it not averse to approaching even a stranger and that too with visiting cards.The printed message on the card said, \"If you are not satisfied with your life, I will give you 100% satisfaction and fun. \" The mobile contact number was handwritten.When the youth was contacted consecutively for three days, he agreed to meet and demanded Rs 5,000 per visit. He shared his biodata and pictures on mail so as to finalize the deal.\"Many times during evening walk, some youths had approached me offering escort service. I had to stop going there as it had become a meeting point for male escorts. I thought of approaching police, but my family stopped me,\" a resident of Ghod Dod Road Tina Patel, who used to go for walk near Gandhy Engineering College, said.(Names have been changed to protect the identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14118477", "title": "Remembering ghazal legend Mehdi Hassan", "text": "Remembering ghazal legend Mehdi Hassan, who breathed his last in Karachi on Wednesday He had the rare ability to deliver emotionsThe remarkable thing about Mehdi Hassan was that he fashioned along with Begum Akhtar a style of singing that did not exist before them.The ghazal as a song was not part of our culture before the 20th century. It was part of the canon of poetry which was recited and read, but not sung. The classical training of both these singers brought music to the words of the great Urdu poets. The 1950s, not that long ago, is when the ghazal came into popular music. Its decline came only three decades later.Listen to : Best Songs of Mehdi Hassan l Check out:  Life in picsFor this entire period, across the subcontinent, in Pakistan, in India and in the nations where Pakistanis and Indians live together, Mehdi Hassan was the undisputed king of ghazal singers. Many good singers came after him, for instance Jagjit Singh and Ghulam Ali. But for most the idea of the ghazal was linked to Hassan. He was adored in Gujarat, and often sang in Surat's Gandhi Smruti Bhavan, where I first heard him in 1981. I was too young to notice his singing but still remember what a regal figure he was on stage.My mother always loved the way he looked, and if you see his early photographs you will know why. He had a rough-hewn but intelligent face. The word I'm looking for is leonine. His expression was of a man lost elsewhere, thinking about the words being carried by his voice.And what a voice it was. He had the ability to deliver emotion, a rare talent and one that separates the very good singers of our music from the great ones. In keeping with the style of ghazals, this emotion that his voice carried was masculine but melancholic. Of all ghazal singers, his voice suited it best. It was convincing. Technically, he was sound along with the other great Pakistani singer of ghazals, Ghulam Ali. Both of them were inclined towards classical Hindustani music and most of their compositions were in pure raag form.Unlike Ghulam Ali and Jagjit Singh, however, Hassan's best numbers were from the classical canon of Urdu poetry. Ghazals like Patta patta, by Mir, or Aye kuch abr, by Faiz. My favourite was the haunting Dekh to dil ke jaan say uthta hai, yeh dhuan sa kahan say uthta hai? It was made superb both by the quality of Mir's writing and the gravelly sombre tone in which Hassan renders it. I cannot listen to it without being deeply moved.Mehdi Hassan was a kind man, and forgiving. In the last of his singing years, this must have been about 15 years ago, a man from Calcutta booked Hassan for a concert. However he was unable to execute the show for some reason and did not inform Hassan till he came over, wasting his time and causing him loss. If Hassan was overly angered by this he did not reveal it, and simply shrugged off a newspaper reporter's inquiry. This sort of thing happened sometimes, he said, but he did not judge all Indians by such incidents. He would again trust the next man who invited him. But these invites had begun to taper off.By the early 1990s, in both India and Pakistan the ghazal slipped as a form of popular music. It has now become esoteric, liked by only a few who are older. This is a great shame.Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan died in 1997. In 15 years, there has been nobody who has come close to replacing him and who can be surprised by that?Now another very great man is gone from our midst, the likes of whom we will not see again in our generation.No one could be Mehdi Hassan Mehdi Hassan sa'ab is no more. The voice , who made many music lovers find an expression is gone. R.I.P. Saddened beyond comprehension. Jagjit ji, now Mehdi Sa'ab. The voices who kept the legacy of ghazals alive are gone. This void can never be filled. \u2014Shreya GhoshalI remember him saying I can see 'sur'. We should celebrate him across India and Pakistan because he was an asset to both countries. He was legendary. Such people come only once in a while.\" \u2014Pakistani Sufi singerAbida Parveen It's sad news. I am shocked that he is no more. He was not only a great singer but also a very good human being. I remember in the '80s we did a concert at my place and it was a big hit. I was aware that he was unwell and I had always hoped that I should never get the sad news. But now that has happened, he will always remain alive in our hearts.\" \u2014Veteran musician PyarelalIt hurt me to see him suffer in the last ten years. Many tried to sing Ghazals, but no was like him. I was supposed to sing a duet Tera milna bahut achcha lagta hai with him. Due to his ill health he couldn't come to India and I couldn't go to Pakistan. So we recorded the duet about milna bahut achcha lagta hai(how much we like meeting) without meeting. He later said that he had only one regret as a musician, that he couldn't sing with me. \u2014Lata MangeshkarMemories of my mom cooking in a grimy kitchen as it rained outside, while Mehdi Hassan floated out of a Beltek 2 in 1. \u2014Shah Rukh Khan (on Twitter)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "shankarpally (rangareddy)", "code": "14106964", "title": "Mining mafia tries to mow down tehsildar", "text": "Shankarpally (Rangareddy): The illegal mining mafia has reared its ugly head in the state. A woman tehsildar narrowly escaped being mowed down by a tractor driver while she was trying to stop illegal mining in Shankarpally mandal. It was only a couple of months back that an IPS officer Narendra Kumar was crushed to death in a similar manner in Morena in Madhya Pradesh by the mining mafia.Boorgu Vasantha Kumari, who is Shankarpally tehsildar, rushed to Maharajpet village in a car on Tuesday following information that illegal excavation of red mud and gravel was being carried out there. When she tried to stop the illegal activity, the tractor driver raced the vehicle towards Vasantha's car. Fortunately, the tehsildar managed to escape.However, the tractor pushed her car off the road and kept trailing it on the mud road. The car was damaged in the incident. \"I was lucky to escape. Thanks to the alacrity of my driver, the tractor driver gave up the chase. Otherwise, he could have killed us,\" Vasantha recounted her horrific experience on Wednesday.Vasantha said she saw six tractors transporting the red mud and added that the mud was being dug up without official permission. The unidentified tractor driver escaped from the spot.Though a case has been registered following a complaint from the tehsildar, no charges of attempt to murder were filed against either the tractor driver or his contractor. \"We booked cases under section 30 of the AP Water, Land and Trees Act (WALTA), sections 353 (obstructing a public servant from discharging his/her duty) and 279 (negligent driving) of Indian Penal Code,\" SI Nagaraju told TOI. He said the tractor driver and his employer were not locals and that they were absconding after the incident.Sources said the tractors belonged to former mandal parishad president (MPP) Beerla Narasimha, who is a TDP activist. \"We obtained permission from the collector's office on April 30 to excavate red mud for use in the road repairs between Dontanapalli and Janawada,\" he claimed.Refuting the tehsildar's charges that there was an attempt on her life, he said \"We even sent her the details of all the tractors transporting mud but could not provide the number of the particular tractor which was involved in a minor accident with her car. There was a minor scratch to her car.\"Revenue staff of Shankarpally mandal staged a dharna in front of the tehsildar office protesting the role of local politicians links to sand mafia. They undertook the protest in support of the tehsildar and said Vasantha was targeted because she was going all-out against illegal mining. \"This incident proves yet again that the mining mafia is reigning supreme in Rangareddy district without any fear of the law,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14120204", "title": "Displaced dilemma haunts Bokaro in Ranchi", "text": "BOKARO: Residents here are concerned because of frequent agitations, demonstrations and bandhs organized by different political parties, displaced families and other groups against the Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL).Deteriorating law and order has become a major cause of concern for the district administration. Recently divisional commissioner Nitin Madan Kulkarni has directed the district authorities to ask the BSL to initiate steps to pacify the agitators for maintaining peace in the area. \"We have asked the BSL to apprise the administration about the initiatives taken by them in solving displaced issues,\" said Bokaro DDC Baldev Raj.The BSL management has confronted three MLAs - Umakant Rajak of Chandankyari (Ajsu), Samresh Singh of Bokaro (JVM), Chadrashekhar alias Dadai Dubey of Vishrampur (Congress) - over issues related to displaced people. The three leaders, who also head different displaced groups, are demanding jobs and compensation for about 8,000 displaced people of the area from the BSL management.To make their demands accepted by the BSL management, the MLAs had lunched agitations on three dates in the last fortnight. Rajak disrupted rail traffic to the BSL on May 30, Singh demonstrated and blocked the gate of the company's building on June 6 and Dubey blocked all the gates of the BSL plant on June 11. The displaced persons supporting them hit the streets making it difficult for administration to control the situation.However, the BSL management is not taking any strong step in dealing with the displacement issue. However, the administration has received feedback from displaced leaders that the company officials are not holding talks properly. \"The authorities like CEO or executive directors (ED), who take decisions, never participate in these talks and sent their subordinates who most of the time linger the issues. They never came out with any decision,\" said a displaced leader.While the BSL management says that the company, being a public sector undertaking of the central government, has already provided jobs to 16,000 displaced people who lost their land and houses.A suspected displaced group claiming themselves members of newly formed Gramin Militia Group is targeting the BSL by disrupting its water supply by breking walls of 34-km-long Tenughat canal. This group had disrupted water supply to the plant at Tupkadih on April 27 and June 1. Meanwhile they had also threatened to disturb the town, if displaced people would not get their rights.\"We are annoyed with these agitations. It affects traffic movement and tense the environment. BSL should take some serious steps in solving the issue,\" said Santosh Singh, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107683", "title": "Delhi water crisis grows as Haryana cuts supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Haryana has tightened the water squeeze on Delhi. On Wednesday, it curtailed supply to the capital's Wazirabad pond where the level fell from the mandated 674.5 feet to 672.8 feet. The city has been reeling under shortage of water since two weeks back when Haryana reduced its supply to the Haiderpur water treatment plant. Large parts of the city, including south, southwest, west and NDMC areas, are parched.The capital has been demanding its fair share of 80 million gallons daily from the newly-constructed Munak canal but Haryana has refused to turn the tap any further, claiming that Delhi is withdrawing more than its allocated share. Delhi officials have taken up the matter with the prime minister and are even contemplating approaching Supreme Court.If Delhi had only taken the task of reducing its transmission losses seriously, the crisis won't be so grave. An IIT-D report claims that these losses are a massive 40%. By DJB's own admission, the water it loses through leaks and other unaccountable means is 30% of what's available. With a total of 845 MGD available for supply, the city it seems gets just 510-590 MGD.For now, Delhi can only blame Haryana. \"Against the mandated 425 cusec, Haryana has been supplying only 385 cusec for the Haiderpur plant for the past several days. Haryana is right in saying that they are maintaining the canal level but they are actively restricting the water from entering Delhi's system. Production at the plant has dropped by18 MGD and more than a lakh people have been affected. We have approached the Upper Yamuna River Board and ministry of water resources for help,\" said DJB officials.Senior DJB officials claim the situation this year is actually better than 2011 and more areas have been brought into the network. \"Since 2011, 783 unauthorised colonies with a few lakh people have been covered by the water network. However, there has been no increase in supply during this period,\" said an official.Independent experts say Delhi, which is already enjoying an average of 229 litres per capita per day (lpcd) against a standard of 135 lpcd, is not really short of water. \"There are undoubtedly huge inequities in the supply system but if all leaks were to be plugged and DJB adopted a more efficient system of supply, a lot of the water worries would be over,\" said a Central Ground Water Authority official.IIT Delhi's civil engineering department's analysis of unaccounted for water (UFW) in Delhi says it is as high as 40%. In fact, professor AK Mittal of the IIT team claims the figure is probably higher than 40%. \"I would say there is no water shortage in Delhi. The gap between how much water is produced and how much reaches the consumer is huge. More than 40% of the water doesn't reach consumers. Leakage is only one reason. There are many others like tankers, illegal connections, theft, maintenance problems etc,\" points out Mittal. According to Delhi Jal Board estimates, however, we lose around 30% of the water to leakages and other transmission losses.Despite severe shortage of water, recycled sewage water which can be extensively used for non-drinking purposes is not utilized. The IIT team is currently working on a research project to asses the potential of using treated sewage water in Delhi. \"We don't use even 10% of the sewage we generate. At least institutions like the railways, DMRC and industries can use recycled sewage water. Even if we utilize 50% of sewage water we generate, it will help meet the demand-supply gap,\" adds Mittal. He add that Delhi's water charges were much lower compared to Chennai, Bangalore or Mumbai which only encourages wastage.Times ViewEvery summer it's the same story. Swathes of the city go dry, Delhi fights with Haryana and UP for more supplies, but nothing really is done to see that the situation gets better the next year. For starters, we suggest that the Delhi government make rainwater harvesting compulsory for all buildings - commercial and residential. Sheila Dikshit should put her foot down and ensure that this happens. It may not fully solve Delhi's water crisis, but will certainly mitigate the problem. If cities like Chennai and Hyderabad can make rainwater harvesting compulsory, why can't Delhi?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107517", "title": "FIR quashed, Army officers to pay cost", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has quashed a police complaint against two Army officers for causing injuries to two civilians last year and told them to pay Rs 25,000 each as cost after the parties settled the issue out of court.\"Considering the fact that an amicable settlement has been arrived at between the parties, I quash the FIR, however, cost of Rs 25,000 is imposed on each petitioner (Army officer),\" Justice Kailash Gambhir said on Wednesday while allowing the plea for quashing the case that was lodged at Amar Colony police station in south Delhi. The court said the amount would be deposited with the advocates' welfare fund.On December 18, 2011, the two officers had gone to drop their woman friend in Amar Colony where two civilians allegedly passed lewd comments against her. The officers objected, leading to a quarrel during which they allegedly injured the civilians with a knife. A cross-FIR was lodged against the youths by the officers' friend for allegedly passing lewd comments and making physical advances against her.The order came after both parties said they had reached an out-of-court settlement on June 1 and the complainants did not want to pursue the case. Justice Gambhir agreed with the prosecution that the court should impose cost on the accused for quashing the FIR as the chargesheet was filed in April by police and the government machinery was used in the case.Urging the court to quash the criminal proceedings, the counsel for the accused said the officers were young and this case would cast a stigma on their career. \"It will unnecessarily create bad blood between the parties and may also cast stigma on the careers of my clients,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14105930", "title": "Trial run of automatic vessel identification system begins", "text": "KOCHI: The all-India trial run of the National Automatic Identification System (NAIS) for ships has begun in 74 light houses across the country, including seven in the state.The system is capable of effectively tracking vessels fitted with VHF transponders when they sail along the Indian coastline up to a distance of 50 km.Being set up as part of the measures to augment coastal surveillance as well as maritime safety, the system will be commissioned later this month or early next month, Captain A M Surej, director general of lighthouses and lightships, told TOI here.The system, estimated to cost Rs 75.20 crore, has assumed special significance in the backdrop of recent incidents such as the mid-sea shooting of two Indian fishermen by Italian marines and the collision between a merchant vessel and a fishing boat off Kerala coast.The NAIS will be capable of transmitting the ship's identity, type, position, course, speed, navigational, status and other safety-related information to the shore stations as well as to other vessels using VHF transponders. As per the international convention for the Safety of Life At Sea (SOLAS), it is mandatory that all vessels above 300 GRT (Gross Register Tonnage) should have VHF transponders. Under the NAIS project, the data transmitted by ship-borne transponders will be received by a network of base stations located at suitable intervals along the entire coastline of the country.Seventy four light houses along the Indian coast will act as base stations in the first phase of the NAIS project. The data from these base stations will be passed on to six regional control centers at Jamnagar, Kochi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Visakhapatnam. The regional centers will in turn transmit the data to the two coastal control centers at Mumbai and Visakhapatnam, and finally to the National Data Centre in Mumbai.Such a national network will also function as a safety-related information service and extend assistance in search and rescue operations whenever necessary, said Surej. The NAIS network will also be capable of tracking small fishing vessels at a later stage. However, this will be possible only when fishing vessels are fitted with transponders.Plans have been made to provide low-cost transponders to fishing vessels for this, Ram Prakash, the regional director of lighthouses and lightships, Cochin district, said.He said there were 10 light houses along the Kerala coastline from Kasaragod to Alappuzha, and seven out of them would be included in the first phase of the NAIS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109643", "title": "Metro fallout: Betterment tax on cards", "text": "MUMBAI: People who own houses and run commercial establishments in areas which have the Metro rail and monorail projects might end up paying 10% of the saleable value of their properties to the government as betterment tax which will be used for improving infrastructure in the Mumbai metropolitan region. The government is discussing the issue to raise funds that will help the MMRDA buttress its future finances.MMRDA officials said that the idea of the betterment tax is that if the government is spending money to build infrastructure which raises the land values in areas, then it should try and get its share of the new property values realized and put it to good use for building more infrastructure for the region. They said that in certain areas where new infrastructure was being built, it has raised the land values by a considerable amount sometimes by 60-70%. The initial plan for the betterment tax was to have it raised from a circle of influence around the metro and monorail stations. This circle of influence would have a 500 metre radius around the station areas. -Ashley D'Mello", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14113048", "title": "14 NMC schools record over 80% result", "text": "NAGPUR: 14 out of 26 schools run by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had a pass percentage of 80 with six scoring above 90%.Education officer (middle) Ashok Tallatule informed that 2,054 students appeared for the exam and 1,319 cleared for a pass percentage of 64.22. \"With 97.43%, Sheshrao Wankhede Marathi School was first. Eight schools had between 80 and 90 as passing percentage. Vivekanand Nagar Hindi High School is first among 11 Hindi medium schools with 97% and Sane Guruji Urdu High School first among seven Urdu schools,\" he said.After Shweta Gedam (87.45%) and Yushra Fatma (85.09%), Sudip Dhakal stood third with 81.82%. Yushra topped Urdu medium schools and Sudip likewise from Hindi medium. In the handicapped category, Pawan Shahu, a student of Sanjay Nagar Hindi High School, topped with 81.82%.Chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari felicitated all three toppers in the mayor's office. \"These students are the real stars of NMC. We feel proud of good performance,\" he said.The overall result has dipped as compared to last year, the best in NMC history. Five students secured above 90% and overall passing percentage of NMC schools was 70%. The topper secured 93.82%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111480", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena agitation against toll tax", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray called for a public agitation against toll tax collected all over the state by contractors executing road projects, the city and district unit here are getting into action.On Wednesday, MNS activists attached to the Nagpur rural unit protested at the Hingna toll tax booth. On Thursday, a massive protest is planned at Kalmeshwar on Katol Road, said the roads and infrastructure division head for the region Sushrut Kher. He said the protest would start at 11am and continue till noon.Kher said buildings roads and bridges was the responsibility of the government agencies through various taxes already collected from the general public. \"Municipal bodies and agencies have funds earmarked for the purpose in their annual budgets. Yet the government allows private contractors executing the projects to fleece people by charging toll tax at exorbitant rates,\" said Kher.He said the toll tax varied from one road to another, anywhere from Rs 20 to over Rs 100 per vehicle. This is a huge burden on public and road users, he added. He also alleged that there was no transparency in the whole process and contractors continued to collect money even after their cost was recovered through toll tax. \"The MNS will not allow this nefarious practice and will create public awareness on the toll tax issue,\" said Kher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118588", "title": "Competition Commission probe against fibre makers", "text": "SURAT: The office of the Director General of the Competition Commission of India has started investigation against the man-made fibre (MMF) manufacturers or spinners in Surat, Mumbai and other centres across the country for allegedly indulging in anti-competitive activities by fixing prices and thereby controlling the supply of yarn - basic raw material for the powerloom weavers.CCI has issued a notice to the chairman of Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI), Arun Jariwala to furnish details on the man-made fibre (MMF) manufacturers or spinners based in Surat, Mumbai and other parts of the country indulging in malpractice, controlling the supply of yarn, fixing prices and thereby violating the provision of Competition Act, 2002.CCI has stated that the MMF manufacturers are controlling the supply of MMF products - different types of yarns including polyester, nylon and viscose - to various textile mills and consumers and that they do not permit the buyers to exercise their option of buying the same from any other supplier.The regulator has ordered FIASWI chairman to furnish details regarding the description of textile and clothing industry in India including position of raw material, particularly MMF products, any price rise or fixation in MMF products in the last four years, whether the MMF manufacturers have acted as a cartel to manipulate the supply and pricing of various products, evidence to prove the MMF manufacturers have forced customers to take supply from a particular supplier, evidence to prove that the MMF manufacturers have ensured antidumping duty on all types of yarn imported from China and have jacked up their prices significantly.Jariwala TOI, \"We have filed our reply with CCI wherein we have accepted the fact that the prices of polyester yarn including viscose, nylon, etc have increased by Rs 2,000 to Rs 4,000 per tonne after the anti-dumping duties were extended for another five years on all types of yarns.\"Jariwala said the MMF industry in the city weaves about 3 crore metre of grey fabric every day and that the annual consumption of different types of yarns including polyester, viscose and nylon is about 6 lakh metric tonne. The imported yarn, mainly from China is cheaper than the one manufactured by the domestic spinners. However, the anti-dumping duty on all types of yarn imposed by the government has made it difficult to get the imported yarn on cheap rates.\"The MMF manufacturers have got an opportunity to exploit the weavers by increasing the yarn prices significantly after the government extended the antidumping duty on all types of yarns,\" said Jariwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14122632", "title": "Rains ahead, but works stuck midway in city", "text": "LUDHIANA: The fall in pace of developmental works, including repairing of roads and maintenance of parks and green belts, across the city is worrying residents of yet another monsoon full of troubles. Once the monsoon begins, there would be no scope for repairing roads, forcing residents to drive through bumpy washed away roads this year too.The civic body has not cleared the dues of contractors for last five months and neither does it have enough raw materials to carry on the developmental works uninterrupted. The MC is yet to pay around Rs 50 crore to contractors for various works under bridges and road department and over Rs 20 crore for works under operation and maintenance cell.The major projects being hampered in the city are road widening near Jawahar Nagar Camp, road construction in Dugri and recarpeting of road from Fountain Chowk towards old courts complex and development of parks and green belts in Dugri.A senior MC official said the contractors are being issued notices to complete the works with in the given time frame.The residents, however, are rued with MC's failure in repairing the roads before rainy season starts. \"The MC officials had earlier too constructed the roads just before the monsoon arrived and theroads were washed away immediately,\" said Sarita Gupta, a homemaker from Ghumar Mandi. She added, \"In some areas, roads were constructed just before the MC elections to woo the voters, but even they won't last long.\"Businessman P S Bajaj from Dugri said, \"Scarcity of funds has been a permanent problem with the MC hampering the civic works all the time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14109679", "title": "Stress on branding agriculture products", "text": "PATNA: Principal secretary, agriculture, Anjani Kumar Singh, on Wednesday stressed on branding of the agriculture products of the state for establishing their identity at national level.Addressing a high-level meeting with the secretary, agriculture, N Vijaylakshmi, director, agriculture, Arvinder Singh, and other senior officials of the department, Anjani said the second agriculture road map for development is well planned and documented and has to be implemented in toto. He said the people of other states know the agriculture produce of Bihar are exported to their states but branding of Bihar's agriculture produce would help get better return of their value.Expressing satisfaction over an increase in production of vermicompost in the state and its greater use in farming, he said vermicompost should be used for enhancing the agriculture yield to improve the lot of the farmers. It would reduce the use of chemical fertilizer, Anjani said. He stressed on maintaining transparency in providing new techniques and modern farming equipment to the farmers. He said the standard would be set to assess the performance of department officials and the method of their posting to enable them work fearlessly. He directed the agriculture officials to maintain their monthly work plan and communicate to him through email.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14124347", "title": "Madras HC hauls up TNEB chairman, imposes fine", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has imposed an exemplary cost of Rs 20,000 on the chairman of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB), for his failure to file counter-affidavit in a public interest writ petition that highlights the dangerous location and conditions of electric poles and junction boxes in the state.When the PIL came up for further hearing, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam was informed that the counter was not yet ready and that the board would require two more weeks for filing it. Irked at the adjournment plea, the judges said further time would be given only if the chairman deposits the amount in favour of the High Court Legal Services Committee. If he fails to file counter, the chairman must appear in the court in person, the order said.The matter relates to the PIL filed by the Nethaji Pokkuvarathu Thozhilalargal Sangam represented by its general secretary R Anbazhagan. He said that in several parts of Chennai city and the state, electric poles were damaged badly and posed risks to pedestrian. The junction boxes too remained ajar and badly maintained in these areas. The possibility of electricity leakage and loss of life was immense, he said, seeking court's direction to the TNEB to replace damaged electric poles and junction boxes with new ones and maintain them properly.When the matter came up on April 2, the first bench had issued notice and asked the TNEB to file its reply.On Thursday, upset with non-compliance by officials, the judges said: \"It is imerative to take notice of the fact that the TNEB is totally ineffective even to pursue the court proceedings as counter affidavits are not being filed within time, as directed by this court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14125017", "title": "Police hunts for loot accused", "text": "VADODARA: A day after two people looted a contractor of Rs 10.30 lakh in Sayajigunj, the police is yet to track down the accused. Ankit Choksi had withdrawn cash from ICICI bank in Sayajigunj for paying wages to his labourers. He was accompanied by his employee Jignesh Salat when the incident occurred. According to the police, Ankit, resident of Fatehgunj withdrew cash from the bank and started walking towards his car parked nearby along with Salat.Two unidentified people riding on a motorbike suddenly came from behind and snatched the bag full of cash from Jignesh's hand. Before Jignesh could understand anything, the duo fled from the spot. He did try to hold on to the bag but was dragged by the bikers. \"We have begun hunting for the duo and bikers are being checked by the cops at various points. It is possible that the duo was involved in a similar incident that happened a day ago in Alkapuri,\" said a police official. He added that the accused duo usually target people in commercial areas as they carry lot of cash with them.\"The bikers drove towards Akota area. No one was able to note down the registration of the bike and, the duo was wearing helmets,\" the police said. The city police has already begun keeping watch at busy areas and is regularly checking bikers found driving in suspicious condition over last few days. Several incidents of chain snatching in different areas of the city have already embarrassed the cops who are seldom able to nab the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14106056", "title": "PM takes stock of nuclear arsenal", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's nuclear weapons arsenal, its command and control structures as well as the state of operational readiness came up for a detailed review at a top-level meeting called by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Wednesday.Sources said the \"top-secret'' meeting of the Nuclear Command Authority (NCA), attended by the ministers part of the Cabinet Committee on Security, national security advisor and the three Service chiefs, among others, stressed the need for \"faster consolidation'' of India's nuclear deterrence.The \"delay'' in the long-standing aim to have a fully-operational nuclear triad \u2014 the ability to fire nukes from land, sea and air \u2014 also figured in the meeting of the \"political council'' of NCA, which is the country's solitary body that can authorize the use of nuclear weapons.The NCA meeting, barely held twice a year to assess the steps being taken to ``manage'' the nuclear arsenal, comes in the backdrop of Pakistan once again brandishing its \"tactical nuclear weapons'' with another test of its 60-km \"Hatf-IX\" or Nasr missile last month.The short-range ballistic missile Nasr \u2014 with \"shoot and scoot'' capabilities for \"a quick response'' to \"evolving threats'' \u2014 is being touted by Pakistan as a nuclear counter to even conventional military thrusts into its territory by India, in what many see as a reckless escalatory step.Pakistan has surged ahead in terms of nuclear warheads, with international estimates putting the number as 90-110 compared to India's 80-100. China has more than double that number along with a formidable missile arsenal.Both countries also do not have a clear-cut \"no first-use'' nuclear doctrine like India. This is where India's missing third leg of the nuclear triad, in the shape of submarine-launched ballistic missiles, becomes all the more crucial.A no first-strike policy must be backed by an assured, effective and rapid second-strike capability for robust deterrence. But the country's first indigenous nuclear-powered submarine INS Arihant, which was \"launched'' by the PM at Visakhapatnam in July, 2009, has still some distance to go before it becomes operational next year.With the first two legs in the shape of the Agni missiles and fighter bombers, India's nuclear triad can be in place only when the over 6,000-tonne INS Arihant becomes capable of \"deterrent patrols'' after undergoing extensive sea and missile trials. INS Arihant has four silos on its hump to carry a dozen K-15 (750-km) or four K-4 (3,500-KM) missiles, as reported by TOI earlier.India is also at least three years away from deploying the over 5,000-km Agni-V missile, tested for the first time in mid-April, which brings the whole of China in its strike envelope. The armed forces so far have Agni-I (700-km) and Agni-II (2,500-km) missiles, which are both basically meant for Pakistan. The 3,000-km Agni-III (under induction), 3,500-km Agni-IV (tested for the first time last November) and Agni-V, in turn, have been designed with China in mind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "14111222", "title": "Amravati pass percentage leaps by 25%", "text": "AMRAVATI: Here is news which will cheer citizens of Amravati. Amravati division has improved its SSC result this year with an impressive 25% as compared to last year. The Amravati division, which was at the bottom of the heap with an abysmal performance of 45.47% last year, secured a creditable 70.07 this year.Not only did the pass percentage improve, cases of malpractices have also remarkably gone down as compared to last year.Amongst the five districts of the Amravati division, Buldhana reported the highest passing percentage of 73.17%, followed by Washim at 73.31%. Amravati district reported 70.61% while Yavatmal district reported 67.31%. Akola district with 65.78 passing percentage has come out as worst performer amongst five districts.A total of 1,54,630 students were registered for the exam of which 1,53,780 were appeared and 1,07,755 students have passed the examination.As compared to last year cases of malpractices have reduced in Amravati division, last year 942 cases of malpractices were reported while these cases were drastically reduced to 142.Like every year this year too girls have outshone the boys. 72.94% girls have passed the exam while 67.44% boys passed the exam.Talking to TOI Shivaji Tambe, chairperson of Amravati Division Board, said the result is a positive impact of the strict implementation of the copy free examination campaign in district. \"Though I am happy, I am not completely satisfied with the result. This year, 70.07% students have passed but the remaining 30% students who failed in the examination are our focus, and we will definitely improve the result next year,\" he said.Tambe added that this year, the focus was on rural areas where tuition classes are not prevalent. \"With the help of teachers and officials, we implemented special programmes for quality education to improve passing percentage this year,\" he said. Amravati and Latur divisions are only two divisions out of nine divisions which had 100% sitting squads during examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14119153", "title": "Thefts in Alkapuri showrooms detected", "text": "VADODARA: City police detected three thefts, including two at showrooms in the posh Alkapuri area, following detention of an accused in Kishanwadi area of the city. The accused has been handed over to Sayajigunj police for further investigations.According to sources, the breakthrough was made after Kishwanwadi police sleuths received information about Rajesh Kahar, residing in Chamunda Chowk there. Sleuths were tipped off that he had a cache of suspicious goods at his residence.Kishanwadi police raided Kahar's residence and recovered the goods, including clothes stolen from Trinetra showroom in Kunj Society in Alkapuri and Latest Style Mantra on BPC Road. Both the shops were targeted within last fortnight by the accused.Preliminary investigations have revealed that Kahar had conducted another burglary in a general store in Harinagar. He had teamed with Ramprasad Bind to conduct the burglaries. Kahar was involved in a case of assault with murder earlier and was in judicial custody. He was granted bail last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "14109840", "title": "BJP Ponda unit miffed over MGP MLA's 'coation dharma breach'", "text": "PONDA: The Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP) Ponda block members have expressed their displeasure over the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party's (MGP) support to only the candidate field by MGP. Party activists claimed the MGP had to support the candidates field by both parties.BJP's Ponda block held a meeting on Tuesday evening with about a hundred activists in attendance. Sources said several members raised the issue of VP polls and expressed their dissent over Ponda MGP MLA Lavoo Mamledar's support to only the candidate fielded by him.On the day of panchayat polls, BJP's Ponda block president Sandip Khandeparkar had alleged that Mamledar had breached the \"coalition dharma\" by personally canvassing for an opponent in the village panchayat polls at Khandepar. Khandeparkar has won the panchayat election.Khandeparkar said that although the village panchayat polls were not fought on a party-level, MLA Mamledar should not have personally canvassed for any specific candidate, as BJP and MGP were allies in the ruling coalition government.Displaying a card that had a photo of a candidate with Mamledar, Kandeparkar said the MLA went against the spirit of 'coalition dharma' when he asked voters to vote against a candidate supported by his coalition partner party.Khandeparkar, however, said that this issue was not the agenda of the block meeting. The meeting was convened to discuss the membership drive that would start from June 20 in Ponda as a part of a national membership programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14125528", "title": "Black kite gets new lease of life", "text": "NAGPUR: A full-grown black kite was given a new lease of life by volunteers of CAC-All Rounder, a Nagpur-based NGO working to promote adventure sports , on Thursday.The beautiful raptor was found dangling at over 20 feet from a tall pipal tree branch in Hazari Pahad area of the city. The bird was struggling to free itselfafter one of its wings got entangled in Chinese nylon manja. It was first seen by a Std IV student Mikka Amale, who reported about the bird to his mother. She called up TOI who requested bird and animal rescuer Amol Khante to do the needful. Khante, along with his team Gajanan Rindhe, Manish Makh and Ravi Nerkar reached the spot immediately and with the help of a two bamboo poles fixed with a cutter removed the manja and brought the bird down safely. The bird had minor injury to its wing.It was handed over to wildlife vet Dr Bahar Baviskar who is treating the bird. It is out of danger and will be released in its original habitat in two days.The CAC-All Rounder has released 12 birds trappped in different parts of the city in the past five months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123436", "title": "GV plays a cameo !", "text": "Nakul is busy shooting for his film Naan Rajavaaga Poren in the city. But what was the surprise is that a noted music director has made a brief appearance in the film.Music director G V Prakash has done a special appearance. The scene was about two college students inviting chief guests for a college event and GV played himself for the role. Nakul and Avni were the students who invited him on stage to give away some awards. The song is by Madan Karky and choreographed by Brinda master. Since GV also attends many college functions, it was a natural fit for him!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120747", "title": "Cong has double standards: Asom Gana Parishad", "text": "GUWAHATI: AGP on Wednesday accused the ruling Congress government of exhibiting 'double standards' while accusing former chief minister and present AGP president Prafulla Kumar Mahanta of being involved in the controversial 'secret killings' in the state happened during AGP's reign.The regional party hit back after state government spokesperson and health minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Tuesday said that the Justice (retd) K N Saikia Commission, which probed the 'secret killings', had not given a clean chit to Mahanta. \"The inquiry proved that the then chief minister, Prafulla Mahanta, was involved in the 'secret killings',\" Sarma told a news conference.Many relatives of Ulfa leaders were killed by unidentified gunmen between 1998 and 2001 when Mahanta was in power. Ulfa hardliners led by Paresh Baruah recently accused all the governments of the state, irrespective of party, of failing to provide justice to the victims of the 'secret killings'.Coming down heavily on Sarma, AGP general secretary Durga Das Boro challenged the Congress government to punish Mahanta if he was involved in the 'secret killings'. \"Congress is playing a cheap political game. If the inquiry commission proved Mahanta's involvement in the killings, then why can't the ruling government punish the culprits? It was the then AGP government which constituted a commission to investigate the killings. But why didn't the Congress government ever form a commission to probe the killings that happened during their tenure?\" asked Boro.After a series of killings occurred during the AGP regime, the then AGP government constituted the Justice Sofiqul Haque Commission to inquire into the killings. Congress, after coming to power in 2001, constituted the Justice K N Saikia Commission.Senior AGP leader and general secretary Kamala Kalita added that Congress is only trying to shield its failures by bringing up the issue of secret killing. Kalita also alleged that the health minister is involved in corruption in the health sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune/new delhi", "code": "14104688", "title": "Pistol coach finally gets dues from SAI", "text": "PUNE/NEW DELHI: India's pistol coach Anatolli Piddubnyii heaved a sigh of relief on Wednesday as the Sports Authority of India (SAI) released his salary that has been due for the past four months.TOI had reported on Saturday that the 75-year-old Piddubnyii had been frustrated by the bureaucratic ways of SAI, which was not paying the coach his wages despite signing a formal contract in February this year. SAI admitted on Wednesday that it was at fault.\"The issue has been sorted out and we have released the payment due to him. We admit our fault but it all happened due to some accounting error on our part. His salary has been approved since February and we have informed the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) about it,\" SAI director general Desh Deepak Verma was quoted as saying on Wednesday.However, Piddubnyi's demand that he be compensated for guiding the Indian national shooters during the five-month period prior to signing the contract has not been met yet.\"From August to January, I was working with a larger group as the Olympic squad wasn't announced at that time,\" Piddubnyii, who was earlier employed by Gagan Narang's academy Gun For Glory, said on Wednesday.But SAI viewed the matter differently. \"It (salary) has been calculated on a pro-rata basis and that's why he was paid from February,\" an unnamed SAI official told PTI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "14109123", "title": "Autorickshaw driver stabbed to death near Trichy airport", "text": "TRICHY: The naked body of an autorickshaw driver, who was brutally murdered, was found in the open near the Trichy airport on Wednesday morning. The deceased's wardrobe had been rolled up and kept at a distance where his auto was parked in the nearby bushes. Police said that head of the body had been battered possibly with a boulder and there were also several stab marks on the back of his head, suggesting that the murder must have been committed in a gruesome manner.Police suspect the crime must have been committed well past midnight of Tuesday. The auto driver has been identified by police as Kalidas from Duraisamypuram in Palakkarai. Since his vehicle was found abandoned the whole day, passersby informed the airport police, who immediately rushed to the spot. A few liquor bottles were found at the back of the auto. The police traced Kalidas's wife, Daisy with the help of the latter's identity card. Daisy later identified the body as that of her husband's. Preliminary investigations revealed that Kalidas had a running feud with some of his peers from his area over outstanding debts. It was said that Kalidas was stabbed by these elements a month ago and he was hospitalized. A case was filed at Palakkarai police station then.Assistant commissioner C K Gandhi told TOI that since the police turned the heat on the accused - Sheik Abdullah and Shaktivel surrendered and were remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112059", "title": "BMC wants to buy MRI machines for Rs 7cr more than cost price", "text": "MUMBAI: Using tax-payers' money to make purchases at inflated costs has almost become a norm with the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC). This time, the civic body has proposed to buy two MRI machines from Philips Electronics India Ltd for its Shatabdi Hospitals in Govandi and Kandivli for Rs 16.46 crore, each costing more than Rs 8 crore. But a corporator, with the help of a doctor, has showed that the same machine can be procured from the same company for Rs 4.75 crore. The standing committee has ordered a probe into the matter.The BMC had received three tenders\u2014from Philips, GE and Siemens\u2014for the MRI machine, Achieva 1.5. According to the proposal tabled before the standing committee on Wednesday, the BMC planned to acquire the machines from Philips as they had the lowest bid. But Rais Shaikh, group leader of Samajwadi Party , independently approached Philips and asked for a quotation for the 1.5T MRI (16 channel) machine\u2014the same one that the BMC planned to buy. The final offer for the machine was pegged at Rs 4.75 crore.TOI is in possession of the quotation made by PEIL to Shaikh.The civic administration, however, maintained that due norms were followed in this case. Dr Sanjay Oak, director (medical education and major hospitals), said, \"We have followed the standard procedure. The proposal includes a 5-year comprehensive maintenance cost and a 3 year warranty.\" Oak's justification for the escalation of costs has been refuted by city doctors. \"How can the maintenance cost be double the cost of the machine? The machines automatically come with a warranty,\" said the director of a city hospital.Speaking to TOI, Shaikh said, \"Nothing justifies the BMC's action of procuring the two machines at such high cost. I have spoken to many doctors who say that there is nothing that can justify the escalated costs.\" The specifications of the machine that the BMC plans to procure matches the specifications mentioned in the quotation presented to Shaikh. \"The problem here is that there is no standard procedure that is followed by the BMC hospitals. The rates differ as per the whims and fancies of a select few.\"Reacting to the huge difference in the cost of the machines, the standing committee has asked the civic administration to probe the matter. \"I have asked the civic administration to look into the matter. As per the proposal, we seem to be procuring the machines at a steep cost. The administration will have to reply in the next meeting,\" said Rahul Shewale, standing committee chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107243", "title": "Credit card cloning gang: Fraudsters used social networking site, reveal Ahmedabad Police", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Members of the gang, involved in the credit card cloning and fraud that was busted by crime branch recently, used to keep in touch with each other through a popular social networking site.This fact has been unearthed by crime branch while probing the fraud case. On Friday, another accused was arrested, taking the number of people arrested in the case to seven.However, the Nigerian who masterminded foreign bank credit card cloning and misuse is still out of reach for the city police. On May 6, the scam was busted with the arrest of Pawan Tiwari, 27, a resident of Allahabad, Mahendra Jain, 22, Ramesh Jain, 25, residents of Rajasthan and Junaid Saiyed, 25, a resident of Mumbai. The four used to report to a Nigerian who used to be then based in Mumbai.\"The mastermind interacts with his contacts across the country through Facebook. He also used to pass directives through the social networking website. They used to remain online on Facebook through their internet-enabled mobile phones. Going offline at anytime would act like a secret code meaning they have been arrested,\" said police inspector K K Patel who is probing the case.When the cops caught the first four persons, their mobiles were seized and switched off. That must have intimated the Nigerian about their arrest. The mastermind who usually operates from Mumbai is now nowhere to be found.Some of the accused who have been arrested were taken to Mumbai to hunt for the Nigerian. Mumbai police told the crime branch officials that some Nigerians have been missing since all those encroachers who used to stay illegally on Mira Road had been evicted. The Nigerian is believed to be now hiding in Bangalore.On Wednesday, the crime branch officials arrested the seventh accused in this case - Mohabbat Singh Rav, a resident of Rajasthan. \"He used to drive a truck for notorious bootlegger of Rajasthan Kailash Rathi. Since the last two years he had joined the Nigerian gang,\" said a crime branch official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118776", "title": "Saptatara launched at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University", "text": "SURAT: A seven-day art and culture workshop 'Saptatara' was inaugurated at Veer Narmad South Gujarat University (VNSGU) on Monday. Nearly 500 students from across the state are participating in the workshop, which will train them in seven different arts.'Twamev Vidya', a collection of views of 100 educationalists of the country compiled by VNSGU vice-chancellor Daxesh Thakar, was launched at the event. The book was launched by chief guest of the event Purshottam Upadhyay, a veteran music composer and singer.Veteran actor and Padma Shree awardee Upendra Trivedi was also present at the function. Apart from Upadhyay and Trivedi, experts like Paresh Raval, Markand Bhatt, and Sitanshu Yashshchandra will train the students in various faculties. Veteran journalist and poet Bhagwati Kumar Sharma and writer Ravindra Parekh will also share their knowledge with the participants.Students will be trained in theatre, dance, writing, painting, music, garba and knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110345", "title": "Only 24% candidates could secure min marks", "text": "LUCKNOW: Only one out of four students who appeared in the Combined Pre Medical Test 2012 was able to secure the minimum marks. The results of the exam were announced by the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University (CSMMU) late on Tuesday night. CSMMU spokesperson, Prof Abbas Mahdi said that as many as 77,941 applications were received for the exam. However, 75,541candidates were enrolled for the test that took place on June 3. But only 18,182 candidates were able to secure the minimum passing marks of 50%.The single shift exam took place at 147 centres across 15 cities of UP. The paper had four sections of 50 marks each with no negative marking. Some students particularly girls were happy with fewer numerical questions in the physics and easy questions from organic chemistry in the chemistry section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14122269", "title": "See, what's killing your smartphone battery", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers, including two of Indian origin, have proposed a method to automatically detect a new class of software glitches in smartphones called \"no-sleep energy bugs\", which can entirely drain batteries while the phones are not in use.\"These energy bugs are a silent battery killer,\" Y. Charlie Hu, a Purdue University professor of electrical and computer engineering, said.\"A fully charged phone battery can be drained in as little as five hours,\" Hu said.He said that since conserving battery power is critical for smartphones, the industry has adopted \"an aggressive sleep policy\".\"What this means is that smartphones are always in a sleep mode, by default. When there are no active user interactions such as screen touches, every component, including the central processor, stays off unless an app instructs the operating system to keep it on,\" Hu said.Various background operations need to be performed while the phone is idle.\"For example, a mailer may need to automatically update email by checking with the remote server,\" Hu said.To prevent the phone from going to sleep during such operations, smartphone manufacturers make application programming interfaces, or APIs, available to app developers.The developers insert the APIs into apps to instruct the phone to stay awake long enough to perform necessary operations.\"App developers have to explicitly juggle different power control APIs that are exported from the operating systems of the smartphones,\" Hu said.\"Unfortunately, programmers are only human. They make mistakes when using these APIs, which leads to software bugs that mishandle power control, preventing the phone from engaging the sleep mode. As a result, the phone stays awake and drains the battery,\" he said.Foe the study, the researchers studied 187 Android applications that were found to contain Android's explicit power control APIs, called \"wakelocks\".Of the 187 apps, 42 were found to contain errors - or bugs - in their wakelock code. Findings showed the new tool accurately detected all 12 previously known instances of no-sleep energy bugs and found 30 new bugs in the apps.The glitch has been found in interactive apps, such as phone applications and services for telephony on Android that must work even though the user isn't touching the phone. The app may fail to engage the sleep mode after the interactive session is completed.Smartphone users, meanwhile, don't know that their phones have the bugs.\"You don't see any difference.\"You put it in your pocket and you think everything is fine. You take it out, and your battery is dead,\" he said.To detect bugs in the applications, the researchers modified a tool called a compiler, which translates code written in computer languages into the binary code that computers understand. The tool they developed adds new functionality to the compiler so that it can determine where no-sleep bugs might exist.\"The tool analyzes the binary code and automatically and accurately detects the presence of the no-sleep bugs,\" Samuel Midkiff, a Purdue professor of electrical and computer engineering, said.The Purdue researchers have coined the term \"power-encumbered programming\" to describe the smartphone energy bugs. Researchers concentrated on the Android smartphone, but the same types of bugs appear to affect other brands, Hu said.The findings of the study will be presented during the 10th International Conference on Mobile Systems, Applications and Services, or MobiSys 2012, June 25-29 in the United Kingdom .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112843", "title": "Girls to gain from revised fee reimbursement policy", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has tweaked its fee reimbursement scheme for socially and economically backward students pursuing higher studies to now give preference to the girl child.In the wake of rampant cases of female foeticide, the state cabinet on Wednesday rationalized the scheme by allowing two girls of a family to avail of benefits, as opposed to only one of two boys of a family. As of now, the state allows all family members from scheduled castes, scheduled tribes, endangered tribes, special backward classes, other backward classes and economically backward classes to avail of the scheme. \"By doing this, we have given preference to the girl child,\" said Sanjay Kumar, principal secretary, higher and technical education department.While rationalizing the scheme, the state government has put two other ceilings on the scheme under which it doles out roughly Rs 2,000 crore every year for 5 lakh students in the SC, ST, endangered tribes, OBC, SBC and EBC categories. In the first cap, the state cabinet has set a family income limit of Rs 2 lakh for anybody seeking benefits under the scheme. This is not only likely to reduce the number of beneficiaries but will save state exchequer more than Rs 325 crore annually, said officials. The current format makes the higher education department pay the entire fees for a student pursing higher studies.\"The measures will only rationalize the scheme since earlier there was no cap on the beneficiaries,\" said an official.In another cap to have been put on the scheme, the fee for the SC and ST category will be reimbursed fully in compliance with central government's guidelines while the other categories will be reimbursed as per the state annexure.The proposal to make changes to the scheme was tabled in the state cabinet. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and higher education minister Rajesh Tope mooted it as an austerity measure in the wake of the state's worsening balance sheet. This, though, was opposed by senior cabinet ministers who said crores were freely doled out to private banks and contractors, so why was a cut being put on this scheme.\"It is difficult to understand that amidst an array of schemes, how rationalizing this scheme could benefit the state financially. This is just being done under political pressure,\" said a senior cabinet minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14122610", "title": "Mobile ticket van 'Mushkil Aasaan' is a hit in Anand", "text": "Ahmedabad: Getting a ticket at your door steps seems to be a dream, but for the residents of Anand this is a dream come true. The mobile ticket van called \"Mushkil Aasaan\" launched by the railways has turned out to be a success.The mobile van on an average issues about 100 odd tickets in a day and that too at your door step. The city of Anand recently got a mobile ticket van facility for easy availability of railway tickets. The van will travel to various areas far off from railway stations as per its the daily schedule.Western Railway officials said that the trend may sound new but such mobile van used to run before independence between 1910 and 1920. The archives says that the mobile van use to give concession for return travel. The new age mobile van will operate in one shift from 10.00 am to 6 pm for issuing rail reservation tickets in Anand and nearby locations.The mobile van called Mushkil Aasaan was first launched in Anand. Based on the findings of the experiment, the same will be introduced in major cities like Delhi, Kolkata, Ahmedabad, Chennai and Mumbai also. With this facility, the passengers will not have to travel long distances or stand in queues at reservation office,\" said another senior official.Officials said that the van has been introduced with the idea of taking the issuance of computerized tickets both reserved and unreserved to the grass roots and it will work at different locations from Monday to Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14112594", "title": "First time in years, cap on H1B visa reached", "text": "WASHINGTON: For the first time in several years, the Congressionally mandated 65,000 H-1 B work visas, the most sought after by Indian professionals in the US, has reached its cap. \"USCIS announced today that it has received a sufficient number of H-1 B petitions to reach the statutory cap of 65,000 for fiscal year (FY) 2013. June 11 was the final receipt date for new H-1 B specialty occupation petitions requesting an employment start date in FY 2013,\" an official statement said.In the past few years, it either crossed over to next year or the cap was reached later in the year. It is noteworthy that the cap has been reached mid-year in particular during the recent economic crisis.US Citizenship and Immigration Service (USCIS) said it will consider properly filed cases as received on the date that it physically received the petition; not the date that the petition was postmarked. It will reject cap-subject petitions for new H-1 B specialty occupation workers if they arrive after June 11, 2012 and seek an employment start date in FY 2013, it said.It will continue to accept and process petitions that are otherwise exempt from the cap, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14112690", "title": "Delhi damned by stuck dam, blocked canal", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the population growing each year, Delhi Jal Board has been banking heavily on two major projects to meet the city's ever increasing water demand. Munak Canal, a lined carrier that would have brought water to Delhi from Haryana, is expected to yield an additional 80 million gallons per day of water that at present is lost as leakages through the existing system. Renuka Dam will bring an additional 275 MGD to the city.Delhi is heavily dependent on the success of these projects. \"We do not have any other source. Groundwater is all we can rely on but levels of even that have fallen drastically and there is only so much that can be extracted. Delhi is a continuously growing city and Renuka is our only hope in the long run. Two other dams Kishau and Lakhwar Vyasi are also in the pipeline but we are yet to plan for them,\" said an official.While Delhi has already paid more than Rs 200 crore for Renuka Dam, the Haryana-based project has been stuck for lack of environment clearance. If and once it gets the nod, the dam will take at least 8-10 years for completion. That leaves Delhi at the mercy of its neighbours to supply it with water.As the fate of Munak Canal too hangs in balance, the government is looking at two other options to help it tide over the impending crisis. One is recycling of water at treatment plants that has already started and is yielding over 25 MGD water. The other is 'new' water or recycled waste and sewage. Within the next three years, DJB is looking at recycling 40 MGD of waste, adding to raw water and cleaning it at water treatment plants. This will benefit 3-4 million people in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14120112", "title": "Three govt staff booked for job scheme lapses", "text": "Berhampur: Vigilance officials have detected large scale irregularities in the implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) in Ganjam district. They have registered cases against three persons for violating norms in executing the scheme in 2007-08.Cases were registered against the then assistant engineer of Polasara block Durga Charan Nayak (presently posted in Buguda block), junior engineer Prafulla Chandra Swain and the executive officer, Khanduru panchayat, A K Nayak on Tuesday, a vigilance officer said here.\"During verification of documents, our officials detected several irregularities in executing at least three road works under the scheme in the panchayat,\" said vigilance SP (Berhampur) J N Hansdah. These include a PWD Road to K.Saradha Pur (Rs 2 lakh), improvement of Bramhana Sahi road (Rs 2 lakh) and improvement of Kankorada to J.Dengapadara road (Rs 5 lakh). Anti-corruption sleuths have detected irregularities in payment of wages by preparing false master-rolls.\"We will verify at least eight projects executed under the scheme. Three of them have already been checked. In some cases, records have not been maintained properly,\" Hansda added.Ganjam, the home district of chief minister Naveen Patnaik , was awarded twice by the Central government for successful and proper implantation of the MGNREGS in 2008-09 and 2009-10. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14124700", "title": "Diesel price hike preferable to excise duty hike: Mercedes Benz", "text": "HYDERABAD: A hike in diesel prices by Rs 2-3 per litre would be more preferable to an increase in excise duty on diesel cars as the latter would put the brakes on an already slowing down market, a top Mercedes Benz India official said here on Thursday. The government has been mulling imposing an excise duty burden on diesel cars to avoid hiking diesel prices after its decision to effect a hefty petrol price hike sparked off a national outrage. Currently diesel cars attract excise duties ranging from 12% to 27% depending on the engine capacity and vehicle size\"We are not very happy with the discussion on excise duty hike. The government's idea (to increase excise duty) will not help at all as it will not bring more money into the pocket of the government. Instead it will only dampen the already slowing down buying sentiment. We would rather prefer a hike in diesel prices by Rs 2-3 per litre as it will result in more revenues for the government,\" Peter Honegg, managing director and CEO, Mercedes Benz India, said here on Thursday on the sidelines of the national rollout of the luxury car maker's new C-Class AMG Performance Edition offering in Hyderabad.He also pointed out that such decisions would also make things tough for auto makers as tweaking their diesel and petrol car manufacturing schedules so frequently was not viable. \"Last year only we increased our diesel and petrol car manufacturing ratio to 90% and 10% respectively from 60% diesel and 40% petrol two years ago. It takes us at least eight to nine months to put these decisions into effect,\" Honegg explained.Expressing concern at the way the market was headed, he said that given the current economic conditions and a rapidly depreciating Rupee, the luxury car maker had already downgraded its expectations for the second half from a bullish 15-20% growth. \"The first half of the year has been flattish. We had been expecting the second half to be bullish but we will be happy if we do 5-10% growth instead of 15-20% that we had originally targeted.\" While the car maker sold 2135 units for the first quarter of 2011, it sold a similar number of cars in the first three months of 2012.On the impact of the hike in import duties from 70% to 80% on completely built units (CBU), he said the duty increase has already resulted in a 30% increase in prices given the total impact of duties adding to the woes of luxury carmakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107917", "title": "Gujarat: Engineering, pharmacy merit list out", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The merit list of students who have applied for admission in engineering and pharmacy colleges was declared on Wednesday.In all, 56,653 students have registered for the admission process. Boys continued to maintain their lead over girls as aspiring engineers as 42,590 students who have applied are boys as compared to 14,063 girls. Last year, 40,621 applicants were boys while 14,702 were girls. Officials said that 53,376 applicants in the merit list are students of Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board. The merit list includes 46,761 students who have applied for engineering colleges, while 6,615 have applied for pharmacy colleges.As for the seat distribution in relation to different boards, 41,795 seats are for the state board; 2,240 for Central Board of Secondary Education; and 293 for Indian Certificate of Secondary Education board. In general category, there are 32,785 applicants while the number of seats available for them is 20,898. For the Scheduled Caste students, there are 2,926 seats while 6,263 seats are reserved for the Scheduled Tribe category. Officials of the Admission Committee for Professional Courses have said that the choice filling will begin from Thursday.Mock rounds will continue till June 17. Students will be given the option to fill 100-odd choices. The first merit list will be declared on June 20 while the final merit list will be declared on June 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14119951", "title": "Hot winds, water crisis throw life out of gear in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The hot winds, locally known as loo, blowing over northern parts of Jharkhand adjoining the plains of Bihar has disrupted the course of life .The state has been facing high temperature for more than three weeks now without any respite.According to statistics available with the India Meteorological department (IMD) 41-42 degrees celsius temperature in the month of June is not unusual in Jharkhand as the state has experienced similar situation in 2003, 2005, 2007, 2009 and 2010. However during all these years, high temperature persisted for a brief period of time, besides this year, the maximum temperature has been above normal (33.3 degrees) for more than three weeks continuouslyClimatologically, June has always been a good rainy season with mean monthly rainfall being recorded at 250.9mm. It was in 2011 that the state received as much as 588mm of rainfall alone in the month of June but this time except for one single occasion there has been no rainfall at all.Weather experts believe that the local situation is congenial for pre-monsoon shower but an unknown phenomenon has caused the local climate to change substantially. \"The high level of moisture which is indicative of a possible rainfall has been prevailing for more than three weeks still no thunder squall or rainfall has occurred in the past one month,\" said A Wadood, agro met advisor at the Birsa Agriculture University.While working on the farm land has become impossible for the farmers, crops like vegetable and pulses has also started suffering due to heat wave. Farmers in Garhwa, Palamu and north eastern districts of Santhal Pargana division have not yet prepared their fields for the monsoon whereas those living in urban localities are suffering from for drinking water crisis every day.On an average more than ten deep boring are being carried out in the capital every day to fight water crisis. Poor power situation has affected the supply of water in isolated parts whereas ground water level is receding sharply. Large number of wells and tubewells has dried up and some families in the capital are now dependent on water supplied through tankers by Ranchi municipal corporation. Retired serviceman KK Prasad who is obtaining water from the corporation said that he is left with no option after his well and boring dried up this season. \"When we purchased plot in Morhabadi region it appeared to be on a farming land and well remained almost full all through the year but we have noticed the fall in water table with growing urbanization and rising temperature over the past 40 years,\" he said.Once again local office of IMD at Ranchi has no good news to share as the experts are skeptical about rainfall in the next one week. \"There is less likely to monsoon to hit the state before June 20,\" said director IMD GK Mohanty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112247", "title": "Ready to don special role", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University has announced admission schedule for its MA (community education) and BEd (special education with specialization in learning disabilities) for the session 2012-2013.A bachelor's degree for prospective teachers of special children, this BEd course was introduced by the university to encourage inertest in teaching special children that was often debated as a more challenging task.The aim behind starting community education masters degree, cite the teachers, is an interdisciplinary course which would enable students to understand the issues pertaining to community development at the national as well as at the global level.The department is also running BEd (special education with specialization in learning disabilities) affiliated to Rehabilitation Council of India, New Delhi.Designed to enable pupil teachers to acquire knowledge about change in emerging Indian society in view of recent trends in education and its national goals, this course has been introduced for those interested in teaching selflessly.The students would be required to coordinate with parents, family, doctors and community to help children with learning disabilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107533", "title": "UPA troika slams Gujarat\u2019s poor social sector record", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Three Union ministers of UPA government landed in Ahmedabad on Wednesday to share the spoils of 'vibrant' Gujarat. P Chidambaram, Salman Khurshid and Ambika Soni, representing the Group of Ministers on Media, gave a long list of statistics to prove that the Centre had contributed substantially to Gujarat's economic development and that BJP alone could not take credit for it. They also criticized the state's poor record in the social sector.\"Gujarat's annual plan size was Rs 11,000 crore in 2005-6. It is Rs 51,000 crore for 2012-13,\" Chidambaram said. \"Although a major portion may have come from the state government, the Centre too contributed to it substantially.\" Although the ministers have been mandated to visit all non-UPA states and tom-tom UPA's achievements, many believe Gujarat will see more visits by the three given that it is going to polls later this year.Before Gujarat, they had visited Madhya Pradesh which too will see assembly polls next year. Chidambaram denied CM Narendra Modi's allegation that the Centre was not doing justice to Gujarat. \"I face this question in all the non-Congress states,\" he said.Soni, who was the more aggressive of the three, said, \"This is a state which is saying it has developed but malnutrition among women and children is higher here than the national average. When malnutrition among women in India is 51%, the figure of Gujarat is 55%. In 2000, malnutrition among children was 75% but now it has risen to 80%, much higher than the national average. Vibrancy comes when women and children of the state are able to stand up on their own,\" she added.The trio, however, chose not to make a frontal attack on Modi. The ministers later distributed a note which said Gujarat had 72 Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) projects, second only to Maharashtra's 80 projects. Khurshid, who is also the minority affairs minister, refuted Modi's claim that Muslims were better off in the state. \"There is nothing to indicate that minorities are living in a better condition here than in other states,\" he said.State debunks Centre's claimsThe state government has claimed that the figures provided by the three Union ministers - P Chidambaram, Ambika Soni and Salman Khurshid - were far from reality. The central government has been collecting per capita taxes to the tune of Rs 14,176 while the Centre's per capita share in the development was only Rs 2,454.31 in year 2011-12.State cabinet spokesperson Jay Narayan Vyas on Wednesday said that this share was even lower that what states like Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, and Rajasthan get. He claimed that the figures of malnourishment handed out by the Union ministers were also not true. The malnourishment in Gujarat was 44 per cent in children, while in the national malnourishment figure stood at 53 per cent, Vyas said.Vyas said that in the country, 56 per cent married women were malnourished while in Gujarat the same figure is 55 per cent. The figure of 80 per cent which was given out by the trio was based on the family health survey-3 conducted in 2005-06, he said, adding that the bank deposits in Gujarat aggregated to Rs 2,519,879 crore, while the credit extended by the banks is Rs 2,10,961 crore as on March 2012. An amount of Rs 90,000 crore deposited in the banks in Gujarat is being diverted outside the state for lending by the banks. The minister said that UPA has failed on all fronts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110402", "title": "Congress not serious on sub-quota to minorities: SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Supreme Court refusal to stay the Andhra Pradesh High Court order quashing 4.5% sub-quota to minorities seems to have made the task of Samajwadi Party , which too has promised reservation to Muslims, an uphill one. While being confident of fulfilling its commitment, the party has questioned the intention of the UPA government on the issue of Muslim reservation.Senior cabinet minister Azam Khan though refused to comment on the SC ruling saying he had not read it, was confident that his party will live up to its commitment. \"We are aware of the roadblocks. Netaji (Mulayam Singh) had formally announced reservation for Muslims at the party's inaugural election rally in Barabanki. I had said we put a committee of constitutional and legal experts to vet the proposal thoroughly in order to avoid any litigations on the issue. I am confident that if we do our homework well, we will be able to put our promise to shape on the ground,\" Azam said.On the Andhra Pradesh High Court order quashing 4.5% sub-quota for Muslims, Azam held the UPA government responsible. \"If I remember correctly, the High Court had only sought the grounds on which the reservation has been made. One has to have an explanation for such a move which, it appears, the Centre never came up with before the court. Had the Centre done its homework well, then 90% of the issues would have been resolved by now,\" Azam said, adding that a committee of experts is already working on the reservation for Muslims issue and how the government should go about it.About the main plank on which the state government's plea for reservation would rest, Azam said the surveys done by private and government agencies have confirmed that Muslims are living under pitiable conditions.\"One can get such a survey done at the macro level and bring to the fore the status of the poor in terms of their per capita income, poor or no access to education, sanitation and food. I see no reason why anyone would object to uplifting the downtrodden provided the target population is identified on the basis of hard facts and not sweeping statements based on sketchy case studies. If after the final computation it turns out to be that a particular community is the worst hit, then it will be the responsibility of the government to do everything for that section of the population,\" Azam said.Admitting that reservation cannot be allowed on the basis of religion, Azam came up with what he described as an equally strong contention saying: \"But it is also a fact that we cannot deprive the needy merely on the basis of caste, community sect or religion.\"SP spokesman Rajendra Cahudhary, who had recently committed that Muslims will get reservation in the police recruitments in the state, said his party will keep its promise. \"The government is committed to giving reservation to Muslims in all the recruitments in the state. There is no question of shying away from our commitment,\" Chaudhary told TOI.About dealing with the issue at the national level, Chaudhary said the SP has always been for required changes in the Constitution. \"If the Congress party is so serious about reservation to Muslims, let them move a proposal for amendment in the law, everyone will be able to see who all are actually concerned about the poor state of Muslims and who all are offering only lip-service,\" Chaudhary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14122302", "title": "Police station attacked in Amroli of Surat", "text": "SURAT: Total 28 people were arrested by the police for allegedly attacking police station and creating disturbance in government duty in Amroli area of Surat city during wee hours on Wednesday. In the incident a group of local residents pelted stones on Amroli police station and also damaged the police vehicle outside the police station. Senior officers rushed to the police station to assess the situation.Residents of Kosad EWS colony went to the police station and claimed that the police did not arrest few eve-teasers in the area against whom a compliant was lodged. The locals argued with the police station officer present at the police station over the issue and asked the reason that why the accused were not arrested. When the group was asked to move out of the police station the accused started pushing police staffers.Coming out of the police station the group pelted stones and damaged the police vehicle. Earlier in the issue, Mohsin and Imran, were booked along with seven others for attacking Manu and Manoj. Both the groups entered in tussle over Mohsin teasing Pushpa, Manu's sister on Tuesday.After the fight Manoj sustained sever injuries due to sword attack who named Mohsin, Imran and seven others. In turn the accused group also lodged a complaint against Manu, Manoj and his aids. Meanwhile, Manu and Manoj were informed by their contacts that Mohsin and his aids have been set free by police. Following the information Manu and his supporters including women approached police.\"The allegation was wrong and the teasing accuseds were arrested. Despite being explained several times the rioters did not stop. They pelted stones alleging bias approach,\" said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108513", "title": "'Notification over local body tax likely soon'", "text": "NASHIK: The state government has decided to introduce local body tax (LBT) in the jurisdiction of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and is likely to issue notification soon said a senior government official who was in the city recently.A delegation of local industrial associations had, on May 16, met urban development secretary Manukumar Shrivastava over LBT. Shrivastava had then informed the delegation that the tax was to be implemented in Nashik from July 1.As the date draws close, LBT has become a matter of discussion in NMC circles, but the civic body has still not received any formal notification from the state government.Meanwhile, the state has organized a two-day training on local body tax from June 18, for officials from eight municipal corporations, including Nashik, Kalyan-Dombivali, Latur, Amravati, Chandrapur, Parbhani and Ahmednagar.\"We have already submitted the tax related information to the state according to its instructions. But, we have not received any notification from the state as yet with regard to LBT. However we do know that the government can issue a notification any time as it does not require the approval of the general body meeting (GBM) of municipal corporations. In Aurangabad, a state notification had been issued one day prior to the introduction of LBT there. This may also happen in case of Nashik too,\" the visiting official said.The institution of local body tax in lieu of the octroi system has been a pressing demand made by Nashik's industrial bodies over the last several years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14107198", "title": "Congress for OBC quota to Jat Sikhs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For the first time, Congress has sought reservation for Jat Sikhs in Punjab, terming them \"socially and educationally backward\".Leader of opposition in Punjab assembly and senior Congress leader, Sunil Jakhar, has decided to lead the movement for inclusion of the community in the central list of Other Backward Classes (OBCs).Speaking to The Times of India, Jakhar said, \"Congress leaders of various states had planned to meet Union home minister P Chidambaram on Tuesday to demand reservation for Jats. I thought it would be unjust to the Jat Sikhs, if they are left without reservation only because nobody raised their voice before the Central government prominently.\"According to Jakhar, Sikhs comprise 54% population of Punjab, of which, 25% are Jat Sikhs. \"My argument is simple. If Jats are included in OBC quota, then Jat Sikhs should not be left out at any cost,\" he said.The Mandal Commission had recommended inclusion of Jats in the OBC list, but this did not happen. Claiming that Jat Sikhs fulfill all conditions for reservation, Jakhar said, \"As per article 340 of Indian constitution, reservation can be given to any caste which is socially and educationally backward.\"\"The Mandal commission had admitted that people of all castes, who reside in villages, are educationally backward. Everybody knows that 95% Jats live in rural areas. Similarly, Jat Sikhs have social status equal to members of various communities like Kamboj, Ramgarhia Sikh, Lubana, Gujjar, Ahir and Lohar, who enjoy reservation under OBC quota,\" the Congress leader observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14120683", "title": "No China intrusion in Arunachal since 2004", "text": "ITANAGAR: China has been not made a single attempt to intrude into the Arunachal Pradesh territory since the deployment of Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) in 2004, according to ITBP Commandant (Staff) Angad Prasad Yadav.\"Ever since Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP)'s personnel were entrusted to guard the border in Arunachal Pradesh in 2004, there has been no intrusion from other side,\" Yadav told reporters during an interaction at the sector headquarters here late on Tuesday. He said whenever any attempt was made on border violations, ITBP jawans resisted and caught the violators. \"Our personnel are valiantly guarding the country's border in Arunachal Pradesh, thereby promoting a sense of security among the local populace,\" Yadav added.Emphasizing that ITBP is a mountain-trained force and most of its personnel are adept climbers and skiers, Yadav said the difficult terrain has never been a hurdle for the jawans in discharging duties at an altitude of more than 18,500 feet above sea level. The ITBP personnel are also manning border outposts and sensitive installations in the state and providing security to VIPs. Their sector headquarters is also equipped for bomb detection and disposal. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14118883", "title": "Sunil, Naga Chaitanya\u2019s movie launched", "text": "Yuva Samrat Akkineni Naga Chaitanya and Sunil new movie has been launched today (June 14) at Ramanaidu studios in Hyderabad. The movie is directed by Dolly, who earlier directed \"Konchem Ishtam Konchem Kastam\", and produced by Bellamkonda Suresh.Sunil will play an introvert cop (originally enacted by R Madhavan ), while his younger brother Naga Chaitanya (Arya's role) will play an aggressive and jobless lad. Hansika is said to be one of the heroines for this film while the search is on for another heroine.While Akkineni Nageswara Rao gave the first clap, Rama Naidu has switched on the camera. Naga Chaitanya, Sunil, Kona Venkat, Abburi Ravi, Bellammonda Suresh, Dolly, Sagar, etc attended the movie launch function. The movie is tipped to be the remake of Tamil movie \"Vettai\" and the shooting is expected to commence shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109147", "title": "Man told to pay Rs 4L in maintenance arrears", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Wednesday directed a man to first pay Rs 4 lakh arrears of maintenance for his two children while hearing his plea for protection from arrest and attachment of property.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was hearing an appeal filed by Sanjay Shah (42) challenging a single judge's order. The judge had dismissed his appeal against the family court's November 3, 2011, order directing him to contribute Rs 40,000 for his son Amul (15) and Rs 25,000 for his daughter Ameesha (7). His petition said he earns Rs 25,000 from his employment in his family business while his wife earns Rs 2 lakh from her partnership in a diamond business.Sanjay married Kavita (37) on May 20, 1994. Their's was a love marriage. She left her matrimonial home in September 2009 with the children. She filed complaints against Sanjay and his parents and also filed proceedings for domestic violence and plea for divorce in 2010, which is pending.In October 2011, Sanjay was allowed weekly access to the kids by the family court (FC). Kavita filed for interim maintenance, and in November 2011, the FC directed him to pay it with effect from July 2010 till the final decision of the petition.Sanjay's advocate said under Section 125 of the CrPC, Kavita may move for his detention and for attachment of property for not paying maintenance arrears. He said the FC disbelieved his I-T returns which showed his income saying \"he has free access to funds\", which actually belong to his father.Kavita's advocate said Sanjay was \"hoodwinking'' the court and not fully disclosing his income from his family business where he is an MD. \"He is in arrears of Rs 15 lakh which is for his children.He pays his secretary Rs 13,000. There has to be something believable,'' she added.The judges directed that Sanjay pay Rs 25,000 from July 2010. While the total amounted to over Rs 6 lakh, the judges directed him to pay Rs 4 lakh. They also directed that Kavita will not move court for taking coercive action against Sanjay.Sanjay's advocate also said that he wants his family back. \"They talk every day. They are both for the welfare of the children. Only in court, they disagree,'' he said. The judges said they should go in for mediation. Kavita's advocate said she wants a divorce and alimony, that will entail the children to study in IB schools. \"He (Sanjay) should make a reasonable offer,'' Kavita's advocate said.The judges directed them to appear before the mediation centre next week.(Parties' names changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14105845", "title": "Climate shift: Hill stations not \u2018cool\u2019 anymore", "text": "NEW DELHI: For residents of Delhi, summers meant quick getaways to the cooler sub-Himalayan retreats barely 6-7 hours away where the maximum temperature would typically hover in the late 30s.Call it the effects of global warming with the cool climes in the hills now giving way to unusually hot weather conditions. Tourists are flocking further to the upper reaches in the hope of escaping the sizzling heat.Data released by department of Economics and Statistics has revealed that Himachal Pradesh recorded an average maximum temperature of 28.5 degrees Celsius in 1971-72 which increased to 33.7 degree Celsius in the year 2010-11.Amit Kumar, a hotel owner from Shimla expressed concern at the dwindling inflow of tourists. \"More people are heading to Srinagar as the climate is cooler. While hotel occupancy in Shimla and Manali is 70-80%, hotels in Srinagar are booked till August,\" said Kumar.In 2011, Shimla recorded a maximum temperature of 26.8 degrees while this year it has already breached the 30 degrees mark in the first few days of June.Dr J C Kuniyal, senior scientist at G B Pant Institute of Himalayan Environment and Development in Almora said global warming was also affecting the crop pattern in Uttarakhand as well.\"In Kullu valley alone, it has become warmer on an average of 0.9 degree Celsius from 1965 to 1998. In 1965, the apple belt existed at a height of 1000 m above sea level. Now, the cultivation of the fruit thrives at 2000m above sea level,\" said Kuniyal.Another popular tourist destination, Mussoorie, too has not been spared from the effects of global warming. \"The average maximum temperature recorded in Mussoorie between May-June 2012 was between 32 to 34 degrees Celsius which is 5 to 6 degrees Celsius more than the previous years,\" said Anand Sharma, director of Dehardun's Met Department. Even places in Kumaon, like Ramgarh and Mukhteswar, which offered cool days and nippy evenings have become uncomfortably hot, forcing people to install fans, something unheard of until this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107377", "title": "Call centre staffer gang-raped, 2 held", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old call centre employee was gang-raped by four men in a factory in Badarpur after one of them took her there on the promise of a better job and \"double the salary\". The traumatized woman and her husband took two days to muster the courage to lodge a police complaint, after which two of the accused were arrested on Tuesday evening.The couple lived in Bawana in northwest Delhi but the victim had recently moved to south Delhi on her own after she took up the call centre job. It was here that the prime accused, Suraj, befriended her and talked her into going for a job interview on Sunday. \"He apparently flaunted his connections and told her he knew many senior officials in call centres in Mohan Co-operative Industrial Area. He told her that she was getting paid very less and he would help her double her salary. Lured by better career prospects, the woman got trapped,\" a source in Delhi Police said.The victim told police that Suraj took her to a factory in Badarpur in the afternoon, saying the owner of the company wanted to conduct the interview there. When they reached, however, she found the building was shut and desolate as it was a Sunday. Three of Suraj's friends were already present at the factory and they forced her inside despite her protests. They took turns to rape her and fled the spot after threatening her against telling anyone.The victim managed to make it out of Badarpur and reach her husband in Bawana. Out of fear, the couple waited a while before approaching cops and a case was registered on Tuesday night. The victim was medically examined and her statement recorded.Suraj was arrested within hours and at his instance, his aide Deepu was nabbed. Two of the accused \u2014 including one who worked at the factory \u2014 are still absconding, the police source said. A manhunt is on and raids are being conducted to nab the duo, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105006", "title": "Pune second best among nine divisional boards", "text": "PUNE: The Pune division, which covers Ahmednagar, Solapur and Pune districts, emerged as the second best among the nine divisions of the Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, by recording an overall pass percentage of 85.12 in the secondary school certificate (SSC, standard X) March 2012 examination.The results of the exam were released by Pune divisional board chairman Sunil Magar on Wednesday. Pune's performance was a 4.73% improvement over last year pass percentage of 80.39. The result is much more heartening considering that Pune's success rate had dipped by 3.55% last year over the 83.94% success in March 2010.The result looks even better as fresh candidates, those appearing in the exam for the first time, have registered a pass percentage of 90.71 to put Pune division in the second spot among the nine divisional boards. Last year, Pune was first among eight divisional boards but the newly established Konkan division has performed better to finish at the top with 93.14% success.Girls have once again outperformed boys by registering 88.30% overall success as against 82.36% success by the boys. Among the districts, Ahmednagar recorded the highest pass percentage at 86.43 followed by Pune district at 84.67 and Solapur district at 84.61. In all, 2,67,735 students appeared for the exam, which included 1,17,483 girls.Magar said, \"Of the 2,40,480 fresh students, who appeared for the exam, 2,18,133 were declared passed in the division for 90.71% success. On the other hand, 27,288 repeater candidates appeared for the exam and 9,783 candidates were declared passed for 35.85% success.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14121463", "title": "Mangalore Headmasters and Principal Association elects new president", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Headmasters and Principal Association has unanimously elected Aloysius D'souza, headmaster, Rosario high school, as its president for the year 2012-13. D'Souza was the recipient of District Best Teacher Award in 2008 and has 27 years of teaching experience.The general body meeting presided over by Usha Ballal, headmistress of Sri Ramakrishna High School was attended by 189 member schools of Mangalore city range, Mangalore Taluk range and Moodabidiri Taluk.The other officebearers are: Sadashiva Shetty, Headmaster Swami Muktananda Paramahamsa High School Belwe, Moodbidiri (Vice President); Fr Lawerence D'Souza Headmaster, Cascia High School, Mangalore (Secretary and Treasurer) and MH Malar, Headmaster, Tippu Sultan High School, Ullal, Mangalore was elected as the assistant secretary.The association's Executive Committee members are: Usha Ballal, immediate Past President and Headmistress of Sri Ramakrishna High School, Mangalore; N. Ismail, Principal, Badria College Mangalore, Sr. Cicilia Mendonca, Headmistress, Sacred Heart High School Kulashekar, Gajanana Bhat, Headmaster, Raj Academy English Medium High School Ganjimutt, Ashok Shetty, Headmaster, Mangala Jyothi Vamanjoor, Umesh Karkera, Principal, Sri Narayana Guru PU College Katipalla, B Padmavathi, Headmistress, BM High School Ullal, Kavitha, Headmistress. Chinmaya High School Mangalore, Anitha Kumari, Headmistress, Noble High School Kunjathbail, Mangalore and Venkat Rao, Headmaster, Jawaharlal Nehru High School, Shirthady, Moodbidiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "14112249", "title": "200-yr-old remains of soldier found intact at Waterloo", "text": "LONDON: In one of the best ever war finds, the intact remains of a young British soldier have been discovered at Waterloo, almost 200 years after Prussian and English troops defeated Napoleon.The bones of the soldier, believed to have died on June 18, 1815, were found buried 15 inches below thick mud in the battlefield, Daily Mail reported . The skeleton of the young trooper, who is likely to be from one of the Duke of Wellington's regiments, was unearthed lying on his back with the musket ball that killed him still between his ribs in the battlefield.Archaeologists hope his possessions, including coins, a spoon, a leather strap and a piece of wood \u2014 possibly a rifle butt \u2014 carved with the initials CB, might help identify the skeleton.In 1815, Napoleon led his 72,000-strong army into battle with 120,000 Allied soldiers on the gently rolling plateau of Waterloo in Belgium . The Allied army was a coalition of British, Dutch, German, Belgian and Prussian soldiers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111516", "title": "Transport department wants to scrap cabs over 15 years old", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO is keen on reducing the age limit for black-and-yellow taxis from 25 years to 15 years. If done so, all the old and rickety Premier Padmini taxis will go off the city roads in one go.The Premier Padmini taxis, at least 1,500, plying in the city are aged between 15 years and 25 years. The age limit for these cabs is 25 years. after which they are sent for scrap.Passengers have been complaining about the poor condition of these taxis. \"Most taxis are tattered, their seats are dirty and the doors and handles are in a bad condition,\" said Shruti Kulkarni, who works in Lower Parel and commutes by taxis daily. Another passenger said such taxis should be phased out at the earliest. \"If done so, drivers will be compelled to buy a new taxi,\" agreed an RTO official.A senior transport official said the move would automatically ensure that all the black-and-yellow cabs are fitted with e-meters. At present, it is not binding on owners of the Premier Padmini taxis to install e-meters. Several such taxis have mechanical meters, which can be rigged. The RTO helpline (1800-22-0110) has received several complaints on meter tampering by Premier Padmini taxi drivers, sources said.\"We want the government to issue a circular to this effect. Besides ensuring better service, it will take the old, polluting cars off the city roads,\" said another RTO official.However, taxi unions are not impressed. \"How can the RTO think of scrapping these taxis? Most cabs are in good condition and non-polluting.Most drivers will be rendered jobless and how will they run their families,\" said a taxi union leader. Another union leader said all drivers will not be able to purchase a new cab unless the government offers soft loans,\" he said. A L Quadros of Mumbai Taximen's Union said it was just a matter of two years as by 2014, all the old taxis will be sent for scrapping. The government should realize that we (taxi unions) never objected to e-meters unlike the auto unions. We have always supported the RTO. The officials should also be sensitive towards our needs,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108309", "title": "Nashik athletes sprint to glory at state meet", "text": "NASHIK: City athletes belonging to the SAI athletic centre at Bhonsala military school swept aside all opposition to dominate the Maharashtra state athletic championship that concluded recently in Balewadi, Pune.\" This is the best performance of the Nashik team since I have been involved during the last 18 years,\" said coach Veejendra Singh.Govind Rai who got the gold in shot put and discus in the under-20 category, Devanand Jadhav who secure golds in 5000m and 10000m, Kisan Tadvi who got gold in 800m and 1500 m in the under-16 group and Anjana Thamke who got golds in the 400m and 1km - a record-breaking feat - were the stars at the meet.Govind Rai, Divya Sonar and Suresh Wagh went on to bag medals in the open category also. Wagh bagged a gold and a silver in 5000m and 1500m respectively while Rai clinched a brace of silvers in shot put and discus. Sonar emerged supreme to win a the gold in the shot put open event.In the under-14 boys category Namdeo Khade lifted a gold in the 600m running event and Abhijeet Hirkud took a silver , while in the girls Durga Deore bagged second place in the 600m running category. In the under -18 group Rishu Singh walked away with a gold and a silver in the 1500m and 800m running events respectively while her team mate Sanjeevani Jadhav clinched a couple of silvers medals in the 1500m and 3000 m events.In the under-20 age group Devanand Hari Chavan claimed a gold and silver in the 800m and 1500m respectively. In the distaff section in the same agr group Gauri Rajole won a silver for hammer throw while Kojagiri Bachhav shone by wresting a gold in 1500m and a silver in 800m running events. Mihir Hardas won a coveted gold in triple jump in the under-14 category.The west zone meet will take place during 6-8 August in Gandhinagar while the open national (inter-state) will be held from June 23 to 26 in Hyderabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14104848", "title": "No rains, nothing to sow, more farmers join wari", "text": "PUNE: Sixty-five-year-old Rajaram Pungale, a farmer from Jalana, observed that the number of warkaris this year was higher than what he saw last year. That, he said, was because of the drought.\"Sometimes rains held the farmers back for farming activities. But this time there is no rain, hence no work,\" said Pungale who has 10 acres land in Dongaon village in Jafarabad taluka, Jalana.Even as they walk in wari (pilgrimage), thousands of farmers call home regularly to inquire about the rains. Agitated that the government has not provided financial help despite the drought-like situation, farmers now rest all their hope on a better monsoon.\"Most of the warkaris who join the annual pilgrimage are farmers. None of them has initiated farming activities this time as the monsoon is evading them. The prevailing drought-like situation has hit them hard. But, forgetting all their woes they have joined the wari, as walking in the wari every year is an integral part of their lives,\" said Shamsundar Sonnar, president of Warkari Seva Pratishthan, one of the biggest umbrella groups of the movement.Fifty-four-year-old Sunil Uddhavrao Patil, a warkari, said, \"I have four acres of land in Nimbala village in Solpaur taluka. I could not initiate sowing as the monsoon has not started. The borewell we depended on until recently has also dried up. I have three children to feed. The government has not supported us in any way. I am not the only farmer, there are many others like me who have joined the wari even after being badly hit by the drought.\"Echoing Patil's sentiment Subhash Sopan Suke, a farm labourer from Usmanabad district said, \"The drought situation is so bad that even our livestock are affected. Water tankers are supplying drinking water in my village Wangi Khurd. The state government has turned its back on us farmers. We pray for better monsoon. Wari makes us forget all our problems. We keep in touch with our folks back home to inquire about the rains. Patil.\"Gangaram Bhikaji Warpe (72), who has been attending the wari for more than 40 years, said most talukas in Pune district were badly hit by the drought-like situation. \"There is no water in Ambegaon, Khed, Junnar and Shirur talukas. The government has not done anything to salvage the situation. What can one do when there are no rains? We have to just leave it to the Gods.\"\"Since there are no rains, and no farming, what will one do staying back home and weeping over the drought ?\", 60-year-old Bhagubai Devram Londhe from Manchar wondered.-----------------------------------------------------------------eom/umesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14118936", "title": "Deer found dead in Kamatibaug Zoo", "text": "VADODARA: A Brown Fallow Deer was found dead at the Kamatibaug Zoo in Vadodara on Friday morning. It is believed that the deer died as it was old. Kamatibaug Zoo had two deers of the variety, both born at the zoo itself.The deer has its origin in Europe. Officials said that both the deers at the zoo were does and were around 15-year-olds. Dr C B Patel, in-charge zoo curator said that the deer has a normal lifespan of 12 years to 13 years.\"The ones at the zoo are very old. The death was due to old age,\" he said. Patel added that an autopsy of the deer was conducted at the zoo itself. As per Central Zoo Authority of India norms the body was then burnt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111533", "title": "World Blood Donor day: Now, blood donor just a call away!", "text": "NAGPUR: Here's more help at hand for those seeking blood to meet medical emergencies, especially the poor, who have little or no access to arrange for it in time of crisis. City's enterprising changemakers Fermin and Khushroo Poacha have come up with another innovative idea for arranging a blood donor over a phone call.Poachas, who founded the indianblooddonors.com, a unique initiative for blood donation and making blood donors available to the needy using SMS. This method of using affordable modern technology to help a social cause got them Ashoka's Changemakers award and global recognition.Still, there are instances when people in need of blood have no access to SMS. With the launch of Interactive Voice Response System on June 14 (World Blood Donors Day), the poor across the country have a ray of hope. \"The process is simple. It is a one-call one-donor system,\" explains Khushroo. \"One only has to dial 07961907766 for blood donors. Since it's a 24x7 interactive service available in English and Hindi, one will be able to enter STD code and specify the blood group one is looking for. The system then returns a 10-digit number of a local donor in the city to contact. More regional languages will be added soon,\" Khushroo said.\"We started the SMS service in December 2009 and it is quite popular. Somebody suggested we start an IVRS facility as some people found it difficult to send an SMS as against calling a number. When we give the number to a caller, we send an email to the donor with the patient or relative's number,\" he said.\"A few months back I was in Ahmedabad to deliver a talk. After the talk, a young enterpreneur, Neil Patel, co-founder of www.awaaz.de offered me a free, dedicated phoneline where people could call (especially the poor, who can call but can't SMS) and they would be connected to a blood donor. He asked to record the prompts, for which a special studio was required,\" he informed.Poachas put up a request on their Facebook page www.facebook.comindianblooddonors and got an immediate response from RJ Karishma in Dallas, USA. Karishma, who runs her own radio station (http://www.radiokarishma.com/), offered to do the entire recording for free. \"That's how the recording was done and we put up the system for people of India. It'll cost the caller the cost of an STD call to get a donor's number,\" Khushroo informed.\"We developed the entire system without spending a single paisa. We believe that to do good work one doesn't always need money... The success of www.indianblooddonors.com is an example which has saved many a life,\" he said.Khushroo works for the Indian Railways and Fermin works for J N Tata Parsi Girls high school. Indianblooddonors.com is not an NGO. They do not take money or donations. For Khushroo and Fermin, this project is purely a labour of love. As Khushroo explains, \"Indianblooddonors.com does not have a revenue model, nor do we wish to monetize the service. The plan is simple faith in generosity of people willing to provide resources whenever required. There are currently over 50,000 registered donors and thousands of lives have been saved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "aurangabad", "code": "14105144", "title": "Latur finishes last among nine divisions with 69% success rate", "text": "AURANGABAD: Latur division, once known for its consistent and highly successful track record at producing excellent results, has finished last among the nine divisions of the Maharashtra state board for secondary and higher secondary education in the secondary school certificate (SSC, Std X) March 2012 exam results this year. The division recorded a pass percentage of only 69.01 for fresh candidates.The Latur divisional board authorities are, however, not disheartened by the showing as they pointed out that the division's performance has actually improved over the last two years. In 2010, Latur had slipped from No 3 to the last position among the then eight divisional boards, with a pass percentage of 44.48. The stunning downslide then represented almost half of the success rate of each of the remaining seven divisional boards. It also came in a year when the Best-5 scoring pattern had shored up the success rate of almost all the divisions.\"We don't mind where Latur stands in the division-wise performance. The fact is, our results have improved since March 2010,\" Latur divisional board chairman Dilip Sahasrabudhe said on Wednesday. \"In March 2011, our results improved to 63% and this year it has gone up to 69.01%,\" he pointed out.Sahasrabuddhe insisted that the last-place showing is no reflection of a state of decline from what was once known as the 'Latur Pattern' that consistently produced high-scoring students and better results. \"We will continue to improve at the divisional level,\" he said. Latur division covers Nanded, Osmanabad and Latur districts.He cited district-wise performance to drive home the point of Latur's improved showing. \"Nanded's pass percentage has gone up from 31% in 2010 to 53% in 2011 and now 60%, while Osmanabad's success rate has improved from 45% in 2010 to 64% last year and 72% this year. This represents 7% and 8% improvement respectively.\"Similarly, Latur district saw its success rate going up from 64% in 2010 to 72% last year and now it has achieved 74% result, which means a 2% improvement over last year, Sahasrabuddhe said.He, however, conceded that ther division's pass percentage had dropped in the last few years due to the anti-copying campaign that was launched by the state education board.Meanwhile, the Aurangabad division, which covers Aurangabad, Jalna, Beed, Parbhani and Hingoli, has recorded 12.86% increase in its success rate over last year. \"Our pass percentage this year is 71.36%,'' said P S Pathare, Aurangabad divisional board secretary.He said, 99,901 out of the total 1.40 lakh-plus candidates have been declared passed this year. \"This is a good sign of improvement as the division has strictly implemented anti-copying drive, involving revenue, police and education department,\" he said.ends | Syed | Vishwas", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14109307", "title": "Premium floor space index may lose its sheen temporarily", "text": "CHENNAI: Premium floor space index (FSI) when introduced by the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA) three years ago, was seen as a tool that could encourage vertical growth of the city. FSI is the ratio of land area to the built-up space.Over these years, it has proved its potential to be a money spinner for the builder community and the regulatory agency as well. While builders have cashed in on the steep hike in market prices, the CMDA has generated additional revenue of 520 crore through collection of premium charges for the additional FSI sanctioned.Starting with a meagre 6 crore collection in 2009-10, the revenue from premium FSI charges shot up to 160 crore the following year and scaled further up to 300 crore last financial year. In the first two months of the current year, the CMDA has earned 50 crore through allocation of premium FSI.The euphoria over premium FSI seems to have paused for now owing to the recent exponential hike, on April 1, in the guideline values. As the premium charges for the additional FSI is calculated based on the guideline values, it does not make economic sense to avail premium FSI when the guideline values are higher than the market value, said Prakash Challa, former vice-president of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India. The situation in the outskirts of the city, where guideline values have gone up by even 10 times, the situation is still worse.But, the first two months of the current year have yielded good revenue for the CMDA through sale of premium FSI because \"most of those cases had got sanctions last financial year. Hence, they have paid the premium charges on the basis of earlier guideline values\" said an official. A sizeable segment of people, who apply for premium FSI are those constructing buildings for self use, noted Challa. They would continue to avail the facility, he felt.Going by the rate of growth in residential prices in the city in the last five years, the lull may be short-lived. The residential price index of the National Housing Bank shows that apartment prices have shot up by three times in the central business districts of the city since 2007. Even the backwater regions of the city command an apartment price of 7,000 to 8,000 per sq ft now.Meantime, the Directorate of Town and Country Planning, the regulatory agency for the rest of the state, is on the verge of introducing premium FSI in its limits. \"It has become a necessity with the introduction of the development control rules for the DTCP last year,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107450", "title": "Fire at Safdarjung Hospital", "text": "NEW DELHI: A minor fire broke out at the Safdarjung Hospital on Wednesday evening. A short circuit in an electric box is supposed to be the cause of the blaze.Police said that two fire tenders were dispatched to the spot and the fire was contained within minutes. Cops said they had evacuated the ward 13 even as some smoke filled up ward 14 of the medicine ward. However, no one was injured in the incident. \"It was a very minor fire that lasted for no more than five minutes . All the fire drills helped and the hospital authorities themselves kept the condition under control,'' said additional DCP (south) P S Khuswah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108664", "title": "Lawyers take out rally against CBI", "text": "CHENNAI: Advocates took out a rally against the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) here on Wednesday, protesting the delay on the part of the agency to solve the mystery shrounding the death of Satish Kumar.Kumar was found dead on June 7 last year. Court proceedings came to a standstill, with advocates associations announcing one-day boycott. The rally was taken out from Manroe status to Chepauk government guest house.The case, registered by the city police, was handed over to the CBI for impartial probe. In March, the agency, which had filed several status report, informed the court that the chargesheet was ready to be filed before a competent court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118680", "title": "Surat Municipal Corporation on collision course with Centre on JnNURM", "text": "SURAT: Sharp differences have emerged between the Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) and the Central government on the issue of constituting district-level review and monitoring committee for Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JnNURM) funds.Following a series of complaints in SMC-constructed economically weaker section (EWS) housing and delay in BRTS project, a delegation of JnNRUM officials paid a visit to the city and took a first-hand report of the work done from the allotment of Central funds given to various civic bodies under different schemes of urban housing and infrastructural facilities.However, Surat (rural) MP and Union minister of state for roads and transport Tushar Chaudhary demanded a formation of district-level committees. Union urban development minister Kamal Nath heeded to his request and sent a letter in this regard to chief minister Narendra Modi and the civic authorities concerned of Surat.In the letter dated on May 7 and June 5, the state government was asked to ensure formation of such a committee for better monitoring and implementation process of funds allotted for Surat.Talking to TOI, Chaudhary said, \"Under the BJP rule, local civic body has misused the funds and has not done the work for all round development. We need this committee to keep a check on misuse of the funds allotted for the city.\"Reacting to this development, municipal commissioner MK Das said, \"The MoUs signed between the SMC, state government and Central government doesn't have any provision for formation of such committees.\"SMC officials also said that allotment under JnNURM scheme is already over. The civic body has already used up the major portion of grant allotted to them and that the work is there for all to see.It must be remembered that in the past seven years, SMC received a huge grant of more than Rs 2,250 crore from the Central government under different heads in JnNURM scheme and in major counts has received awards from the union ministry in proper utilization of the funds.SMC was awarded in four categories during the year 2009-10 for its implementation of the JnNURM projects. However, in BRTS it is lagging behind the schedule by almost a year. And number of complaints on the constructed EWS has cropped up in the past eight months.An SMC official said, \"Time limit for the JnNURM scheme is over and there are no new projects in line.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "14107226", "title": "Officials fail to clear encroachments in Ambala", "text": "AMBALA: Having failed to meet the deadline for clearing Ambala cantonment area of encroachments, the district administration is now faced with contempt proceedings. A deadline given by the Punjab and Haryana high court, Chandigarh in this regard ended on Wednesday.\"Whether this failure was intentional or unintentional, this has to be clarified by Ambala administration in the HC. We are now preparing documents to move a contempt petition against them,\" said S K S Bedi, a local resident lawyer, who has moved a PIL seeking clearing of encroachments in Ambala cantonment area and the area around CIN church.\"Whatever action taken by administration so far was merely an eye wash. Authorities did not bother to act against influential persons while their action was restricted to those who could hardly raise their voice against the administration,\" Bedi, who is also contesting a case on behalf of the church , said.Accompanied by Father Daman of CIN church, Bedi also circulated copies of orders issued by Punjab and Haryana high court among mediapersons, wherein Ambala district administration was directed to submit a report after clearing the encroachments by June 13.Shekhar Vidhyarthi, Ambala deputy commissioner (DC) expressed inability to comment saying, \"I am on leave these days and can take up the issue only after joining duty back.\"Despite repeated attempts, Mukesh Ahuja, who had been supervising the anti-encroachment drive in the past, could not be contacted for comments.In his PIL, filed in March 2011, the advocate had alleged that a waste area has been encroached in cantonment area of Ambala and the administration never took action against it. The HC had ordered the Ambala administration to remove all encroachments.After the court's order, Ambala administration claimed to have identified around 354 such structures which had come on the encroached land. On July 13 and 21 of 2011, the administration carried out antian -encroachment drive at railway road and at various places of Sadar Bazaar.The administration claimed to have removed over 200 structures, out of 354, but sought time till November 2011. In June, some more illegal structures were removed, but again, it appealed before the court and got the deadline extended till February 2012.Later, the administration sought time upto June 13, 2012 giving an undertaking to complete the task within the stipulated time. The court had granted time but said in its order on February 13, 2012 that the petitioner can approach the court if he found that encroachments have not been removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104803", "title": "PWD gets Army nod for Red Road beautification", "text": "KOLKATA: On chief minister Mamata Banerjee's request, the Army has written to the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) permitting the state PWD to undertake beautification work along Red Road.At the inauguration of the Hooghly riverfront beautification project on May 24, the chief minister and mayor Sovan Chatterjee had discussed the plan with the Army's GOC of the Bengal Area. During the discussion, the GOC had informed them that the Army was undertaking beautification work along Strand Road. It was then that the chief minister had urged the Army to undertake similar beautification work along Red Road.When KMC took up the matter with the Army, the latter responded within a week with its letter to the municipal commissioner, stating that the PWD city division may be advised to undertake a beautification project. The letter also stated that the department will have to seek a no objection certificate (NOC) from the Army headquarters. The municipal commissioner forwarded the letter of the Army to the PWD secretary for necessary action.According to rules, the Army is the custodian of the Maidan, the police is responsible for maintaining law and order while the PWD's city division is responsible for maintaining the open space looked upon as Kolkata's breathing ground.The PWD will now chalk out a beautification plan along Red Road and send a report to the Army for an NOC. \"We will now chalk out a plan with consultation with the KMC and work on accordingly,\" said PWD secretary Ajit Ranjan Bardhan.The state government has also submitted proposals for clearance of the riverfront project along some stretches of the Hooghly. Earlier, Union defence minister A K Antony had given the nod for the riverfront beautification project in Kolkata, jointly conceived by the state government and KMC.Beautifying the city has been an important issue in the government's agenda. A committee has been formed to draft plans to beautify the city with street furniture to give it a clean, green and aesthetic look. Trident lights have been installed at important roads of the city.Besides, places in the city are being painted blue and white. The urban development department is also working on beautification plans for the city's fringes and the districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111156", "title": "SSC exam results: Sweet sound of success", "text": "MUMBAI: The 16-year-old student of Angel Land High School in Andheri (W) had been diagnosed with profound sensorineural hearing loss at birth, a condition which caused 90% deafness. Dev, who scored 92 and 90 in Maths and Science respectively, plans to study science. \"I simply can't express my happiness in words. We've always taken special care of Dev and never let him feel he had a handicap. He has been a topper throughout his academic career,\" said his father, Ashish Shah. He said the biggest hurdle before disabled students was lack of moral support. \"One should remember that the handicapped students need a lot of moral support to shine. ButSadly, a lot of parents do not understand the seriousness of a disability and pressurize their wards to perform,\" he added.\"Hearing-impaired children are no different from others and can excel if given the right guidance and support. Dev has been bright in academics since childhood and participated in various extra-curricular activities organised by us, which helped boost his confidence,\" said Devangi Dalal, audiologist and speech therapist at the institute where Dev was trained in auditory, language, speech and voice skills since childhood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "14120710", "title": "Pine City to observe Blood Donor Day", "text": "SHILLONG: The Meghalaya AIDS Control Society in collaboration with Meghalaya State Legislators' Forum on HIV and AIDS, Meghalaya State Transfusion Council and licensed blood banks of the state will jointly observe World Blood Donor Day with the theme 'Every Blood Donor is a Hero' from Thursday.\"To create awareness for safe and continuous blood supply, June 14 is observed as World Blood Donor Day every year. However, this year we are launching a month-long programme focusing on the idea that everyone can become a hero by donating blood,\" says S Laloo, project director of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.\"While recognizing the silent and unsung heroes who save lives every day through blood donation, the theme also strongly encourages more people all over the world to donate blood voluntarily and regularly,\" he said.Laloo said the goal of World Health Organization is that all countries must be able to obtain their blood supplies entirely from voluntary unpaid donors by 2020.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112157", "title": "No consensus on Maharashtra's irrigation data", "text": "MUMBAI: The Democratic Front government can't reach a consensus on the performance of Maharashtra's irrigation sector in the past decade. A white paper prepared by water resources (irrigation) minister Sunil Tatkare claims 5.68% of additional land was brought under irrigation between 1995 and 2011. However, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan claimed that the state's irrigation potential has increased by 0.1%. Senior agriculture department officials said the figure is inflated and includes area covered under water conservation projects.On Wednesday, a series of meetings were held between various departments to find out discrepancies. The issue had turned into a flashpoint the leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse on May 4 highlighted the irrigation department's performance, saying between 2001 and 2011 only 0.1% additional land was brought under irrigation .This was followed by Chavan's jibe at the department was under the NCP since 1999. Tatkare had promised that his department would present a comprehensive white paper on the status of irrigation projects.According to the white paper about Rs 40,000 crore was spent on irrigation projects executed or approved between 1995 and 2011. Of this Rs 12,000 crore was utilized on acquiring land, rehabilitation and establishment costs and Rs 10,000 crore was used on ongoing projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112350", "title": "CBI probe points to contract killing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The initial probe in the sensational murder of Sham Fashion Mall owner Amarjeet Singh has the CBI officials believing it could be a case contract killing. The investigating agency has sought details of all previous contract murders from Chandigarh police to get a background of such cases in the city. The CBI had taken over the investigation of this case after Chandigarh police failed to crack the case which shook the city in 2009. Singh was killed by two youths on a motorcycle at night outside his residence.The investigating officials are exploring all the angles, but they feel contract killing could be a crucial aspect, as the assailants fled leaving Rs 2 lakh cash with the deceased in his car. \"They would have grabbed the cash if their motive was robbery,\" said a CBI official. Chandigarh police have a record of two cases of contract killing in the city. The murder of Jagat cinema manager in 2002 and the sensational murder of Prabhjinder Singh Dimpy in 2006 were carried on with almost same modus-operandi by alleged contract killers.In May 2009, Amarjit Singh was shot at when he returned to his Sector 35 home at around 10 in the night. Two motorcycle-borne men, who were probably following him, fired two to three shots at him through right windshield of his black Skoda car, said the police.The case was handed over to CBI by Punjab and Haryana high court when UT police failed to crack it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112001", "title": "Mercury set to touch 43 degree mark soon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With no rain in sight, mercury is likely to touch the 43 degrees celsius mark in the coming days. The weather is expected to remain largely dry. soonThe hot and sunny weather will continue for another five days, predicts the weatherman.The maximum temperature on Wednesday was 42 degrees celsius. \"There will not be any dip in the mercury levels in the coming days,\" says meteorological department director Surender Pal. Humidity levels will remain normal but residents should not expect any respite from the blazing heat.With the constant increase in heat, the temperature will hover at 42 to 43 degrees celsius. \"Any rain too will not bring the temperature down,\" says Pal. However, humidity will become a major problem when it begins to rain during the day time in the coming weeks. Moisture levels rise after brief showers in the afternoon, which makes the atmosphere very humid and suffocating. And presently, the conditions are very hot and dry, points out the Met department. People are also fed-up of the combined onslaught of heat and power cuts.\"Our sector has experienced a lot of power cuts this season and the heat has only added to our woes,\" says Nina, a resident of Sector 35. \"We thought the rain might help bring down the temperature, but it has been of no use,\"says Isha Gupta, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14111927", "title": "New sports policy in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To further promote sports in Haryana, the state government on Wednesday released a sports policy.Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda released the Exposure Draft which forms the State's Youth Policy 2012 to enable physical, psychological, intellectual, social and economic well-being of the youth, thereby creating educated, physically fit, enterprising, law-abiding and socially responsible youth that are an asset to their family, community and the state.The Chief Minister, who released the Policy at a conference on Youth in Mass Media organized by Haryana Sports and Youth affairs Department here, said that as Haryana has a large population comprising of youth, there is a need to mobilize their energies for economic growth and holistic development of the state.According to the policy, the primary responsibility for coordinating all efforts around implementation of sport related programs will be with Department of Youth Affairs and Sports, Haryana. They will incorporate the sports related programs in their planning and also allocate necessary funds for implementation. All other Government departments, private and voluntary organizations will support them as the need may be. The State has a very vibrant sporting culture.In addition to their current sporting initiatives, the Government could put an increased focus on recreational and adventure activities for the youth by organizing various camps throughout the year. This would allow for a healthy and active population, which will be a great asset for the State.In line with the Haryana Sports Policy 2009, the State Government would continue to build new sports facilities and upgrade the existing ones while also ensuring their proper maintenance. Basic coaching should be made available at all these facilities for the benefit of young children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "rajam (srikakulam)", "code": "14106637", "title": "Death toll in Lakshmipet violence rises to 5", "text": "RAJAM (SRIKAKULAM): Lakshmipet incident rose to five with one more person succumbing to his injuries while undergoing treatment in Visakhapatnam on Wednesday. The deceased was identified as G Papayya. Thirty others were admitted to various hospitals with injuries. Nine of them suffered serious injuries, sources said.Two rival groups attacked each other with bombs, sharp weapons over a land dispute on Tuesday at Lakshmipeta in Vangara mandal. Educational institutions and commercial establishments remained closed following a bandh observed by dalit and people's organizations. The protestors and family members of the five victims demanded that the government suspend Palakonda DSP Bala Devi and arrest former MPP of Vangara mandal Botsa Vasu Naidu along with other attackers.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, who made a sudden trip here, faced the wrath of the relatives of the deceased when he called on the victims at the hospital here. PCC chief Bosta Satyanarayana and minister Kondru Murali Mohan accompanied the CM. People raised slogans against the CM and said that not a single person was arrested 36 hours after the incident.Dalit organizations blamed the local Congress leaders for allowing the culprits to go scot- free.The family members of the victims staged a rasta roko on the Rajam main road and demanded stern action against those responsible for the attack. The kith and kin of the victims said they would not allow the authorities to conduct post-mortem till they get justice. They alleged that the harassment by BC communities was brought to the notice of revenue and police authorities but no action was taken against them.Meanwhile, the CM enhanced the ex gratia to the victims from Rs 1 lakh to Rs 5 lakh. He announced that one person from each family of the deceased would be given a government job if they have necessary educational qualifications and a pension of Rs 3,000 to each aged member. He also promised land for the landless and houses for the victims' families assured a stringent action would be taken against the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "14111445", "title": "Will Pak bury ghazal shahenshah near Jinnah?", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan called him Shahenshah-e-Ghazal \u2014 emperor of ghazal \u2014 and his family wants him buried in the mausoleum of the country's tallest leader, Mohammed Ali Jinnah.Mehdi Hassan, 84, started life as a humble auto-mechanic and went on to mesmerize the world with his flawless melody for well over 50 years. After battling for life for almost a decade, he breathed his last at a Karachi hospital on Wednesday. He will be laid to rest on Friday, his children said. The government is yet to take a decision on their request for giving him a resting place in Jinnah's mausoleum.In the 1980s, Hassan had to cut back on performances because of multiple ailments which aggravated with time. He had lung, chest and urinary tract problems and for the past many years had been under treatment in Pakistani hospitals. Some days ago, he was admitted to Agha Khan Hospital after he developed severe chest infection and breathing problems.\"My father has been ill for the last 12 years. This year, his condition deteriorated significantly. He was discharged from hospital for just one day before being admitted again,\" said Arif Mehdi, Hassan's son. Hundreds of fans gathered at the hospital after news of his death broke.Hassan's popularity \u2014 both in his home country and across the border in India \u2014 was reflected in the outpouring of grief as television channels in Pakistan beamed Lata Mangeshkar talking of the maestro. She was deeply saddened by Hassan's death, she said. It's sad that such a wonderful person had to suffer so much, Lata said. Lyricist Javed Akhtar said Hassan's voice gave solace to thousands all over the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112317", "title": "Nigerian, 2 others held for duping man of Rs 22L", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The economic offences wing of Chandigarh police on Wednesday has claimed to have busted a gang of frauds, including Nigerian national, who duped Ambala resident of over Rs 22 lakh on the pretext of helping him settle abroad. From the arrested three accused, police have recovered over a dozen ATM cards.In his complaint Devinder Pritpal Singh of Ambala, said in 2008, he came to Chandigarh for some work and met one Thomas at a hotel. Thomas told him that he is secretary to Duke, Ambassador of France to Indonesia and could arrange visa for him if he was interested to get settled in USA and demanded Rs 22 lakh for getting visa for 3 people. He said he deposited Rs 11.44 lakh in different account numbers given by Duke and his associates and paid cash Rs 10.50 lakh in cash. But he was neither sent abroad nor was his money returned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14122245", "title": "It\u2019s official: Dads worth less than that of mom", "text": "Dads are worth less than moms based on the work they do at home, according to a new study.According to Insure.com's 2012 Father's Day Index, a dad's home front contributions were valued at just over 20,000 dollars, which is nearly one-third of what moms would earn.Insure.com's index assesses the value of dad's domestic duties based on the hourly compensation individuals receive for performing the same tasks, according to data from Bureau of Labor Statistics .It turs out that dad's work around the house would earn him a paycheck of 20,248 dollars for the year, up a mere 103 dollars from last year's index.The site assessed mom's valuation for 2012 at 60,182 dollars.Insure.com assigned more \"fix-it\" jobs to dad, and more nurturing jobs to mom in the index.The site lists dad's jobs to include barbequing, helping with homework, moving furniture, coaching a team, and performing maintenance around the house.Meanwhile, mom's jobs at home included shopping for her family, nursing wounds, giving haircuts, and cleaning up.However, the way in which home roles corresponded to waged employment does not necessarily correlate.One of mom's jobs was finding up what the kids were up to. For this task, she earned 869 dollars annually, which was extrapolated from BLS earnings of private detectives and investigators.Also, moms and dads performing the same jobs for the same amount of time would earn different wages.Based on the index, a father would earn 12.03 dollars hourly for driving the kids, which Insure.com estimates he'd perform 9 hours a week for 52 weeks out of the year.However, a mom performing the same tasks for the same amount of time would earn 13.83 dollars an hour, according to the website.There were no projections for how much it would cost to hire a babysitter under \"jobs\" for dad, a task for which mom earned 19,196 dollars annually, nearly all of dad''s salary.The jobs assigned to men versus women in the indices raises issues of gender-bias, says Brad Harrington, executive director at the Boston College Center for Work and Family.\"I think it stresses people's stereotypes of men's roles and women's roles,\" ABC News quoted him as saying.\"Especially without having asked men what they do in their free time, or what they do with the kids when they're home,\" he said.Harrington said that while gender roles have not disappeared as to who does what in the home and with the kids, it is often assumed that parenting roles have not changed, when in fact, that is not the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111321", "title": "Akola boy Shubham likely SSC topper in Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: The Konkan division emerged the best among the nine divisions of the Maharashtra State Board for Secondary and Higher Secondary Education with an overall pass percentage of 90.76 in the secondary school certificate examination 2012, the results of which were declared on Wednesday.Nagpur division had a success rate of 69.68%, a 0.62% drop as compared to last year. It finished at sixth position, down from last year's fifth position. Amravati division with 63.90% success rate saw a sharp rise of 20.58% as compared to 2011, when it finished at bottom of the table among all the nine divisions.From Vidarbha, Akola students bagged the top two slots. Shubham Pande from Bal Shivaji School who scored 98.91% and is the likely topper from Vidarbha. He is followed by Rashmi Gawande from Bharat Vidyalaya and Gauri Deshpande of Narayandas Laddhad School, Amravati, both with 98.55% marks, on the second spot. Nikita Mudliar from city's Somalwar School, Ramdaspeth, is the likely third in the region with 98% score.Girls once again outperformed the boys by registering 88.30% as against boys' pass percentage of 82.36. Over 17 lakh students appeared for the SSC exam this year and 12.75 lakh emerged successful. Overall, the state saw a 4% rise in successful candidates as compared to last year. The success rate of all nine divisions in state is 74.98% this year as compared to 71.04% in 2011, 78.72% in 2010, and 80.18% in 2009. This year's results have stopped the declining trend being witnessed over the last three years. Pune (85.12%) and Kolhapur (83.02%) were placed on the second and third spot respectively. Later again finished at bottom with registering a pass percentage of 62.35.Like last year, this year too, the board announced the results online. Mathematics - both general and its easier option - emerged as killer subject followed by English.The repeaters performance saw a marginal increase this year with 31.17% success rate. A total of 97 schools across the state recorded zero per cent result including 3 from Nagpur division; 619 schools registered less than 30% results from among 20,199 schools in the state. The government plans to take stringent action again schools faring badly in the exam.There is a decline of copying cases as compared to last year with 1,809 cases registered against 3,264 in 2011. In Nagpur division, 705 cases were registered.Many students scored unimaginable 100% due to addition of 25 sports quota marks. But from next it year sports quota marks will be awarded only to students who failed in the exam.There is a sharp fall in 90 percenters in the state. Only about 2% of total number of candidates crossed the figure. In Nagpur division, 1,822 scored 90% and above, which is much less than 3,186 of last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108768", "title": "Parents refuse to pay hiked fee until education department takes a decision", "text": "NASHIK: The stalemate between parents and the management of Rasbihari International School (RIS) continues even as the school reopened for the fresh academic year on Wednesday, with parents refusing to pay the revised fees till the matter was decided by the education authorities.After a meeting, the parents' committee decided against paying the school fees until the matter is settled by T N Supe, deputy director of education.They have called for a meeting on Saturday to decide the future course of action in this regard.Parents have been opposing the decision of the RIS management to hike tuition fees by 60% from the current academic year. The issue is still pending with the deputy director of education.Speaking to TOI, a member of the parents' committee, S K Jain said, \"The parents have decided not to pay fees to the school as the final decision is still pending. The school management had submitted a proposal regarding the hike to the deputy director of education, but had not justified the fee hike in the proposal. Hence the deputy director has instructed us not to pay the fees until a final decision is taken. Accordingly, we have asked all parents not to pay fees.\"On April 30, parents of children studying in RIS, who had come to the school to collect the report cards, had staged a rasta roko on the MERI-Mumbai-Agra national highway (NH3) link road after they learnt about the hike in tuition fees from Rs 1,900 to Rs 3,100 per month.Their demonstration was temporarily suspended after police officials intervened and spoke to the parents and the school administration.A decision was taken for joint meetings on the issue between the school chairman, trustees and parents on May 22. But the school management had refused to meet the parents saying the issue was pending with the education department.The school fees, which were Rs 600 per month in 2006-07, have been increased to Rs 3,100 a month for the academic year 2012-13. Fees were increased to Rs 800 a month in 2007-08, Rs 900 a month in 2008-09, Rs 1,200 a month in 2009-10, Rs 1,400 a month in 2010-11, Rs 1,900 a month in 2011-12 and now to Rs 3,100 a month for 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14105869", "title": "Camera in classroom: HC dismisses school's appeal", "text": "KOCHI: Kendriya Vidyalaya's appeal against a school teacher suspended and later transferred for participating in protests against installation of surveillance cameras in classrooms was dismissed by the Kerala high court on Wednesday.Five teachers of Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) at East Hill in Kozhikode were transferred to other KV schools in Chennai and Kochi on January 25, 2012. This was after students and teachers conducted protests against installation of 16 cameras on the campus and classrooms.Kendriya Vidyalaya approached the high court after their orders transferring teachers to Kochi and Chennai was quashed by the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT).On Wednesday, division bench comprising justice C N Ramachandran Nair and justice C K Abdul Rehim dismissed the appeal against Jayaseelan M, a teacher of biology at Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1, after KV's counsel brought to the court's notice that another division bench of the court has dismissed three appeals on the same issue.Turning down the appeals filed by the school earlier, division bench comprising acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique had ruled that transferring the teachers was not right and there was no ground to interfere with the CAT's order, which had found that the transfers were not legally sustainable.The school's principal had installed surveillance cameras using the school maintenance fund, raised by collecting Rs 240 per month from around 3,000 students, during the autumn break in October last year.When the school reopened, students and teachers protested against installation of cameras by staging sit-ins in front of the principal's office. Following this, the district collector, who is also the chairman of the school, intervened and directed the principal to temporarily discontinue the use of surveillance cameras.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur/bikaner", "code": "14108520", "title": "A week on after crash in Nigeria, family awaits pilot's body in Bikaner", "text": "JAIPUR/BIKANER: For more than a week, 56-year-old Inder Singh Rathore, father of Mahendra Singh Rathore the co-pilot of the Boeing that went down in Lagos, Nigeria, is awaiting for his son's body at their ancestral home in Bikaner. Rathore is upset with the dilly dally of Central authorities who have not been able to expedite the process for arrival of body.All 153 people on board the Boeing aircraft, apart from over 40 others on the ground, were killed when the Dana Airlines plane crashed in Lagos on June 3.Rathore, who works in a private company in Kolkata, is in Bikaner along with his wife Pushpa Rathore (52), daughter-in-law Isha Rathore (32) and seven-year old grandson Surya Pratap Singh. He is trying his best to console the family members and is praying for early arrival of his son's body.\"It has been more than a week. My younger son had also submitted his blood sample at a laboratory in Delhi, a few days after the accident, for any DNA test to confirm the body, but still there are no concrete information on when my son's body would arrive here,\" a devastated Rathore said angrily.He said at least the chief minister of Rajasthan, Ashok Gehlot , can speak to the ministry concerned to pursue the matter seriously.Rathore said his family is in touch with the officials of Dana airlines. \"I spoke to them last evening and they confirmed that they have got the DNA report. But did not say much on when the body will reach here,\" he said, adding that initially the authorities of Dana Airlines with whom he was in touch assured him that the body will reach Delhi in the next four days.\"Nobody from the Union government has said a single word after my son's death. I would request them to do the needful to ensure the body of my son reaches here,\" Rathore said.It is getting difficult for the aggrieved family as Rathore said his wife Pushpa and his daughter-in-law Isha are almost in unconscious state. \"A doctor is at our Bikaner residence round the clock to look after them,\" Rathore said.\"Initially the news of his death came as a shock for us. Now we are yet to get his body for the funeral rites. What should I do? I cannot see tears in their eyes for a long time,\" he said.On his deceased son, Rathore said: \"He was born in Bikaner. When he was one-year-old, we moved to Kolkata where I started working in a private company. He studied in Kolkata and later worked for two private airlines in India. Four years ago, he went to Florida (US) and got a CPL licence. He was working with Dana Airlines for the past two years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14122382", "title": "Central Bank holds mega credit camp in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "INDORE: In a drive aimed at giving a major fillip to priority sector lending in Madhya Pradesh, Central Bank of India organized three mega credit camps, one each at Jabalpur, Sagar and Bhopal, on June 9, 12 and 13, 2012 respectively. All the three camps were graced by RK Dubey, executive director, Central Bank of India.Moreover, a sum amounting to Rs 10.68 crore was sanctioned to 1477 beneficiaries under chief minister's Rural Housing Mission. Aruna Sharma, IAS, Principal Secretary (Panchayat &amp; Rural Development), Ashok Shah, IAS, Commissioiner - Institutional Finance, Neeraj Mandloi, IAS, CEO, MP Rojgar Guarantee Parishad and many other dignitaries from Govt of Madhya Pradesh were specially present in the camps. A large number of beneficiaries were present in the camps at the aforesaid places to receive their loan amounts.The 411th branch of the bank in Madhya Pradesh at Jaisinagar in Sagar District was also inaugurated on the occasion.This is 22nd branch of the Bank in Sagar District and 4016th in the country. Besides, 109 Ultra Small Branches (USBs) attached to different branches in different Districts were inaugurated.Formation of 29 Farmers' Clubs and appointment of 150 Bank Mitras (Business Facilitators) were also announced on the occasions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14120728", "title": "Bandh disrupts life in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: Life came to a grinding halt in Arunachal Pradesh capital on Wednesday following 48-hour bandh called by three organizations protesting non-fulfillment of their demands by the government.The bandh was called by All Nyishi Youth Council (ANYC), Arunachal Pradesh Abo Tani Clans Youth Organization (APATCYO) and Arunachal Pradesh Youth Forum (APYF) demanding immediate cancellation of land possession certificate awarded to non-Arunachalees.Their other demands include increasing age-limit for ST (Scheduled Tribes) and OBC (Other Backward Classes) candidates in Arunachal Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) examinations and action against misrepresentation of the Nyishi tribe in a general knowledge book. Barring a few sporadic incidents, the first day of the bandh was peaceful. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110218", "title": "Maharashtra govt gives cancer centre land but with a rider", "text": "MUMBAI: The decks have been cleared for setting up a proton therapy treatment centre here.The state government on Wednesday cleared the proposal, with a rider, for leasing of a five-acre plot in Parel to the Tata Memorial Hospital (TMH) for setting up the healthcare facility for women and child suffering from cancer.But the premier cancer institute of Mumbai will have to reserve 50% beds in the new building for patients suffering from cancer in Maharashtra. The institute already runs a 700-bed hospital for cancer patients in Parel.\"Of the land with Haffkine institute, five acres will be given to the hospital on lease for 30 years and the government will charge a nominal amount for it. In return, the hospital will have to reserve 50% beds for cancer patients in the state,\" medical education minister Dr Vijaykumar Gavit told TOI.The proposal to allot prime land was given in-principle approval at the last cabinet meeting. But it was not cleared as many ministers, besides chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, felt the government should not charge the cancer institute an annual rent of Rs 13.38 crore for the land. \"Few ministers felt the state government should waive the lease amount. Hence, the proposal was not cleared. A revised proposal of charging around Rs 50 per square foot was tabled and accordingly cleared,\" a senior minister stated.The hospital had procured equipment for carrying out treatment and had even got funds from the Union government for expansion, but was hunting for land.The cancer hospital had earlier requested the state government to give five acres from Haffkine institute or 10 acres from a plot reserved for leprosy patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14125543", "title": "Shahid-Priyanka in a college to promote their kahaani", "text": "Bollywood stars Priyanka Chopra and Shahid Kapoor are leaving no stone unturned to promote their upcoming movie Teri Meri Kahaani.The hot couple complementing each other along with the director Kunal Kohli reached Jai Hind College for a promotional campaign. Heartily welcomed by the college students, both Priyanka and Shahid had a great time.Looking completely cool in a white tee and black trousers, heart-throb Shahid Kapoor with his hot co-star Priyanka Chopra even danced when playback singer Hrishikesh Chury presented few songs for the students. Amid cheer, loud and applause, Shahid also sang a few lines from his film, slated to hit the screens on June 22. A fashion show displaying students' creativity was also put up for the celebrity guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodra", "code": "14125279", "title": "Wife goes missing after husband's murder", "text": "VADODRA: Days after a tailor was shot in Wadi area by unidentified people, his wife and kids have gone missing.Dinesh Jhingar, a resident of Wadi was shot down at his shop by three people last month when he was alone. A local bootlegger Jayanti Patel is a prime suspect in the case. Jhingar's wife Gayatri had alleged that Patel was at loggerheads with her husband for quite some time.Sources said that Gayatri locked up her home and left with her kids about a fortnight ago. She hasn't returned yet. No one in the locality knows about her whereabouts as Gayatri didn't inform anyone before leaving. The cops have not been able to trace Patel who too is absconding.Jhingar had suffered from three bullet injuries and was declared dead when rushed to SSG Hospital. Gayatri had told the police that Patel had threatened Jhingar with his life some days before his murder. Jhingar as was pressurizing him to pay up a loan. Patel had taken vehicle loan and Jhingar had become a guarantor for it. However, Patel had stopped paying the installments that led to the dispute. Gayatri had told the police that Patel was one of the three persons who had entered the shop to kill her husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14113465", "title": "A breath test to sniff out cancer", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have developed a new cheap and simple breath analysing test which they say could accurately spot cancer indicators and help suggest whether a patient really needs further complex and expensive screenings.Unveiled at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago, this cancer-detecting breathalyser system, which is still awaiting clinical trials, is able to conduct prescreening for both breast cancer and lung cancer.Scientists at the Georgia Institute of Technology who developed the breathalyser said it could drastically reduce cancer screening costs and also the time and discomfort linked with CAT scans and mammograms.Researches said the breathalyser works by capturing the patient's breath in a specially made container. Once in the container, the breath will stay fresh for up to a month and a half with proper refrigerated storage. The container is sent to a lab where a chemical sensor searches for the organic compounds emitted by a body infected with cancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118646", "title": "Levy issues: Weavers demand special board", "text": "SURAT: Fearing stiff competition in the domestic market with the dumping of the imported fabrics and increase in the yarn prices by the spinners due to the levy of anti-dumping duty on all types of yarn, powerloom weavers in Surat have asked the ministry of textile to form a Man-Made Fibre Development Board (MMFDB).In a letter to the ministry, the Federation of Indian Art Silk Weaving Industry (FIASWI) has highlighted an urgent need to form the board to protect the basic rights of the powerloom weavers facing competition from fabric imported from China and other Asian countries.Office-bearers of FIASWI said that anti-dumping duties - duty paid on the import of yarn from China - are levied on all types of filament yarns which are used in weaving fabrics in Surat such as polyester yarn (POY), polyester filament yarn (PFY), nylon filament yarn (NFY), viscose filament yarn (VFY), etc.Arun Jariwala, chairman, FIASWI, told TOI, \"In case of silk industry, the textile ministry has formed the Central Silk Industry Development Board at Bangalore. When the anti-dumping duty was levied on silk yarn imported from China, the cheap imports of silk fabric from China had increased resulting in the closure of silk powerloom units. However, on representation by the silk development board, the anti-dumping duty was immediately levied on the import of silk fabric. We want this to be emulated in the case of man-made fibre industry\"As weavers are in the decentralized sector and most of them are in micro and small scale sectors, it is impossible for them to contest the applications for levying anti-dumping duties by giant spinning companies.The reason being the weavers need to engage chartered accounts, cost accountants, international data suppliers and legal advocates to contest their case in the government, said Jariwala.Industry sources said the prices of yarn manufactured by domestic spinners have increased by almost 30 to 40 per cent after the government extended the levy of antidumping duty on all types of fibre yarns imported from China for another five years. Now, the importers are looking over the huge opportunity to import cheap fabrics from China. This will result in the closure of many powerloom units in the city, rendering thousands of workers jobless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111358", "title": "SSC exam results: Autism not barrier enough", "text": "MUMBAI: Preparing for their first board examination is a major task for thousands of students. For some, any form of examination is tough. Yet, 10 autistic students managed to defy their personal handicaps to clear the SSC exams.All that parents of 18-year-old Aditya Paradkar wanted was to ensure that their son passed the SSC exams, but a score of 72% was beyond their expectations. \"We admitted him to a regular school two years late, but didn't enrol him in a special school. As a kid, his classmates made fun of him, but he braved everything to achieve this feat,\" said Aditya's father, Sudhir.Aditya, a student of Utkarsh Vidyalaya in Virar was an average student till Class VIII. However, he struggled to grasp the Class IX syllabus. \"His grades fell in Class IX and we were worried about how he would fare in Class X. He proved our fears wrong,\" beamed his father.At Yashodham High School in Goregaon (E), the principal and teachers went the extra mile to ensure that 16-year-old Riya Vora faced no problems. \"Students who seek benefits under the special category for SSC exams have a different syllabus. So our teachers made sure that they taught Riya even after class,\" said a senior school official. The efforts of the teachers and the student herself paid off as Riya scored 68.9%. \"Students like Riya make this achievement even more rewarding,\" added the official.From last year, the state board extended special benefits to autistic students like extra time to answer the paper and a less difficult syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110575", "title": "Mumbai stays dry for yet another day", "text": "MUMBAI: Though the southwest monsoon touched Vidarbha on Wednesday, Mumbai once again remained dry. The Met department says that the monsoon should cover the Konkan coast in 48 hours.The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) monsoon website said that except for Gawanpada, which recorded less than one mm rainfall between Tuesday and Wednesday evening, all other pockets of the city remained dry. While Colaba recorded a day time temperature of 32.1 degrees Celsius, Santa Cruz was hotter with 34.3 degrees Celsius.\"The monsoon has not moved much, but there has been a revision in its upper limit. Where earlier, it passed through Belgaum, it now passes from Vidarbha after crossing Harnai and Satara in Maharashtra,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director-general of the Indian Meteorological Department, Mumbai.The systems in the Arabian sea are likely to help the monsoon advance further, Apte added. According to the Met update, there is an off-shore trough at mean sea level from the north Konkan coast to south Karnataka coast. An upper air cyclonic circulation is persisting over the east-central Arabian sea off the Konkan coast.\"There is good cloud cover over the Arabian sea. The monsoon may hit Mumbai in 48 hours,\" said Apte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14105555", "title": "Sibal's two key plans run into roadblock", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union human resource development minister Kapil Sibal appears to have hit a rough patch with two key plans - introduction of the common test for IITs and the implementation of the minority sub-quota in central educational institutions - running into opposition.The minister is currently in Washington for the Indo-US higher education dialogue even as the All India IIT Faculty Federation (AIIITFF), which is on the warpath over the Centre's 'one-nation one-test' proposal, is scheduled to meet Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Friday. \"PMO's has responded to our request. We will meet PMO officials tomorrow (Thursday) and PM on Friday,\" a top official of AIIITFF said.The meeting assumes significance in the wake of Sibal virtually ruling out going back on the Centre's new proposal. Opposing the Centre's new format, the AIIITFF had written to the PM on May 31, saying that \"each IIT is an individual and independent academic entity and should reserve its right to follow its own norms with regards to admissions and other academic matter\".Seeking the PM's intervention, AIIITFF had said that the IIT system should be preserved not only as per the provisions of the acts but beyond.Sibal, who is currently on a visit to the US, has said that the government has no intent to impinge on the autonomy of the IITs.The ministry also suffered a setback on Wednesday after the Supreme Court refused to stay the Andhra high court order to carve out a 4.5% sub-quota from the 27% OBC reservation pie.The high court order led to confusion and concerns for the 325 students already shortlisted under the minority sub-quota. After instructions from the government and IITs, students were asked to widen their choice of courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14119023", "title": "Labour contractor robbed of Rs 10.3L", "text": "VADODARA: Robbers snatched away a bag containing cash amounting to Rs 10.3 lakh from the employee of a labour contracting firm in the city. The incident took place in the busy Sayajigunj area of the city on Wednesday afternoon.The incident took place when Ankit Choksi, a resident of Tarabaug Colony near the Polytechnic College, was coming out of the ICICI Bank at Suraj Plaza in Sayajigunj. Choksi had withdrawn Rs 10.3 lakh from the bank and had kept the cash in a bag around 2 pm.Choksi's clerk Jignesh Palas was carrying the bag and the duo walked towards Choksi's car that was parked under the Jetalpur overbridge located near the bank. Choksi had parked his car at a distance as there was no vacant parking space near the bank.Two unidentified persons came on a motorcycle from the Dairy Den Circle side and snatched the bag from Palas. The motorcyclists sped away from the place with the bag.Choksi told the police that he withdrew the money from the bank to pay the salary of labourers who worked under him. Choksi runs a labour contract firm called Om Enterprise. He was to pay salary to around 125 persons on Wednesday.The police conducted extensive vehicle checking and monitored entry and exit points to the city, but the accused could not be spotted. An offence was registered at the Sayajigunj police station regarding the incident. The police station does not have a police inspector (PI) since last month after PI H J Kin retired. The charge has been handed over to another officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "14112137", "title": "3 arrested for molesting animal rights activist", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Three of the six accused who had allegedly molested and assaulted a animal rights activist and her cousin in Sanpada have been arrested.On June 4, six men had assaulted an MBA student, Roshni Majumdar (26), and her cousin Sumit Deb (28) because the two were feeding a stray dog in Sector 5, Sanpada. Roshni and Sumit immediately lodged a complaint against their assailants at Turbhe police station.On Tuesday evening, Akash Patil (18), Tejas Patil (20) and Priyesh Patil (25) were arrested under Section 354 (molestation) of the Indian Penal Code.DCP (zone 1) Purushottam Karad said, \"We immediately started investigations and took prompt action after getting the complaint.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14119148", "title": "36cr solid waste project hanging fire", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The city that generates around 300 tonnes of solid waste a day deserves a high-end solid waste management system in place on urgent basis, but apparent unwillingness and unprofessional approach of state urban development department officials has led the Rs 36 crore project hanging fire.The solid waste management project designed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission ( JNNURM) has failed to make headway even after more than a year of its approval from the Union urban development ministry.Subsequent to the sanction from the Union government in May 2011, the Jamshedpur Notified Area Committee (JNAC), which is also the nodal agency of the Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration Area, had prepared the project report and sent it to the state urban development department seeking to float the tender for appointment of the consultant for the project.However till date, the tender hasn't been floated for unknown reasons.\"Senior officials in the urban development department could reason out the persistent delay in floating the tender,\" said a JNAC officer. Jamshedpur MP Ajay Kumar who has been pursuing the matter for quite sometime is upset with the state government for deliberately overlooking the ambitious project.\"I have written letter to the deputy chief minister Hemant Soren (also in charge of the urban development department) seeking speedy action in issuing the tender,\" Kumar said adding that \"I have also written to Kamal Nath (Union urban development minister) drawing his attention to the issue.\"The ambitious project will be implemented in the Jamshedpur Urban Agglomeration Area comprising multiple authorities like Jugsalai municipality, the three notified area committees of Jamshedpur, Adityapur and Mango and eight village panchayats of Parsudih, Ghorabandha, Chhota Govindpur, Gadra, Haludbani, Sarjamda, Kitadih and Bagbera.The construction of the waste treatment and disposal plant on the 60-acre site at Khirbani is likely to get over by the end of 2011-12 fiscal year. Municipal wastes collected from different points will be processed at the treatment plant to generate biogas and produce fertilizers and bricks.In September 2010, Goa-based environment consultant Clinton Vaz had conducted a workshop in the city and indicated that 90% of garbage could be recycled with effective application of waste management principles and sincere participation of the individual and the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14106602", "title": "Gang involved in fake licences busted", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police has claimed to have smashed a gang involved in providing fake driving licences and other documents with the arrest of one person.Twenty-five forged driving licenses, four forged registration certificates of various states and two forged voter ID cards have been recovered from accused Mohammad Aslam, who was arrested from near Munirka on Tuesday. Officials suspect that the forged documents were also used to sell stolen vehicles in Nepal.\"We received a tip off about his presence there and we arrested him,\" Sanjay Kumar Jain, deputy commissioner of police (Crime), said. The car he was driving was also found to be stolen from Mewat in Haryana last month.Aslam came to Delhi about ten years ago and started working as a scrap dealer in Maujpur, east Delhi. \"Last year, he came in contact with one Javed who is allegedly involved in supplying of stolen goods. Javed gave him stolen cars for selling it in Delhi. Javed also asked him to arrange forged documents for stolen cars Aslam then contacted one Naresh, who owns a computer shop in Shalimar Bagh. Naresh prepared forged registration certificates. Meanwhile Aslam also started getting orders for forged driving licenses and insurances papers from other clients,\" Jain said.Two years ago, Naresh shut down his shop and left the area and then Aslam hired another computer operator and started preparing forged dsocuments at his residence. \"He used to get Rs 1,000 per document from the customers. His customers were from NCR region including Delhi, Sonipat, Gurgaon, Faridabad and Ghaziabad. Till date he might had supplied more than 1,000 forged documents,\" Jain said. Sources say that he had clientele in Nepal as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14118747", "title": "Man suspected of leptospirosis admitted to NCH", "text": "SURAT: Season's first case of deadly leptospirosis has been registered in Surat.Rohit Rathod, 25, a farm labourer from Siyod village near Surat was admitted to New Civil Hospital (NCH) on Tuesday after his fever did not subside for five days. NCH authorities said they are yet to receive Rathod's report but his symptoms show that he is suffering from leptospirosis. There is no change in his health condition since Tuesday.In 2011, highest deaths in history of state were reported with 187 people from south Gujarat and bordering area of Maharasthra becoming victim of the deadly disease. The disease was first reported in 1994 since then a number of farm labourers have become victim.The disease is believed to have come in Gujarat from the southern states and infects farm labourers during monsoon. The leptospira bacteria affect vital human organs resulting death within 5 to 10 days of infection. It enters human body through body wounds, mouth, eyes and nose. Rat, cattle and in some cases dogs are carriers of the bacteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14110460", "title": "Corporation officials come face to face with civil society", "text": "COIMBATORE: After a gap of almost a year, the city corporation officials, including the commissioner, came face to face with the members of its City Technical Advisory Group on Wednesday to discuss about the progress and state of various developmental works being undertaken in the city.The committee, comprising eminent members from the public including entrepreneurs, green activists, social workers, engineers and architects, is an advisory group constituted in cities implementing JNNURM schemes to often monitor the progress and implementation of the various civic projects.\"It has been over a year since the group has convened a meeting. We are planning to further revive the group in the coming days soon after new members are inducted in the committee,' said S Baskar, secretary of the group.One of the main issues discussed at the general body meeting was the need for the corporation and the state government to ensure that some transport projects and schemes are introduced in the city as part of the second phase of JNNURM projects to be announced in the coming days.\"We believe that the second phase of JNNURM in the city should have some prominence to the transport sector as the first phase focussed on water supply, basic services to urban poor and solid waste management projects,\" said P Arun Prasad, a city-based architect and a member of committee.The two main JNNURM projects in the city, storm water drain channel and under ground drainage network, were also discussed in detail at the meeting and the members asked the corporation commissioner to inspect and ensure the quality of work that is being executed in the city.\"The construction of storm water drains and underground drainage networks should be immediately speeded up and completed before the heavy rains that are likely to lead to flood like situations in major arterial roads in the city,\" said R Raveendran, honorary secretary of Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore (RAAC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "14111346", "title": "Non agriculture permission for land rejected, investors fate hangs in balance", "text": "YAVATMAL: The sub divisional magistrate of Yavatmal on Wednesday turned down the application of four persons for getting the statutory non agriculture (NA) permission for their proposed layout in village Bhosa.TOI was first to publish the report of illegal booking of plots and encroachment of public road on June 13.SDO Milind Shegaonkar has turned down the application filed by Sudhir Dubey and three others for NA permission for their agriculture land under survey Nos. 113/1 and 113 (2) measuring 5.89 hectares located in village Bhosa.In his order, the SDO has quoted four government circulars issued during October 11, 1998 and July 27, 2011, and, the provisions of the Maharashtra Land Revenue Act, 1966. He said the applicants must have produced no objection certificates (NOC) from 12 departments and the same should have been submitted within 90 days from the date of applying. \"The applicants failed to produce the mandatory NOCs. The forest department has also taken objection in granting NA permission,\" he said.Talking to TOI, the SDO said that he has ordered the taluka land record officer to visit the site of controversial Gajanan Nagri. He also asked the officer to report on the complaint filed by the owner of adjoining duly converted layout of Samadhan Nagar about the encroachment of public road and the fencing of the layout.\"As soon as I get the report, I will seize the decorative gate and fencing and open the road for public use,\" Shegaonkar said, adding that if the developers have encroached the public road, they will be booked under relevant sections of IPC.It is reportedly said one Wardha-based land developer has deployed his men and booked the plots on the site by taking huge amount as deposits from public. There are over 200 plots on the non-approved layout and the land investors were lured to book the plots through various gifts.Now the fate of the hard-earned money of the plot investors is hanging in the balance.The same land developer of Wardha has played the same trick on the land investors by launching one such non existing layout on Chausala Road in village Waghapur on the city outskirts and another in Arni town, about 35 kms away from Yavatmal city.A huge amount has been collected from the needy people by way of advance and none of these layouts has any legal sanction from the concerned authority. All the three layouts come under the jurisdiction of Yavatmal SDO Milind Shegaokar.Meanwhile the District Collector has shunted out the clerk in charge of NA permission section of the SDO office and relieved him post haste after his charges have been handed over to another clerk in the SDO office itself.The SDO's action has widely been lauded and the public under the threat of builder lobby seem to experience a sigh of relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14120085", "title": "Centre protecting Naveen on horse trading, says former min", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Union minister Braja Kishore Tripathy, who had successfully moved the Election Commission for recommending a CBI probe into the 2010 controversial Rajya Sabha elections in Odisha, on Wednesday accused the Centre of protecting the Naveen government on the issue for political interest.\"Acting upon the EC's April 9 letter, the Union government has engaged the CBI to probe the role of money power in influencing the Rajya Sabha elections in BJP-ruled Jharkhand. However, it has mysteriously chosen to ignore a similar recommendation in the same letter on Odisha,\" Tripathy said. \"The Congress is hands in glove with Naveen and is only playing a drama as opposition party. It had bailed out the Naveen government on several issues like mining, coal scams, corruption in government and misappropriation of Central funds coming under different welfare schemes. This was another example of quid pro quo between the Congress-led UPA at the Centre and Naveen government in the state,\" he added.\"I will soon move the high court challenging the Centre sitting over the EC's recommendation for a CBI probe into the RS elections in the state,\" he pointed out. Tripathy ruled out any possibility of Naveen favoring CBI probe in the changed scenario of his split with Pyarimohan Mohapatra. \"The chief minister is an accused in our petition. More so, once the CBI inquiry starts the chief minister knows he will also fall into it,\" he said.The controversial elections to three Rajya Sabha posts was held on June 17, 2010, in which Naveen's then-friend-now-foe, Pyarimohan Mohapatra, Sashi Bhusan Behera and Baisnamba Parida were elected. The BJD then did not have the required strength to elect the three members, yet it defeated a united opposition candidate largely due to two Congress and one BJP member remaining absent from voting. The public murmur expressing doubt over the fairness of the elections to the Upper House got a twist after over a year when audio tapes capturing purported discussions indicating involvement in pre-poll money deal of ministers, MLAs and brokers started circulating in the media. The issue, what was considered dead, got life after Tripathy took it to the Election Commission charging the latter of failing to 'superintendent, control and conduct the elections in complete free and fair manner' as mandated in Art 324 of the Constitution. A full bench of the EC heard Tripathy before accepting his complaint and giving direction to the state chief secretary to file an FIR against the \"involved persons immediately\" under IPC, Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988 and Representation of the Peoples Act, 1951. \"The Commission is of the view that immediate action is required to be taken to prosecute the offenders under the provision of law,\" the commission's August 29 2011 letter to the chief secretary stated. The commission had also asked the state government to \"vigorously\" pursue the matter and \"ensure that investigation and prosecution is conducted with all seriousness that the matter desires\".\"The state government has done nothing since then. No one knows the content of the government FIR, let alone the accused persons. The police refused my request for a copy of the FIR. The assistant commissioner of police had last taken my statement on September 24, 2011, when on the same day the chief minister came up with a public statement describing the allegations as false,\" Tripathy said.After months of silence, Tripathy's battle against horse-trading in the elections got impetus when the chief election commissioner (CEC) in the backdrop of the cancellation of the March 30 RS elections in Jharkhand in a similar situation wrote a letter to the Union government for CBI inquiry into the allegations in both the states. On Odisha, the CEC's letter said \"certain members of the Odisha Legislative Assembly were also shown on the electronic media in a sting operation as demanding huge amounts of money from some candidates for voting in their favour at the biennial elections to the Rajya Sabha held from that state in June 2010\". The CEC expressed concern over the state police \"hardly\" making any progress in the investigation. \"Having regards to the above facts and circumstances, the commission desires that the whole matter relating to the election to the Rajya Sabha be entrusted to the CBI for thorough investigation and for bringing the culprits to book so that the pristine purity of elections to the Rajya Sabha is maintained and the glory and prestige of the Upper House of Parliament known as House of elders is not tarnished by the entry of those who have secured elections by unfair means of bribery of voters,\" the letter said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14109342", "title": "Lonely no more at Vandalur zoo", "text": "CHENNAI: Bucking the trend of keeping animals in groups of twos or threes in different enclosures, the Anna Arignar Zoological Park in Vandalur plans to let several members of the same species in an enclosure. Soon, visitors will be able to view more than a dozen tigers in an enclosure, elephants and hippopotamus in other groups. This, officials believe, can help make animals less lonely and less aggressive.When an individual animal or a pair is put in an enclosure and separated from others of their clan, many, especially carnivores, can develop negative behaviour, say experts. \"Such behaviour restricts them from exhibiting their character and is not healthy,\" said zoo director and chief conservator of forests KSSVP Reddy.Grouping many animals of a species, experts say, might boost their psychological well-being and increase longevity. However, this isn't easy, they warn and point to instances where some young animals, especially lions, have killed older ones after entering their enclosure.When the trial began more than six months ago, fears that animals, after spending years living singly or in pairs, might turn against one other in a common enclosure turned true initially. Some panthers fought each other, while others (chimps) cried continuously. \"In such cases, we kept them in separate cages within an enclosure for longer periods,\" said an official.In a week, all the seven elephants, including six infants, became a group, while animals like panthers, lions and chimps took much longer to form groups. \"We are continuously monitoring them because animal behaviour is less predictable when the living pattern is modified,\" said a zoo official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "14106919", "title": "One dies as bus overturns", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: A student was killed and 20 others were injured when a bus belonging to an orphanage overturned near Hamsaladeevi village of Avanigadda mandal in Krishna district on Wednesday. All the injured were rushed to government hospitals at Avanigadda. According to information, about 40 students of SKCV Charitable Trust and Orphan Home in Vijayawada went for an excursion to Hamsaladeevi on Tuesday. While some of the students returned home the same evening, others stayed overnight.After having breakfast at the picnic spot, the students boarded the bus to return home. The bus swerved into a field channel when the driver tried to overtake a vehicle on the narrow road and overturned. Yallapragada Vijayakumar, 22, died on the spot after suffering a serious head injury. Vijayakumar had joined the orphanage in his childhood and completed his Intermediate two years ago. He was pursuing a course in law and was acting as a mentor to other children at the orphanage. Police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14111451", "title": "HC seeks MoEF reply on construction memorandum", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC has directed the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) to file an affidavit stating whether it has kept in abeyance an office memorandum which seeks to regulate construction activity including restricting height of buildings. A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Mridula Bhatkar was hearing a petition filed by Maharashtra Chamber of Housing Industry challenging the February 7, 2012 memorandum. It urged the court to quash and set aside the memorandum or pending hearing, to stay it.MCHI's counsel Janak Dwarkadas argued that according to the memorandum the building's height has to be based on the width of the road. \"Having already been stipulated in DCR in force in the city, the same could not be altered by an executive fiat issued by the ministry,\" said Dwarkadas. He also said the memorandum lays down the distance at which the nearest fire station should be located. \"These stipulations are not in accordance with the existing DCR,\" said Dwarkadas./Dwarkadas informed the court that proposals have been held up even though newsapaper reports indicate that at the instance of the chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, the MoEF has kept the memorandum in abeyance. It is in this context that the judges sought a clear statement from MoEF. Central government advocate said he will have to take instructions and inform the court.The judges have directed the affidavit to be filed within two weeks and adjourned the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "14120457", "title": "Vaishnavite flame creates record for burning bright for 484 years", "text": "JORHAT: The flame lit by Vaishnav saint Mahapurush Sri Sri Madhabdev at the historic Dhekiakhowa 'bornamghar' in 1528 set a new national record for burning continuously for 484 years.Madhabdev, the key disciple of saint-reformer Srimanta Sankardeva, lit the lamp at Dhekiakhowa village, about 15km east of Jorhat town, and it has been kept burning since then by his followers. They also built a 'namghar' around the lamp, now known as Dhekiakhowa 'bornamghar'. This is now an important hub of the Vaishnav culture.'India Book of Records' coordinator of the northeast, Abhijit Barua, on Wednesday said the lamp lit by Madhabdev, which has been burning for the past 484 years without any interruption, has been recognized as the 'lamp burning continuously for the longest duration'.\"Today, the authorities of the 'India Book of Records' announced the recognition of the lamp. The concerned authorities also sent a certificate to the Dhekiakhowa 'bornamghar' managing committee regarding the recognition,\" he said.Managing committee president Prabin Kalita said, \"We are very happy to get the recognition. We think this will help spread the light of this historic namghar flame across the globe. In 'Gurucharitra', written by the head priest of Majuli kamalabari satra about 300 years ago, this lamp and its burning without interruption is mentioned.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14120253", "title": "Govt orders 23 clinics' closure", "text": "RANCHI: Observing sharp decline in gender ratio, director in chief of the Jharkhand state health services has ordered to close down 23 clinics in the state that were found violating the Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PNDT) Act 1994.Taking preventive measures, the Jharkhand Rural Health Mission is observing \"save girl child\" awareness campaign from June 11 to 16. Under the special campaign, a team of experts is visiting different clinics wherever pre-natal diagnosis is carried out and verifying the papers to understand if the technique is used purely for medical diagnosis.The team noted discrepancies in large number of clinics and ordered closure of 23 clinics with maximum 11 of them found in Hazaribag.During the past three days of inspection, two clinics in Bokaro, Ranchi and Koderma and one each in Giridih, Khunti, Palamu, Sahebganj, Dumka and Dhanbad were found violating the act. To create awareness among the people, the health department has initiated a helpline of toll free number 18003456524 to register complaints about female foeticide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14125098", "title": "Father\u2019s Day celebrations on Bhai, Bhaiya aur Brother", "text": "It's time to celebrate father's day on SAB TV's show Bhai, Bhaiya aur Brother. Keeping with the occasion of Father's day 'Bhai, Bhaiya Aur Brother the show will see a special episode dedicated to this day.The three brothers, get nostalgic remembering all the things their father has done for their happiness and make a similar promise to their own children. But destiny will have something else in store for them as soon they will get in to a fight.Their children will get in to a fight with some neighbouring children and Bhai, Bhaiya and Brother end up facing a 150 kg and 7 ft tall 'pehelwan' father of one of the kids.The three brothers, despite knowing that they are no match for the 'pehelwan' decide to take up the challenge to live up to their promise and keep their father's tradition going.Chirag Vora, who essays the role of Rajeev, speaking about this challenge said, \"It was a herculean task shooting for this sequence. Except for Sooraj, neither of us really have a major physique and to ensure that we got the right expression and feel, we really fought with the 'pehelwan' injuring ourselves. Each time we entered the ring to shoot the action it felt as though we were going into a battle.\"Bhai, Bhaiya aur Brother will use some age old tricks taught by their father and in the end will manage a 'dhobi-pachad' to beat the ' pehelwan' and win the fight. The episode will be aired on 16 June in the one hour Father's day special episode.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104909", "title": "Keep 50% PG seats for students of other varsities: Bengal higher education council chairman", "text": "KOLKATA: Bagging a postgraduate seat by the virtue of being an alumnus of the college or university is soon going to become a thing of the past. State higher education council chairman Sugato Marjit has requested state varsities to reserve only 50% of seats for students from affiliated colleges this year. The rest will be open for admissions to candidates from other universities.It may be noted that in accordance with the Mamata Banerjee government's pledge, education minister Bratya Basu had already voiced his opinion to conduct a common entrance test (CET) for all state universities and autonomous colleges offering postgraduate courses.This is, however, a makeshift arrangement. From next year, every student will have to appear in the common entrance test to bag PG seat in any university, even one to which his/her college is affiliated.\"We will advise all university authorities through a letter on Thursday to open 50% PG seats to students from other state universities. All prospective PG candidates will then have an equal access. We want to see if the universities agree in-principle to our aim that all students have a right to compete for PG seats,\" said Marjit, adding that they have already floated the idea of a common entrance test for PG courses from next year. \"We have also requested the universities to depute two representatives for a discussion on CET. A decision will be taken only after a consensus emerges.\"If universities agree to throw open 50% PG seats, they will be given complete freedom to decide on the methods of admissions. \"They can hold interviews, conduct admission tests or select candidates on the basis of marks in their undergraduate honours courses. However, since the varsities are autonomous, they will now have to decide if they agree to our suggestion,\" Marjit said.Reasons floated by the government to introduce a common entrance test for PG seats are that it will give due priority to merit and also allow mobility of best brains to centres of excellence. At present, most state universities reserve 95% PG seats for their own graduates. This archaic system is giving rise to some practical problems as well as legal hassles, it added. For example, many students graduating from St Xavier's College (autonomous) with reasonably high marks fail to get seats in the Calcutta University because of the undeclared 95% reservation for students from its affiliated colleges.When the unofficial 'quota' was introduced, CU had justified it on the ground that its strict marking system would place its own graduates at a disadvantage while competing for PG seats. CU holds admission tests to multidisciplinary PG courses while seats for the rest are filled on the basis of graduation marks. The no-quota rule, once enforced, will also apply on unitary universities such as Jadavpur University and Presidency. Among the arguments advanced by the government in favour of a PG entrance test is that everyone should get an equal opportunity as public money is spent on creating infrastructure in the universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14123562", "title": "HC sets deadline for serial blasts trial", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has directed that trial in the serial blast case should be preferably completed within a year, while the trial court is yet to alter the charges framed against accused persons two years ago.The high court direction for speedy trial came on Wednesday while the court was passing an order on a bail application filed by one of the 71 suspects lodged in jail, Hasib Raza alias Shamimbhai Firdosraza Mohammad Saiyed. He has been accused of harbouring those who were allegedly involved in the bombings that rocked the city on July 26, 2008.According to special prosecutor J M Panchal, fifty-six persons were killed and nearly 240 persons sustained injury in 20 odd bombings in the city. A terror outfit Indian Mujahideen claimed responsibility for the terror strike minutes after the incident and termed it as the 2002 riots reprisal.Saiyed had sought regular bail in connection with the offence registered with the Shahibaug police station. His counsel argued that the FIR as well as charge sheets filed against him do not disclose any evidence involving Saiyed with the terror strike. The allegation against him of harbouring of other accused persons has come out from statements of only two witnesses.It was also contended on part of the accused that considering the maximum sentence awardable in the offence of harbouring accused persons and also considering the role attributed to him, he was required to be released on bail in view of the fact that the charge sheet was filed since long and he has been in custody since July 22, 2010.The prosecutor vehemently objected this bail plea, and after hearing the case and going through documents, justice M D Shah of the HC observed, \"looking to the papers of charge sheet, it is prima facie established that the applicant is involved in the serious offence of conspiracy and hence, individual role of each accused cannot be looked into at this stage. It has been rightly observed by the Sessions Court that bail application cannot not be decided only on basis of statements of two witnesses, but the entire papers of charge sheet should be considered.\"The HC rejected the bail plea, but issued directions to complete the trial within a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14106161", "title": "Valsaraj murder: Intel for CBI probe", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The police intelligence wing on Wednesday recommended CBI investigation into two incidents, including a murder case in Kannur district, citing its possible links with those involved in the killing of Muhammed Fazal.Additional DGP (Intelligence) T P Senkumar told the government that murder of Valsaraja Kurup, BJP leader and advocate, in Thalassery bar in 2007, and the attack on DySP K Radhakrishnan at Taliparamba in 2006, must be handed over to the CBI for further investigation.The police feel that Valsaraj was murdered as he had concrete information that CPM was behind Fazal murder. He had passed on this information to the police during that time.Senkumar said the attack on DySP Radhakrishnan was to seek revenge. He was the first investigating officer in the Fazal murder case who had fixed the responsibility on CPM. Radhakrishnan had reported this at a time when CPM was struggling to lay the blame at RSS's doorsteps. Radhakrishnan was later shifted from the charge of investigation allegedly under direct orders from the then home minister Kodiyeri Balakrishnan. Radhakrishnan was attacked by suspected CPM workers at a house in Taliparamaba in December 2006 alleging that he had gone there for immoral activities. His friend, who also sustained injuries in the attack, died a month after the incident.Intelligence wing believes that Valsaraja Kurup was compromised by a DYFI leader, who was with Kurup when he passed on details to police. Kurup was murdered by a gang after dragging him out of his house at Mahe. The role of some of the accused in the T P Chandrasekharan murder case is also suspected in the killing of Kurup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14118503", "title": "Govt's plan to connect all police stations, higher offices under CCTNS likely to get extension", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government's ambitious plan to connect all police stations and higher offices including units of law enforcement agencies under the ongoing Crime and Criminal Tracking Network &amp; Systems (CCTNS) is likely to get three years extension.Union cabinet, which is to discuss the project on Thursday afternoon, may give it an extension till March, 2015.\"The matter is on the agenda of the Cabinet today. We hope to get the extension so that it can be implemented smoothly across all states and Union Territories\", said a home ministry official. Though the project - which will enable easy sharing of real-time information across police stations, immigration offices and border check posts - was supposed to be completed by mid-2012, it could not meet the deadline due to states' inability to match the pace.Realising gross deficiency in connectivity which had led to many problems in not only tracking the criminals across the country but also in investigation, the central government had launched this project at an estimated cost of Rs 2,000 crore in 2009.According to the home ministry, the goals of the CCTNS are to facilitate collection, storage, retrieval, analysis, transfer and sharing of data and information at the police station and between the police station and the State Headquarters and the Central Police Organisations. \"The CCTNS aims at creating a comprehensive and integrated system for enhancing the efficiency and effectiveness of policing through adopting of principle of e-Governance and creation of a nationwide networking infrastructure for evolution of IT-enabled-state-of-the-art tracking system around 'Investigation of crime and detection of criminals'.Under the CCTNS Project, approximately 14,000 police stations throughout the country have been proposed to be automated beside 6000 higher offices in police hierarchy\", said the official quoting ministry's mission statement about the project. Once implemented, police stations across the country will also be able to share fingerprints and other biometric details of accused, convicted persons and fugitive through an integrated satellite-based communication system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "14124316", "title": "Kumta receives 65 mm of rainfall", "text": "MANGALORE: Monsoons has continued its good run in the coastal districts of the state with Kumta in Uttara Kannada district receiving 65 mmin the last 24 hours till 8.30 am on Thursday.K arnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre authorities said rainfall was widespread, rather heavy in Udupi district and fairly widespread, moderate to rather heavy in Dakshina Kannada district. It was scattered, moderate to heavy in Uttara Kannada, Kodagu and Chikmagalur districts.The centre said that conditions were favourable for further advance of southwest monsoon into remaining parts of central Arabian Sea and Konkan and Goa; some more parts of interior Karnataka during next 48 hours.Till 8.30 am, Belthangady received (12 mm); Mangalore (airport) 5; Mangalore 8; Sullia 14; Mulky 8.50; Bilinele 3.50; Moodabidri 12.50; Padangadi 25.50; Puttur 0.50; Uppinangady 1; Gurupur 4.5; Kadaba 0.5; Panaje 6.50; Kokkada 19; Bantwal 1.50. Rain was fairly wide spread in all the taluks of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "14110579", "title": "PIL forces collector to order removal of ads posted on central medians", "text": "COIMBATORE: On a PIL filed by Coimbatore Consumer Cause against advertisements posted on central medians, the first bench of the Madras high court recorded the statements of the District Collector M Karunagaran and disposed of the writ petition recently.K Kathirmathiyon, secretary, Coimbatore Consumer Cause, after receiving the copy of the order told TOI that the collector in his counter statement, quoting the Supreme Court order and rules, admitted the dangers of advertisements posted on central medians and instructed his officials to remove them. Such advertisements are not permitted now and even renewals are not approved. Moving forward, advertisements on central medians will not be allowed on any of the highways, he added.\"According to the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways, the Union Government's extant policy and instructions and the Indian Road Congress guidelines, no advertisement was permitted on the highways except signs of public interest,\" he said.Kathirmathiyon further said that the Union Government had repeatedly sent letters to the Chief Ministers / Chief Secretaries of all the state governments and to its own officials for removal of existing advertisements on all the national highways since such advertisements were a distraction that caused accidents.\"A few years ago some officials failed to prohibit the posting of advertisements on central medians on state and national highways. The then district collector P Umanath also failed to follow road safety norms,\" he alleged.Hence, Coimbatore Consumer Cause had filed a PIL before the Supreme Court against the State and Central Government, Kathirmathiyon said. While disposing of the writ petition, the Supreme Court in its order advised us to move the Madras High Court. Subsequently, based on the Supreme Court order we filed a PIL before the Madras High Court against the District Collector, Highways Secretary and Chief Secretary of Tamil Nadu Government, NHAI, and Ministry of Road Transport &amp; Highways, Government of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "14113590", "title": "Government Higher Secondary School Puzhathi: Spacious, but in a pitiable condition", "text": "KANNUR: From outside, the Government Higher Secondary School, Puzhathi, in the suburbs of Kannur, looks like a spacious institution with two good buildings. But once you are inside you will realize how bad the condition of the school building is.The roof of the first floor of the school building was demolished last month and its reconstruction is yet to be completed, causing a lot of tension to the teachers and students.They feel that the leakage may affect the strength of the building, posing a serious threat to children's safety.\"Owing to this work, 10 classrooms are not functional, and the actual condition of the building is very bad,\" said headmistress Jyothi K. Now classes are being taken combining two-three divisions. And since Plus One classes haven't yet started, high school students have occupied those class rooms. But once Plus One classes start, they will have to move out.\"After the roof of the first floor was demolished, most of the classes in the ground floor have been leaking, and the condition of the library is really bad,\" the HM said.\"And the school, which has more than a thousand students, has no playground as it is situated on just 72 cents of land,\" she said.When you enter the library room you will realize the gravity of the situation. All its windows are damaged, the plaster has peeled off at a few places and the roof is leaking.\"There are books worth lakhs of rupees in the library. The textbooks to be distributed among students are also in it, but nobody seems to care,\" said a teacher. \"Authorities wake up only after a disaster strikes,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14106641", "title": "Fire department meet for cell connectivity", "text": "NOIDA: With calls made to the Gautam Budh Nagar fire department being repeatedly diverted to either Delhi or Ghaziabad, a meeting has been scheduled with all leading cell network providers later this week to \"sort out the problem\".The move has been taken after a recent fire incident in Sector 27 wherein a house was gutted following a cylinder blast. While no one was injured, property worth Rs 3 crore was lost. Owners of the house reported that calls made to the fire department from their mobile phones were diverted to Delhi and Ghaziabad.The new chief fire officer, Aman Sharma, has already instructed mobile network operators to brainstorm before the scheduled meeting for possible solutions. \"Earlier, the police faced the same problem as calls made from mobile phones in Noida to the number 100 would often get connected to Delhi and Ghaziabad. They then came up with specific PCR numbers,\" Sharma said. \"We have directed the operators to come up with solutions that cause minimum inconvenience to residents, like prefixing a number or code before making calls from mobiles. But we will have to wait till the meeting to get a better idea of what can be done,\" he said.Sharma added that the fire department, district police and administration are also mulling over a single number for all emergencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107359", "title": "\u2018Contractor behind Connaught Place mess\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Connaught Place redevelopment collapsing in a mess of unfinished civic works, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Wednesday blamed the contractor Engineers India Limited for failing to meet deadlines. Dikshit said she is losing faith in the contractors and may even look for an alternative to get the work done. The CM made no mention of NDMC's role in delays and the failure of the monitoring mechanism to push things faster.Reacting to TOI reports on CP redevelopment resulting in chaos, chief minister said \"I agree people of Delhi have had to put up with the mess. It is all dug up there (CP). I have had meetings and will be holding more meetings in the days ahead to see what must be done. I am disappointed with the performance of the contractor.\"When reminded that she was one of the prime movers behind the vision of a redeveloped CP and the revamp was a project she supported with much zeal, the Delhi CM said, \"When we set out to choose people who could do the revamp we were advised that EIL was the best for the job. But they have not been able to live up to that. They have been citing a financial crunch, but still they have been repeatedly assuring speedy completion. However, deadlines are passing. Even now they say by December it will all be done. But now we are losing confidence....\"Dikshit went on to say that she has asked the officials in charge to look into the matter and if the need arises even look for an alternative. When asked whether that means EIL was being shown the door, the CM refused to make a comment, but said that certainly the whole situation will be reviewed.Choosing to empathize with the visitors to CP, Dikshit said, \"What people have had to put up with is unacceptable. The traders' associations of CP have been approaching me regularly. They tell me that there are no workers to be seen at the site. Thus, we will be reviewing the situation.\"Chief minister Sheila Dikshit has been closely monitoring the CP redevelopment since the project took off.Earlier this year, a monitoring committee was constituted with chief secretary P K Tripathi as chairman to expedite completion of the project that had been conceived to be presented as the pride of Delhi during 2010 Commonwealth Games. But delayed clearances followed by improper planning left CP in a mess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kanyakumari", "code": "14109008", "title": "Time to rein in the fishing nets", "text": "KANYAKUMARI: With the 45-day fishing ban to be implemented on the western coast from June 14, as many as 800 boats and 50,000 fishermen in Kanyakumari district will keep away from the sea and spend quality time at home. There are nearly 47 fishing hamlets falling in the western coast of Kanyakumari district where the ban will be implemented to allow the breeding of fishes.Out of 250 boats operating from Colachel harbour, more than 200 boats will sail to Munambam near Kochi for maintenance work. Boat owners prefer Kollam, Kochi or Munambam in Kerala for maintenance work as the Colachel jetty cannot accommodate many boats. With ample time to spare, these fishermen, who are mainly involved in deep sea fishing, spend time at home in leisure. For many, it is a time to arrange marriages and attend family functions. However, around 20% of the workforce still go fishing in country boats.\"As many of us do not return home for days to months on end due to deep sea fishing, for the next 45 days, I will be at home and my children are very thrilled about it,\" says Lidwin, a fisherman from Keelamanakudi. \"These 45 days are a time to attend marriages and other functions along with our families. Many marriages are fixed during this period,\" says J Dharmaraj of Colachel.The period also witnesses a lot of spiritual activities with all the services at the church gaining full participation. Many fishermen also go on pilgrimages to either Velankanni or Vadipatti in Madurai district. \"Many of us go for pilgrimages and tours in this period. We will be visiting Vadipatti near Madurai this time,\" says L Wilfred of Colachel.But for many, staying at home is the favoured option. \"We will wake up at leisure, attend service at the church and play with our grandchildren. Evenings will be spent playing card games with friends and bond with our families, a luxury we can not afford during the fishing days,\" says L Andrias from Colachel.The fishing ban period also causes the cost of fish to go up steeply. \"The demand as well as price of fishes goes up many folds as all of us are at home. But the catch by country boats during this season meets the domestic demand,\" Wilfred says.Tony Hamlet, parish priest of Iraviputhanthurai village says the ban period is a time for both joy and trouble in the coastal villages as quarrels, drunken brawls and subsequent violence is common, with many youth staying idle in the villages. \"The entire village bubbles with energy and people enjoy life to the full during this time. With most of their lives spent at sea, many restless youth tend to pick up quarrels. Hence we organise youth orientation programmes in the initial days. There will also be a lot of awareness programmes as well as sports and cultural events in the parish for the youth to spend their time. In the past two years, we have managed without any major incidents,\" Hamlet says. Police along with the parish priest and counsel of the coastal villages hold meetings to prevent any untoward incident. \"Peace meetings are held at the parish level to solve any issues or quarrels,\" a villager from Thoothur said.\"Many fishermen end up bankrupt, spending all their hard earned money on functions and marriages during the ban period,\" S Jerome of Pillaithoppu village quips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "story", "code": "14123727", "title": "Qasam Se Qasam Se", "text": "Story: Love, for Azim and Faith, means breaking all barriers, literally... as long as they are together. &#160; Movie Review: Priorities for Qasam Se Qasam Se are clearly defined:&#160; More than focusing on the nitty gritties of film making, the movie is a launch pad for Azim, son of daddy-with-the-dough, producer Nazim Rizvi. Now, Azim does deliver... for starters. But does that mean it's okay to make a film full of humourless one liners, a never ending emotional drama and a will-the-love-birds-won't-the-love-birds ever be together suspense? With so much on the platter, the movie seems to be lost in transition: Who is it catering to!Is it the youngsters? There is a student movement fighting for justice that barely seems to go beyond a few shots. Is it about reiterating the fact that love fears no one? The lovey dovey pair is out against one and all... even death. Or is it AIDS?Surprisingly, the movie begins with Professor Dilnaaz Doodhwala quizzing students on what the acronym stands for. The answers are bound to shock you. And so is the teacher (and her moves in class) -- Rakhi Sawant.So while the love birds are at it making merry, walking out of their respective homes, getting bashed up by the influential daddy and his hit men... you are actually left wondering where all this is leading to. Do you want to know? No, not after twelve odd songs scattered between College Day, Rose Day, Chocolate Day, Farewell Day... and god knows what day.Too long. Too tiring... kasam se!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "14110454", "title": "Raniganj circle officer suspended for funds bungle", "text": "ARARIA: Raniganj circle officer (CO) who was charged with siphoning off government funds earmarked for purchase of land for distribution among the Mahadalits under the block by inflating the prices exorbitantly has been placed under suspension. Raniganj CO Ram Vilash Jha was suspended at the order of the principal secretary, revenue and land reforms, dated June 11, 2012, who concurred with the report of Araria DM M Saravanan in this regard.Araria DM Saravanan, it may be mentioned, had ordered an inquiry into the alleged embezzlement in the purchase of 2.64 acres of land for distribution among 88 Mahadalits under the block. The inquiry committee had found the allegations against the CO prima facie true and well substantiated. The DM had forwarded the inquiry report with his own recommendations to the principal secretary, revenue and land reforms, on March 30, 2012.Raniganj BJP MLA Parmanand Rishideo had raised hackles over the manner in which land for the Mahadalit families were purchased at exorbitant rates and huge government funds allegedly siphoned off. One, Anil Panjiyar, had sold 2.64 acres of land to the government for Rs 17.64 lakh, though he had bought the same land for Rs 3.83 lakh from two sisters __ Sahida and Sabida __ of Rampur village only 10 days earlier.Araria DM Saravanan on Wednesday confirmed that the CO Ram Vilash Jha had been suspended and Araria CO Taiyab Alam Sahidi given additional charge. Jha's services were also returned to his parent co-operative department, the DM added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "14111733", "title": "Ex-Indian Major was staying illegally in US", "text": "WASHINGTON: An ex-Indian army officer, who killed his wife, two children and himself in their home, was illegally staying in the US and a deportation procedure was ongoing against him, federal immigration officers said on Wednesday.\"Avtar Singh was arrested by ICE Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) for unlawful presence in the US in July 2007, and subsequently placed in removal proceedings,\" Lori Haley, spokesperson of US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Western Region , California, said. \"At the time of his death, HSI was continuing to investigate his case,\" Lori said.On June 9, Singh killed himself along with his wife and two children in his home in Selma, California. His 17-year-old son, who was also shot, is critical. Singh, a 47-year-old fugitive, was wanted in the killing of prominent Kashmiri lawyer Jaleel Andrabi in India.Andrabi, 42, was allegedly detained by a unit of Rashtriya Rifles led by major Singh and his body was found floating in the Jhelum River in March 1996. The case of suspected custodial killing of Andrabi in which major Singh is a prime accused, is pending before a court in Srinagar for a decade after the high court had ordered registration of a murder case in this regard.Journalist Zahid Rafiq, wrote in an article on Wednesday in The Christian Science Monitor that he discovered Singh last year to be living in Selma, where he ran his own trucking company.\"I wanted to interview this man, who was notorious back home after a judicial inquiry accused him of murdering a prominent human rights activist,\" he wrote. About two months ago, Singh called the Selma County police to complain that the media would not leave him alone. \"I was that reporter,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14124708", "title": "Soon, stink free, clean toilets at railway stations", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian Railways have come out with a new policy to give a makeover to dilapidated and untidy toilets at stations by introducing Renovate, Operate, Maintain and Transfer (ROMT) concept.As per the policy issued by the Railway Board, the selection of the agency under ROMT of Pay and Use toilet facility will have to be done by calling the Express of Interest.A senior railway official said, \"The agency will have to use good quality ceramic flooring, besides providing at least one European style toilet, adequate exhaust fans to ensure proper air circulation for removing foul smell. It should also make arrangement for disabled friendly toilet.\"The lay out plan for renovated unit should be approved from the railways. The plan should also show disposal or sewage and sullage drains and electrical wiring and fittings.The agency will have ensure mechanical scrubbing and polishing of floor surface of the toilet, use anti-odour materials and prevent encroachment in and around the toilet premises.The official said, \"The service provider will be allowed to charge the passenger/users Rs 2 for using latrine and Rs 5 for using bathroom. However, no charge will be levied for urinals. However at 'C' category (suburban) stations, zonal railways may consider with the approval of General Manager to levy a charge of Rs 1 for urinals where maintenance of toilet is found to unviable.\"If the service provider fails to provide desired level of cleanliness, a fine ranging from Rs 500 to Rs 2000 will be levied, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111237", "title": "Seats in good colleges will be tough to come by", "text": "NAGPUR: This year's SSC result throws up more worries for students. With the results down, they will have to face tough competition for admissions to good colleges. The big contest would be for Bifocal seats in class XI, which are very few in number, roughly around 3,500, according to academicians.Only about 2% of total candidates in the state managed to cross the magic figure of 90%. In Nagpur division the situation is even worse with only 1.28% crossing the mark. About 1,822 from the city could join the elite club as compared to 3,186 last year. In case of other boards, about 30-40% managed to cross 90% mark. A large number of students - 59,358 - could score between 45% and 60%.With SSC results finally out, students have different career options at their disposal. But they have to carefully select a suitable stream as per their scorecard and interests which will set their road map for the future, academicians have advised. They may find it confusing to select a particular stream along with a suitable junior college, as many have mushroomed in the city in a big way.While most students aspire to make a career in the traditional engineering or medical fields, those who are looking for unusual career options are left with lesser options. Many students also opt for various polytechnic courses which set them towards a career in engineering.Others, especially from the economically weaker sections, prefer to pursue short-term diploma courses through various Industrial training Institutes (ITI) in the city. Some students also pursue Minimum Competency Vocational Course ( MCVC).Though the results are marginally down, academicians predicted a tough competition for securing a seat in top colleges which are expected to close above 90%. About 1,822 students have scored above 90% marks in the division, followed by 3,172 who scored between 85-90% marks and 5,055 scoring 80-85%.Even those aiming for commerce stream have to face stiff competition as the faculty is getting popular of late. Only for arts stream, there will be less or no competition. This year only science admission would be conducted through centralized admission process (CAP) as state education department has decided to leave out commerce faculty owing to more number of seats and less students.The sale of forms for CAP would begin from Thursday at various centres while the admissions to commerce and arts faculties will be conducted by the respective colleges. The polytechnic admissions would probably begin next week with sale of forms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "14106033", "title": "Rubber Board offers cash award for working model of mechanised rubber tapping knife", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Close on the heels of the Coconut Development Board's attempts to popularise coconut plucking devices, the Rubber Board is trying to develop a mechanised rubber tapping knife. The board has declared a cash award of Rs 5 lakh to those who come up with a working model of such a device.The move is aimed at improving the lot of small time rubber farmers struggling to find workers for tapping rubber. \"The board has come forward with this decision as part of its on-going efforts to bring about technological innovations in tapping and to address the shortage of skilled tappers,\" said Sheela Thomas, chairperson, Rubber Board.Rubber tapping involves strenuous manual work done with the aid of specially designed knives such as Michie Goledge or Jebong. As the age, bark thickness and other features of any given tree have to be considered, experience and personal skill of the tapper play an important role.A mechanised tapping knife that can be handled by unskilled people can make revolutionary changes in the harvesting of rubber.\"If the machine is cost effective and the farmer can operate himself without damaging the tree, it will be good,\" said rubber farmer-cum-dealer Pius Scaria Pottamkulam. Efforts are under way in many rubber producing countries to develop a mechanised device.Malaysia had developed a tapping tool in collaboration with Japan, but it was not commercially feasible and had encountered several practical difficulties.Designers should contact the director, Rubber Research Institute of India with their prototypes on or before August 21.Selected designers will have to present their models before an expert committee constituted by the board.A comprehensive evaluation of the design, assembly and list of spares of the prototypes will be done apart from relevant field trials. Board officials said the winner should be ready to work in collaboration with the board for further improvement and commercialisation of the selected device.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14117103", "title": "Thaandavam team completes 60-day shoot in London", "text": "UTV's next Tamil release Thaandavam has completed a two-month long, extensive shooting schedule in London. The film is written and directed by Vijay of Madrasapattinam and Deivathirumagal fame stars Vikram, Anushka Shetty, Jagapathi Babu, Amy Jackson, Lakshmi Rai, Nasser, Santhanam amongst others.The film's crew started its shooting in and around London in the first week of April, and shot some breathtaking scenes in various locations in UK and will be leaving for India on June 15.The team met the British press today in London. \"We are very excited the way the film has turned out so far. We braved the London weather and uninterrupted rain to complete the shoot on time and now we are all set to finish the remaining scenes in India with the entire cast \" says G Dhananjayan, Chief - South Business, Disney UTV.The post production of the film will begin once the unit returns to India and the music launch is scheduled for August. The film is slated to hit theatres worldwide in September.Thaandavam is an action entertainer in the backdrop of two countries India and United Kingdom and how an honest officer gets entangled into a conspiracy and his attempts to save the people and country's honor from the conspirators. After the highly-appreciated and commercial hit Deivathirumagal in 2011, the team of Vikram-Vijay is back with this film.The film was shot in Delhi and Chennai for four weeks before shifting to London for this extensive schedule. It was shot in most popular locations of London and the surrounding areas capturing the natural beauty and heritage of this magnificent country. The cast and crew received excellent support from the local authorities of London, which has helped completing the film as planned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14109598", "title": "World Bank, European Commission likely to help Biharin training teachers", "text": "PATNA: The World Bank (WB) and European Commission (EC) are likely to help Bihar in imparting training and education to a large army of untrained school teachers. In this regard, a three-day international conference on use of Information Communication Technology (ICT) and Open &amp; Distance Learning (ODL) in teacher education began here on Wednesday. Jointly organized by the Centre and the state government in partnership with the WB and EC, it is being attended by representatives of eight states and educationists from different countries.Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , in his inaugural address, favoured innovations in teacher education, saying they will help in improving the quality of education. Stressing on the need for training teachers, he said it has to be improved qualitatively as there could not be any compromise on quality education. \"We need a large number of teachers for 1:30 ratio of teacher and students in primary schools,\" he said.He said for training 40,000 teachers through distance mode, as per the provision of the Right to Education (RTE) Act, the state government had entered into an agreement with the IGNOU, but it was not found to be satisfactory. And, the state has no proper institutions to take up this job.\"We are looking at the WB for help and expect to reach an agreement under which the WB will provide 70% loan while the state government will provide a share of 30% of the project cost,\" said Nitish. He said local contents should be included in the training programme and teachers should also get regular guidance to deliver quality education.The CM was quite concerned over the poor attendance of children in schools across the state and said that during his Seva Yatra he reviewed performance of schools in the districts and found that the attendance was not more than 50-60% of the enrolment.\"The poor attendance is a major challenge. We are providing scholarships to a majority of students, uniform, midday meal and bicycle from Class IX, still there is a wide gap between enrolment and attendance. I have asked all the DMs to visit villages and talk to guardians why the children are not going to school,\" Nitish said.WB's operation adviser Michael Haney spoke about the innovative approaches for teachers' education and the WB engagement in Bihar. He said with the improvement in basic education, the core problems of poverty and basic amenities can be solved.Haney said Bihar has requested the WB to provide support in development of distance education curriculum, related syllabi, content, effective delivery mechanism, appropriate student support system and assessment strategies for addressing the needs of the large group of untrained teachers. He hoped the Bihar experience will form a template for developing an ICT based teacher education system that could be used as a useful reference point by other states facing similar problems.Hans van Vliet, first counsellor, development cooperation, Delegation of the European Union to India, spoke about the teacher education and said it was an emerging area of engagement for development partners. He also threw light on the EC's programme of skill upgradation for quality education and modernization of education through latest techniques.Education minister P K Shahi said a lot more needs to be done in education sector in the state. He said at least one lakh trained teachers are needed. Shahi said Bihar has earmarked about 14% of its total budgetary allocation for education.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119302", "title": "Bollywood and Dubai: A great love affair", "text": "Dubai and Bollywood have an unexplained bond, a love affair that is apparently getting steamier by the day. Be it for shows, promotions, movie premiers or shootings, Bollywood (star, starlets, filmmaker, designers, etc) never seem to tire of Dubai. The Emirati skyline and locations have become a recognizable entity in many Bollywood movies. From the nerve racking car chase in \"Race\", to a romantic song sequence of \"Dabbang\" in the desert, to talks of Hindi movie's first superstar sequel \"Krish\" being filmed in Dubai - the romance just doesn't seem to fizzle out.Dubai has been giving tough competition to other international locations for the Indian cinematography dollar. Actress Katrina Kaif asserts that Dubai with its glitz and inimitable assortment of locations and proximity to India is a great choice for Indian filmmaking industry. When the ash cloud immobilized traffic around Europe, the \"Dabbang\" crew sought resort in the sultry Dubai sand and Dubai metro to prevent any hold-ups. With Hollywood blockbusters like \"Mission Impossible\" falling on Dubai's landmarks, the Indian filmmaking industry too doesn't consider Dubai as a stopgap for other exotic locations but rather a sought-after retreat. The city offers all the required entertainment options, the possible best shopping experience, and the glamour quotient needed for the crew to make the most of their time while shooting for a film.Almost every big movie has its premier show here. You can see your favorite star up close, interact and shake hands with them and feel as if you are in Mumbai. The love affair is far from being one-sided. With a huge Indian presence and a good fan following from the local Arab community as well, the Middle East is a vital market for Bollywood, even from the audience perspective.Though not a big movie buff, I couldn't resist screaming \"Vidya, Vidya\" at the \"Dirty Picture\" star Vidya Balan when I spotted her at \"Dirty Pictures\" premier show at one of the movie theatres. My effort was gifted with a handshake from her before she was cordoned off by the bodyguards. The stars are more relaxed and interact more freely with their fans. Go to any mall on a weekend and you might catch a Jhon, Akshya, Sonakshi or Saif interacting with fans, shaking their leg a bit, and blowing a few flying kisses. You can catch just about any expatriate movie enthusiast, flaunting a picture with a Bollywood celebrity in their Facebook status.The link between Dubai and Bollywood fraternity is undeniably strong. Bollywood designers also find a healthy demand for their designs and clothline in the Middle East. Apart from flaunting their labels in up-market malls, the beautiful and posh Jumeirah Beach road is lined with Indian designer showrooms like those of Ritu Kumar and Manish Malhotra. Drop by one of the glamorous cars showroom on the Sheikh Jayad Road and you might spot someone like Zayad Khan on Ferrari hunting. Though many may not concede to his views of \"Ferrari shopping\" being the best way to bond with \"your son\", just about anyone would love to have a peek at a Ferrari. Many Bollywood stars have endorsed UAE-based products and projects too. Bollywood's love for Dubai runs deeper than mere business motives or entertainment options and extends to more lasting ones. Be it Shah Rukh Khan's lavish property or actress Sameera Reddy's house, Bollywood apparently loves Dubai enough to buy a place of dwelling here.Despite the sea of talent in India, Bollywood and cricket are still the overriding national passion. On my part, I am happy that I get a taste of my countries passion (even if it's via reel and stage life) every now and then. A few months ago Anupam Kher's one-man theatrical production, \"Kucch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai\" light up the stage at Dubai's Ductac. Anupam Kher , with an enviable score of 450 films and 100 plays under his arm, was a delight to watch as he took the audience through the troughs in his life that made him the man he is. The Bollywood (and Hollywood too) presence in the region brings in the little more of Indianness that expatriate Indians crave for.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14109863", "title": "Institute for empowerment of women to begin in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Aiming to empower rural women, Sanjeevan Society in Ponda has announced the launch of the Institute for Women Empowerment.Asha Sawardekar of Sanjeevan Society said the goal of starting the institute was to provide quality education to rural girls particularly after class X.The syllabus for the diploma course will be compiled by the Goa college of home science, said Rajal Shinkre, principal of the college.The one-year diploma course in 'Home Science and Life Skill Development' will be open to all girl students who have passed class X as well as older women seeking to continue their education. The course will impart students with the knowledge and skills required to ensure the physical and social wellbeing of their family and secure a respectable job or self-employment. The students will be exposed to modern technology and practical training.The course is financially supported by CherYsh, a charitable trust. Cheryl Rebello, a member of the trust said the trust agreed to fund the course as it fits in with their goal of women's empowerment. Admissions to the course will begin on July 1 with classes commencing from July 23. Initially 30 seats will be made available although 50 students can be accommodated. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "14111788", "title": "Child welfare officers to get cellphones", "text": "GURGAON: The women and child development department of Gurgaon is up for an overhaul with the state's approval of the plan to allocate mobile phones to all circle officers. According to Gurgaon's nodal officer, a six-member inspection team has also been formed to verify 12 NGOs and residential homes listed by the district administration.The department is going to set up an inspection team to keep a check on the 14 listed NGOs and residential homes in Gurgaon. \"I have deputed six officials to verify that the 12 child welfare NGOs, and two women's homes are following the norms. Most of the work here is done and we will soon be writing up to those who are not complying with the norms,\" said Sunaina, Gurgaon's nodal officer for the %department.The state has approved Rs 28 lakh for the cellphones which, say officials, will be allocated by the end of this month. Each phone would be credited with Rs 300 worth of talktime every month. \"All the circle supervisors are to be given cellphones under this plan, so that they can get in touch with the seniors at short notice,\" said Sumita Misra, director general, Women and Child Development, Haryana. The circle supervisors of the women and child development %department are responsible for monitoring the Annganwadi centres of the state, about 1,050 of which are situated in Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "film ", "code": "14118633", "title": "Bachelor Party", "text": "Film : Bachelor Party Cast : Indrajith, Asif Ali, Rahman, Kalabhavan Mani, Nithya Menen, Vinayakan and Prithviraj Director : Amal NeeradScript : Unni R, Santhosh EchikkanamCamera : Amal NeeradMusic : Rahul RajRelease date : Jun 15Genre : Action/ DramaBanner : Amal Neerad ProductionsSynopsis : Did you know Cinematographer turned director Amal Neerad has earlier made three films. Big B , Sagar Alias Jacky Reloaded and Anwar , which were known for its technical brilliance.The first reaction to the announcement of Bachelor Party was that it was inspired from The Hangover. Amal smiles at the suggestion and refuses to comment on that.According to the director, this one is a travelogue of friendship. A gang is on a journey and the story is happening in a span of three days.Source: 2dmovie.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108693", "title": "Dengue under control in state, say officials", "text": "CHENNAI: A review meeting on dengue convened by health minister V S Vijay on Wednesday decided to intensify preventive measures to control the spread of the disese, especially in the southern districts.Official figures say 36 of the 2,566 people affected by the disease in the state had died. The meeting claimed that the deaths occurred only because the patients got hospitalized in the last stages.An official release after the meeting said the disease had been brought under control due to the effective measures taken up on a war footing by the health department. Recently, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had announced 2.5 crore to fight dengue.The meeting also discussed measures to be undertaken in Chennai with regard to the H1N1 virus which has killed six people so far. The minister said separate wards for patients infected with the virus had been set up in all government hospitals. It was ensured that all district headquarters hospital had adequate stock of oseltamivir and the swine flu vaccine.The minister instructed hospitals to open 24-hour information centres to give patients updates on the disease. The virus saw close to 100 people testing positive this year from February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108546", "title": "Mayor, municipal chief face Cidco corporators' ire over water, sanitation", "text": "NASHIK: Mayor Yatin Wagh and municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare faced the wrath of corporators during their visit to Cidco on Wednesday over water and sanitation issues.The corporators vented their fury against the administration during the visit, that had itself come after a long gap of five months. The issues raised were lack of clean water supply, blocked drainages, the mosquito-menace and the untimeliness of ghantagadis. Wagh and Khandare promised the corporators of doing their best to ensure cleanliness in all wards.The corporators took the administration to task saying pre-monsoon works have still not been carried out despite the monsoon already setting in. \"The monsoon season has been marked in the calendar and has definite times of arrival. But it is surprising that the administration did not realize that the pre-monsoon work had to be finished by this time,\" Anil Matale, an MNS corporator said.At the same time corporators Ashwini Boraste ( Congress), Suvarna Matale (MNS), Tanaji Jaibhave (CPM), Laxman Jaibhave (Congress) and Sudhakar Badgujar (Shiv Sena) also raised various issues related to drinking water supply and the ghantagadi issues. \"It is the officers who have to look at the issues of citizens, but unfortunately the corporators have to rush from pillar to post to at least ensure daily activities are carried out in a routine and timely manner,\" Jaibhave said.Summing up meeting discussions the mayor said that there could be no excuse for the administration for not having done work that directly relates to the well being of citizens.\"Officers and employees cannot run away from their duties. They have to carry their duties and the commissioner should take action against those who are not doing so,\" Wagh said.The mayor also pulled up Vaishali Patil, an officer handling pest control, for not having delivered on her tasks and instead saying that she would face action if things deteriorated. Wagh also suggested that the commissioner prepare a proposal for the purchase of new vaccum emptiers for the sewage department and tractors for the gardens department.Khandare also assured that all the issues raised especially related to sanitation things would be taken care off soon and all processes related to daily tasks for the civic maintenance of citizens would be streamlined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "14108490", "title": "Nashik mayor slams civic body on Godavari cleaning, pre-monsoon works", "text": "NASHIK: While the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has failed to initiate pre-monsoon works to prepare the city to face the monsoon, Mayor Yatin Wagh has blamed the civic administration for being inactive in executing civic tasks.Commenting on the shortage of staff and the priorities set by the administration, Wagh said that the officials had failed to draft a plan to clean the Godavari of water hyacinth and undertake other pre-monsoon works.The Mayor said that NMC was already short of 1,045 employees and the staff crunch was making matters difficult. Despite this, he re-iterated that the administration should have had some kind of a plan.He did bring up the issue that while pre-monsoon work is usually given on a `contract basis, the implementation of a code-of-conduct for the teachers' constituency MLC polls had prevented the administration from issuing contracts which further delayed pre-monsoon preparedness tasks.Incidentally, despite a decision reached in the meeting between district guardian minister Chhagan Bhujbal , NMC and the collectorate that the water hyacinths be left alone till they were swept away and blocked at Saikheda where they would be removed and processed, NMC standing committee chairman Uddhav Nimse ordered the administration to start the work of removing the water hyacinths from the river.Today , ten days after the work was begun, it has been stopped, said corporator Tanaji Jaibhave.\"Though the pre-monsoon works are carried out on contract basis,some basic work could have been done and the administration could have managed its staff better,\" Jaibhave said.Wagh said that the pre-monsoon work suffered because of the inability to ink a contracts due to the election code of conduct.\"But the work on cleaning out water hyacinths was carried out by NMC employees. The administration should have managed the manpower,\" Wagh said.The mayor added that P Velrasu, the former officiating civic chief was reluctant to take decisions because he was not the full-fledged civic commissioner, the price for which was being paid by suffering citizens today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14108793", "title": "Frequent power cuts let burglars strike at will", "text": "CHENNAI: Probably the only people cheering the frequent electricity outages in the state are burglars who are making the most of blackouts to loot houses in the city and districts.After burglars used power cuts to sneak into houses in the city and decamp with valuables while the residents were asleep on the terrace, a gang struck at two houses on a street in Kandan Kollai near Tiruvallur, 45km from Chennai, late Tuesday night.The thefts at Sevvapet came to light on Wednesday morning when members of the two households awoke to discover that burglars had broken open their cupboards and made away with at least 17 sovereigns of gold jewellery, other valuables and even silk sarees.\"Following a power cut on Tuesday night, K Murthy, 55, and Madhavan, 42, and their families decided to sleep on their terraces after locking the front doors of their houses,\" a police officer said. Murthy and Madhavan live on the same street in Friends Nagar in Kandan Kollai near Tiruvallur.Police believe that one gang of burglars was responsible for both thefts. The culprits decamped with 7 sovereigns of gold jewellery and some silver ornaments from Madhavan's house and 10 sovereigns of gold jewellery, 38,000 and some silk sarees from Murthy's house.Based on complaints from Madhavan and Murthy, Sevvapet police registered a case and started an investigation.There is usually a spate of thefts in the city during hot summer months, when people leave their doors and windows open for ventilation. \"When they lock their doors, the burglars cut or bend window bars or breaking open doors to gain entry,\" a police officer said.Two burglaries were reported in the city on Tuesday, in which thieves used open windows to steal cash. Burglars stole 55,000 by using a stick to take the bag containing the cash through an open window of a house in Velachery. Nagamani reported the loss to the police on Wednesday.In Virugambakkam, a burglar used the same trick to steal a bag containing 7,000 and an unspecified amount in US dollars on Tuesday night.Police officers say gangs usually strike at one or more houses in a residential area on the same night after staking out the area for a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119723", "title": "Courteney and ex David planning 'smooth divorce'", "text": "Courteney Cox and David Arquette are keen to end their marriage without the need of lawyers and have planned to represent themselves as they make moves to divorce.Arquette filed papers in Los Angeles on 8th June and Cox responded, Contactmusic reported.According to TMZ, the estranged couple refused to hire a lawyer to help them fill out the legal paperwork and both state they are being represented by \"self\".Sources have revealed that there was no pre-nuptial agreement and the former couple has agreed to split the money earned during the 12 years the actors were together in half.Both the actors are asking for joint physical and legal custody of their eight-year-old daughter, Coco, and the actress wants her name legally restored to Courteney Cox .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123923", "title": "Priyanka gives Ram Charan's wedding a miss", "text": "Priyanka Chopra , Ram Charan's Teja's co-star in Zanjeer did not attend the wedding. It was being said that Priyanka would make it to the wedding not only to maintain an amicable relationship with Ram, but also to mend her ties with Salman Khan .But the pretty lass seems to have put an end to all the endless speculation by wishing the newly-wed couples on Twitter. Priyanka wrote on her Twitter page, \"Here's wishing a very happy married life to my Zanjeer co actor Ram Charan and his beautiful better half Upasana!wish I cud have been there!\"While Shah Rukh Khan's attendance is still not known, megastar Amitabh Bachchan had confirmed his attendance as he tweeted: \"Hyderabad! To attend wedding of dear friend Chiranjeevi's son Ram Charan .. back evening ..Ram playing my role in remake of Zanjeer .\"Although mobile jammers have been in place at the wedding venue for security reasons to prevent people from posting pictures and videos of the wedding online, there are already several pictures and videos doing the rounds on the internet.Ram Charan who was away from the Twitter world for quite some time as he got busy with the wedding arrangements posted a surprise tweet with, \"Will be entering into a new live in couple of hours. really excited and need all ur blessings. Love u all.\" Here's wishing Ram Charan and his wife Upasana Kamineni a very happy married life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14124167", "title": "Microsoft to offer Partners in Learning programme to Assam school teachers", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU) with Microsoft Corporation India (Pvt) Limited to expedite Information and Communications Technology (ICT) adoption in schools.The year-long alliance will support Assam's School Education System to use ICT towards improving the quality of learning in schools by recreating more interactive classroom experiences, official sources said here today.The agreement was signed by 'Assam Sarba Siksha Abhijan' Mission Director L S Changsan for state government and Ranbir Singh, Country Head, Government Engagements, Microsoft Corporation India (Pvt) Ltd, in presence of state Education and Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma last night.The agreement will focus on professional development for 5,760 school teachers in the state and equip them with skills required for integrating IT in classroom teaching to trigger better learning outcomes for the students under Microsoft's Partners in Learning (PiL) programme through training sessions held at six state-run DIETS (District Institute for Education and Training).PiL, introduced in 2008, is a global Microsoft programme that helps in providing teachers with tools aimed at enhancing their IT skills and the integration of ICT into teaching and learning in a meaningful way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14118028", "title": "BSC III results declared", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad University declared the BSc III result on Wednesday. Around 28 % students have cleared the exam in first division.AU Controller of Examination Prof HS Upadhayay said out of 788 candidates who were registered for the exam, 226 got 1st division, 394 candidates got 2nd division while 39 got 3rd division. He added that 100 students will have to appear in the second examination while 17 students have failed. One student was caught using unfair means and the result of six students are not ready. Five candidates did not appear in the exam.Prof Upadhayay said the pass out percentage of students this year is 86%. He said students can collect the marksheets after June 16. The detailed result is also available on http://www.allduniv.ac.in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "14106832", "title": "FIR filed against Maya aides in Rs 1,000cr scam", "text": "NOIDA: The former chief engineer of Noida Authority and one of Mayawati's close aides, Yadav Singh, and project engineer Ramendra are the latest victims to fall to the inquiries and investigations initiated by the new administration in Uttar Pradesh against the erstwhile BSP government.After a departmental inquiry revealed that Yadav Singh, Ramendra and their aides sanctioned work worth Rs 1,000 crore in just eight days, blatantly flouting tender norms and ignoring warnings, Noida Authority not just suspended the two but also filed an FIR against them on Wednesday. Two contracting agencies, Tirupati Constructions and JSP constructions, have also been booked in the case lodged at Sector 39 police station.Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, said Singh and Ramendra violated all tender procedures and indiscriminately awarded work while projecting \"gravely inflated costs for all these projects.\"Saran said that the Authority had constituted a special team comprising the current chief project engineer, Rajeev Yadav, chief maintenance engineer, Hom Singh Yadav, and chief maintenance engineer (civil), A K Goel to conduct an inquiry against all such irregularities. The inquiry report revealed that between December 14 and 23, 2011, Singh and Ramendra awarded civic works worth Rs 954.38 crore. \"Normally, the Authority spends around Rs 2,000 crore on such work in an entire financial year,\" Saran said.The report further reveals that in many cases Singh and Ramendra \"blatantly ignored warnings and disapprovals\" of consultant agencies and instead sanctioned several disapproved proposals.\"The inquiry report reveals that in the case of shifting overhead cables underground on Udyog Marg, Yadav Singh and Ramendra ignored suggestions of Rites and IIT-Delhi and instead awarded the shifting work at highly inflated costs without a fair tender process,\" reads the official statement issued by Noida Authority.\"Besides, the accused had sent the details of the proposal to Rites for approval only after 60% work was already complete,\" reads the statement. \"Several other details of breach of trust and flouting of norms on part of these two officials have come to fore. Their actions have caused a great loss to the public exchequer and, hence, we have lodged an FIR against them,\" Saran said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "14120119", "title": "Two students drown in Damodar river in Ranchi", "text": "BOKARO: Two Class-XII students of Sree Ayyappa Public School drowned to death in the Damodar river at Telmocho on Wednesday. The two along with four friends went for shopping to Dhanbad and while returning descended in the Damoder river to take bath.The deceased have been identified as Prince and Ankit Kumar. Prince is a resident of Sector-VI while Ankit, hails from Jehanabad district of Bihar. They reside here at a hostel at Sector-V. The other four who escaped death, includes Anupum Kumar, Vikas Kumar, Ritesh and Adarsh. Of the four, Vikas and Ritesh are residents of the city while the other two are outstation students, said Surrender Kumar, officer incharge (OC) of Sector-VI Police Station.Director of Ayyappa Public School, Venugopal and principal Lata Mohanan, who rushed to Bokaro General Hospital (BGH) soon after the incident, said death of the students was very unfortunate. \"They are good students. We are shocked,\" said Mohanan. Ayyappa is one the prominent schools of the town and is at present closed for summer vacation.Narrating the incident, Adarsh said that in the morning Prince arrived in a Santro car and they went to Big Bazaar at Dhanbad for shopping. After spending time there, they where returning to Bokaro, when they stopped at Telmochu bridge to take a bath in the river. It was Prince who first entered into water as his slippers fell inside. To get it back he stepped forward but unfortunately slipped into deep waters. Seeing him raising alarm, Ankit and Vikas ran for help but both of them lost control and slipped into deep waters.However, they could pull out Vikas but Ankit and Prince drowned. \"We raised an alarm following which few local residents came to the spot and jumped in water to save them. But by then it was too late and they came out with bodies of Prince and Ankit. The incident occurred at around 2 pm,\" said Adarsh. A case of unnatural death has been lodged in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111169", "title": "Lively boy doesn't survive to enjoy his success", "text": "NAGPUR: June 13 was a day when parents of SSC students across Maharashtra brimmed with happiness and pride at the success of their children. But the Kamble family was solemn and grieving.Rushabh Kamble, who had appeared for the SSC exam, couldn't live to see the day when his results were declared and he cleared the exam with a creditable 76.20% marks. He passed away on May 23 due to jaundice, a mere 21 days before the Std X results were declared.\"My son and I were very close. Had he been here today, the house would not have been deserted like this. All his friends and family would have been celebrating his result,\" said his mother Anita Kamble.Rushabh scored well in spite having medical problems throughout the year due to which he couldn't attend school and tuitions regularly. \"He had a wound on his leg which wasn't getting cured. There was pus formation and due to this he had to leave his tuition classes,\" she said.Rushabh then covered up his loss in studies through self study and help from his friends and neighbours. His hard work was evident from the fact that he failed in maths in his prelims but then managed to score 104 in the boards.\"We even suggested that he not give the exam this year, but he did not listen, and said he will manage. He did, but now he is not with us,\" said Anita.\"He was a fun person to be around. But along with this he was very respectful towards elders and a very responsible son. Whenever there was any function in the house, he would be at the forefront in the preparations,\" said Runali, Kamble, Rushabh's cousin.Though Rushabh had been suffering from a severe wound throughout the year, his end was unexpected. On May 19 he suddenly started running fever and when taken to a nearby hospital.\"We then took him to GMC where after blood test jaundice was diagnosed. Later on we shifted him to Centre Point Hospital where he was put on ventilator and where finally he breathed his last. It was the first time my son got admitted, and he never came back,\" she said.She also said that Rushabh wanted to become a collector. It was her dream that he becomes one, but now, both of their dream will remain unfulfilled. \"I just hope that such a fate never befalls on any other parent,\" said Anita, wiping her eyes by the edge of her saree.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "14117928", "title": "District administration to plant more than 12 lakh saplings", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To restore the depleting green cover, district authorities have planned a major plantation drive. More than 12 lakh saplings will be planted on 1,921 hectares in the district between July and September.District magistrate Anil Kumar has roped in several departments in the plantation drive.As per departments' target allotment of plant saplings, forest department will plant highest 10.56 lakh saplings while rural development department will plant 1.17 lakh saplings.Targets for other departments are: power (1,950 saplings), industry (14,300), ADA (23,400), irrigation (13,650), PWD (9,100), cooperative (1,300), soil and water resources (5,850), higher education (2,600), Madhyamik Shiksha (1,300) and basic education (1,300).District development officer RC Pandey said, \"We have been stressing more on sapling plantation and apart from government department, people have been encouraged to grow/plant saplings to make the environment greener and cleaner.\"Pandey added that administration will also spread awareness on the advantages of planting saplings. Vacant or underutilized plots belonging to the said departments will be used for the plantation drive.Authorities have already identified areas in the district for the plantation drive. The drive will also be carried along the roads and in the existing green belts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "14108927", "title": "Gandhi Market traders give Coutinho the boot", "text": "MARGAO: Vice-chairperson of the MMC and the chairperson of its standing committee on markets Pratima Coutinho was booed and jeered by the traders of the Gandhi market, while fruit and vegetable vendors menacingly advanced towards her, when Coutinho had gone there to inspect the conditions prevailing in the market Wednesday morning.Upon noticing encroachments in the passages, Coutinho asked the traders to clear the passages of their wares. The traders refused to oblige, claiming to be supporters of former minister Manohar 'Babu' Azgaonkar. Within minutes, Azgaonkar reached the site and arguments ensued between Coutinho and Azgaokar. However, Azgaonkar failed to convince Coutinho, who called the market inspectors and instructed them to seize the goods kept in the passages and clear the encroachments. Angered over this, fruit and vegetable vendors rushed towards Coutinho and badmouthed her. Azgaonkar then pacified the crowd and Coutinho retreated. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14113096", "title": "Doctors to strike on Jan 25 against new norms for hospitals, clinics", "text": "NAGPUR: Indian Medical Association (IMA) has given a call for a one-day token strike on June 25 against allegedly anti-doctor and anti-patient government policies. In case the government takes no action, IMA has threatened intensification of agitation and even hunger strike. In Nagpur, except for attending emergency cases, all private doctors will keep their establishments, nursing homes and hospitals closed through the day.Maharashtra state IMA president Milind Naik told reporters they had two specific issues with Central government. One, passing of Clinical Establishment Act (CEA) 2010 without any discussion and involvement of doctors representatives or associations. Second, starting of three-year course called Bachelor of Rural Health Care (BRHC) to serve rural population. He also opposed dissolution of Medical Council of India (MCI). \"Does the government dissolve a ministry if a minister is found involved in corruption? Why do this with MCI? We want a democratic MCI back,\" he said.The city IMA president Dr Harish Chandak stated that on June 25 all doctors will gather at IMA office and take a march to divisional commissioner's office where they would hand over a memorandum of demands. Street plays depicting the effect of these new policies on patients would also be organized during the rally and at IMA.Dr Ashok Adhao, former national president of IMA and state coordinator for the strike, pointed out the lacuna in the CEA and BRHC and explained their ill effects. He said that the Act should be applied to only those who starting new nursing homes and hospitals. Old units cannot expand in the existing system as per the rules laid down in the new Act.IMA, however, welcomed the rule of five years service in rural areas by doctors after their internship but wanted that it should apply to only those studying in government colleges. The association, in return, expects that all doctors in rural hospitals should be paid good salary and provided with basic amenities like good living quarters, drinking water etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107420", "title": "Eastern e-way project set to take off", "text": "NEW DELHI: After a prolonged delay, the Eastern Peripheral Expressway (EPE) project, which will connect NH-1, NH-2 and NH-24 and would divert heavy traffic from the national capital's roads, is all set to see the light of the day.The highways ministry has directed NHAI to start the process to award the 135-km project as a normal National Highway (NH) and not a bypass.Consequently, the toll charges on this stretch would be on a par with other NHs. The ministry issued directions after the finance ministry put all controversies to rest over toll charges applicable on EPE, which will connect Kundli, Ghaziabad and Palwal.Earlier, the Planning Commission and highways ministry had pushed for treating it as a bypass. Had that been the case, the toll charges would have been one-and-a-half times' more than normal charges.Sources said that the finance ministry had cited the example of Kona Expressway that joins NH-2 and NH-6, but doesn't Kolkata, while buttressing its argument that EPE should be categorized as a bypass.\"That's also an expressway and we have a few other expressways in the country. Since we have no separate toll policy for expressways, the toll charges are normal. EPE cannot be an exception. It would have been incorrect legally, politically and economically to allow higher toll,\" said a source in the finance ministry.The four-year-long controversy over the toll charges has pushed up the project cost by Rs 300 crore to Rs 2,699 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14108935", "title": "Engineering paper leak: Students to take re-exam today", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 21,000 first year second semester engineering students will appear for the Applied Mathematics-II re-exam on Thursday. This will be the first re-exam after the university confirmed the leaks in three engineering papers.The re-exam will be held at the same exam centres at the same time the paper was scheduled earlier. The details of the exam scheduled are uploaded on the university's website. A university official said, \"The university has not printed any question paper. The question papers will either be uploaded on the web link created by the university and/or will also be sent via email and/or CD.\"Applied Mathematics paper, which was scheduled on May 18, was leaked; the university had denied the leak then. The crime branch, while probing paper leak in two other subjects, got details of a leak even in the mathematics papers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "14122546", "title": "World of difference for alumni", "text": "LUDHIANA: Memories are what old students of the Lyallpur-based College of Agriculture and Research have been left with.Caught in the Partition, the college split and gave birth to what is now Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) in Ludhiana and University of Agriculture Faisalabad (UAF) in Faisalabad. Students who boast of studying in the parent institute before 1947 say there is a world of a difference between their college and PAU.\"I did BSc from Lyallpur. After Partition some of my classmates stayed back and some came to India. I find a lot of differences between PAU in Ludhiana and the Lyallpur campus. Many things have changed, right from classrooms and labs to eligibility criteria, research work, students and teachers,\" says G S Kalkut, who graduated in 1947. Kalkut adds yet, there is a strong bond with UAF.Alumni from both PAU visit UAF visit each other regularly and enjoy programmes like \"Swagati Nazam\" (poetry) apart from academic discussions and exchange of ideas. Dr D S Cheema, president of alumni association and dean of College of Agriculture, PAU, says, \"We have a very strong alumni association that includes even those who graduated before 1947.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14120511", "title": "Architecture meets art", "text": "When a professional architect uses his technical skills to create works of art, you get to see a different perspective in the canvas, writes Debarati S Sen.There are some people who are born artists, some who study art to become artists and then there are some rare, lucky people who have a profession that takes them very close to their love \u2014 art. Pramod Pendse is one such person \u2014 a professional architect, who has the soul of an artist. For the past 35 years, he has passionately embraced his vocation and excelled in it. But now he is all set to follow his heart. His first solo art exhibition titled On the Threshold is all about his years of experience, his travels and inherent artistry.Talking about how architecture helps Pramod in his art he says, \"Some of the designing projects we executed over the years were historical, theme-based ones and necessitated extensive travel all over India and abroad to help me study relevant heritage sites, palaces, temples and museums, which were in sync with my chosen theme. This gave me an in-depth and intensive exposure to the treasure-trove of cultural richness of our country.\"His show, he says is a respectful salute to the unsung heroes \u2014 the forgotten and unrecognized master craftsmen, who with their magical touch infused life into inanimate rocks and timber. \"My work captures and accentuates glimpses of doorways, windows, balconies facades of buildings and stone carved temple walls, which are adorned with intricate, floral and figurative motifs and patterns, and reflect the richness of our cultural heritage,\" he says.Watercolour has always been his favorite medium of painting and along with that he uses his architectural tools of pen and ink. Pramod's line drawings give his paintings accurate proportions, and beautiful minute details that makes each work come alive. On the threshold is a very significant and apt title for his first solo exhibition. He says, \"I am at a threshold, eager and poised to cross over from an architect, to an artist.\"Pramod Pendse's works can be viewed at Jehangir Art Gallery, Kala Ghoda till June 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14109398", "title": "Prepaid auto fares at Central Station revised", "text": "CHENNAI: Railway police have streamlined the pre-paid auto system at Chennai Central railway station after several passengers complained that auto drivers were demanding more money that the fare printed in the prepaid slip.Fares to around 15 places were revised and police personnel have started to monitor issuing of prepaid slips to passengers at the counter, said deputy inspector general R Dhinakaran in a statement.\"Registration number of the vehicle will also be mentioned along with fare in the prepaid slip issued to passengers from prepaid auto counter at Central. This system is being introduced to trace auto drivers if passengers have any complaints after a trip,\" said deputy superintendent of police V Ponramu.\"To remove this anomaly, we have told the counter staff to print vehicle number also in the prepaid slip. This will cause some delay but it is going to be useful for passengers,\" said a police official.Revised fares to some of the locations are Rs 147 for Adyar, Rs 172 for Anna Nagar West, Rs 165 for Ashok Nagar, Rs 165 for Besant Nagar, Rs 264 for Golden Beach, Rs 129 for ICF, Rs 65 for Ice House, Rs 156 for Kotturpuram, Rs 237 for Neelangarai, Rs 102 for Loyola college, and Rs 147 for West Mambalam.Auto drivers often had a grouse that prepaid fares for long distance routes were too low. The revision sets this right. \"We charge a little more than the fixed amount because of traffic diversions due to metro rail work. The police now help passengers board the vehicle, said G Arumugam, president, Chennai Central Railway Station Auto Drivers and Commuters Welfare Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107151", "title": "Firm's ex-staffer held for Rs 60L scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A former employee of a private company was arrested on Wednesday by the city crime branch in connection with Rs 60 lakh fraud.The fraud was committed in the Usmanpura office of Krishna Coil Cutters Private Limited. On June 1, chief accountant of the company, Ajay Vora, received an SMS from the Bank of Baroda intimating him about transfer of Rs 60 lakh from the company's account.Vora intimated his manager Vivek Gupta about this. Gupta told Vora that he had not issued any such cheque. The company officials then enquired with the bank on the transfer. According to bank officials, the money was transferred to the account of Johnson Jewellers of CG Road.First the company intimated the bank to stop payment of cheque and then contacted the jewellery shop. The shop owner told the company officials that a person who introduced himself as Gupta had called up to buy 2kg of gold. After initial talk over telephone, a person representing Gupta came to the shop with a cheque of Rs 60 lakh and asked for the gold to be handed over immediately.However, the shop owner told him that such transactions, just on the basis of a cheque, are not possible and that the money would have to be first transferred to the shop's account before the gold can be handed over. The customer returned to the shop a little later with a bank receipt showing that the money had been transferred to the shop owner's account.However, the shop owner got a little suspicious since the customer was very young. He then asked for his PAN card, as in any large financial transaction this is a prerequisite. The customer reasoned that his office was closed that day and he would submit the PAN card the following day.Coincidentally, before the transaction could proceed any further, an SMS from the bank reached the company's accountant and the cheque payment was stalled.Accused's modus operandi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "14113128", "title": "Lightning kills three in Vidarbha region", "text": "AKOLA: Cyclonic storms, lightning and a heavy downpour have so far claimed three lives in the western part of Vidarbha region on Tuesday.In the first case, Shantaram Parmodar (55) of village Kherda Khurd in Jalgaon taluka of bordering Buldana district died after tin sheets fell on him due to strong winds. Parmodar was at his under-construction house under the Indira Aawa scheme when tragedy struck.In another incident at Musalwadi Shivar in Malegaon Taluka of the adjoining Washim district, a 15-year-old boy was struck by lightning. Gajanan Dakhore died on the spot.In Buldhana district, 14-year-old Usha Jadhav, a resident of Wadali in Sillod Taluka of Aurangabad district, also died due to lightning.Lightning also struck animals. Twelve goats died on the spot at Village Hatla, nearly 8 km from Akola. The shepherd escaped unhurt.Traffic was disrupted on the Akola-Akot Road as several trees were uprooted due to strong winds and heavy rainfall.As many low-lying areas were submerged in knee-high water, many families were shifted to safer places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14107051", "title": "40 acres of Harike freed, structures demolished", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a major exercise to remove encroachments from Harike wildlife sanctuary, about 40 acres of land was freed from land grabbers, permanent structures demolished and an illegal barbed wire fencing removed on Wednesday. The encroachments were located in the sensitive confluence area of the sanctuary where Beas and Satluj rivers meet and play host to thousands of Greylag geese, Eurasian spoonbills, pied avocets and other migratory birds every winter.Nearly 1,000 acres of the 86 sq km Harike sanctuary, falling in the revenue districts of Ferozepur, Tarn Taran and Kapurthala, have been encroached upon and precious habitat of endangered migratory and resident bird species threatened, sources said. Since only two police personnel were available with the sanctuary's wildlife staff to carry out anti-enroachment drive on Wednesday, 15 more cops were requisitioned from nearby Makhu police station and deployed at the sanctuary's entry point to prevent mobs from opposing the demolition squads, they added.DFO (wildlife) at Harike, Sanjiv Tiwari, told TOI that encroachers whose structures have been demolished were identified as Baljinder Singh Sandhu and Jaspal Singh of Talwandi Nepala village in Ferozepur district and Surinder Singh of Ferozepur. The total area vacated was 40 acres.Tiwari said that revenue authorities of the three districts had not made entries in respect of the sanctuary's territory in girdwari and khasra records. Only Ferozepur district has started the process of entering details of the sanctuary's territory into records and even that is not fully complete. I have written many reminders to the revenue authorities. Tarn Taran and Kapurthala districts are yet to start the process of revenue record rectifications,'' Tiwari told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14109962", "title": "Power cuts give tough time to city", "text": "LUCKNOW: Unscheduled power cuts are giving tough time to residents in the city, as supply remains snapped for hours, sometimes even twice during evening and night time. Frequent power cuts and low voltage have added to the woes of the city that is boiling at temperature more than 40 degree Celsius for the past few days. Areas like Chowk, Indiranagar, Aminabad, Kursi Road, and Aashiyana are some of the worst affected localities with frequent power cuts for minimum of 5 hours a day.The hapless residents of Indiranagar have been living without power supply for the past 15 hours. Satish Kumar , a retired officer said, \"There is no electricity since last night. And till now we haven't received the power supply yet. This problem is persistent for the past week. After complaining several times to our local power house, nothing has been done.Ranjit Chakravarty, a retired government officer who lives in Adil Nagar, Sitapur Road said, \"We get electricity for just 8 to 10 hours in a day. The power cuts are long and it gets very difficult for us to bear the hot weather. When there is electricity, the voltage is very low, and air-conditioners and coolers do not work.\"In Chowk area there are daily power cuts. \"In our area there is a minimum of four hours of power cut. Two days back there was no electricity for the entire night. Even the inverters also failed to provide power after six hours. We had no option, but to sleep on the terrace. Here the transformers installed are very old and cannot take much load,\" said Nitika Rastogi, an engineering student from Chowk.Sarita Singh, a housewife and a resident of Aashiyana said, \"The supply of electricity is very less and power cuts are a daily affair nowadays. At times there is no electricity for more than 15 hours. Our expenses have also increased since inverters fail to last for long hours. Whenever we complain, the power supply is improved only for couple of days and thereafter the condition reverts back to the original shape.\"Similar is the scenario in the market area of Aminabad. \"We face frequent power cuts in this area. Due to constant power fluctuations even air-conditioners and coolers do not work. Power cuts happen daily in the day time for two hours minimum,\" said Ruby Sarkar, a housewife. Residents of Narahi area have complained that since the past two days, power cuts have become more frequent and the duration has also increased. \"For the past two days, power cuts are happening at night especially after 12.00 am. It becomes unbearable for us to sleep at night without electricity,\" said Dolly Alleri, a resident of Narahi.Kamna Sharma, housewife and a resident of Aliganj said, \"It is an everyday affair now. There are power cuts for an hour or two mostly at midnight.\" The problem has also compounded in Daliganj and Niralanagar areas as well. \"As the transformers installed are old, they are not able to bear excessive load. As a result we face 6 to 8 times fluctuations every day. Power cuts for 10 hours are rampant in my area,\" said Riyaz Ahmad, an engineer, a resident of Daliganj.Residents of posh colonies like Gomtinagar, Mahanagar and Aliganj are also facing fluctuations and low voltage problem. \"No appliance works on such low voltage,\" said Shilpika Srivastav, a resident of Vipul Khand, Gomtinagar. Chavi Srivastav, a student, says, \"For the last one month there has been power cuts for more than five hours in our colony at night. It has become a daily affair.\" -Nupur Puri", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14122481", "title": "Wipro inks deal with Australia's MMG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wipro Technologies has been chosen by MMG, a mid-tier global resources company as its strategic partner for a period of three years.Wipro will define and deliver 'Integrated Business Management' programme for MMG as part of the contract. MMG mines, explores and develops base metal projects in Australia and around the world and is one of the world's largest producers of zinc as well as a substantial producer of copper, lead, gold and silver.As part of the strategic relationship, Wipro will work with MMG to transform its operations, by standardizing and simplifying its business processes and implementing a new SAP platform that will effectively support MMG's future growth and profitability.\"MMG is embarking on the strategic 'Integrated Business Management' programme to allow the business to derive value from the current and future operations by adopting a common operating platform across all assets,\" said MMG's chief operating officer, Marcelo Bastos.\"We are excited to work with Wipro as our key strategic partner to transform key management systems and providing a foundation for MMG's simplification and growt,\" he added.Anand Padmanabhan, a senior vice-president with Wipro, said, \"MMG is a very important customer for Wipro and we look forward to partnering with MMG to ensure seamless delivery of this business critical programme. Information technology has emerged as a key efficiency driver in the natural resources space and clearly the future growth of the mining industry lies in increased efficiency through automation. \"Wipro's natural resources vertical covering metals and mining, agriculture and forestry industry segments is a part of its energy, natural resources and utilities strategic business unit (SBU) headed by Padmanabhan. It addresses the core industry concerns of efficiency and optimization in operations and management through consulting, engineering, IT and BPO services, while providing solutions to customers for sustainable use of resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14109360", "title": "Contract nurses to protest on Saturday for better pay", "text": "CHENNAI: After a series of protests by nurses working in private hospitals, a coordination of contract nurses from government hospitals and primary health centers (PHC) on Wednesday demanded a better salary package from the health ministry. About 1,000 contract nurses from Chennai and neighbouring districts will hold a protest in front of the Memorial Hall on Saturday.While a regular government employee is paid 22,000 as salary and also given allowance, contract nurses are paid a pittance of 4,000 when they join.The nurses' coordination has also demanded that the state government regularize the employment of contract nurses. Tamil Nadu Medical Workers Federation president Dr G R Ravindranath said the government should appoint a minimum of six nurses in all PHCs. \"The state government should stop recruiting contract staff through outsourced agencies and NGOs. Any kind of sub-contract system through such agencies will affect the quality of our public health system which we always boast of,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14109085", "title": "The rise of the water mafia", "text": "PANAJI: Purchasing power is determining the misuse and prioritization of public water supply to private entrepreneurs, especially large ones in the tourism industry, thereby depriving the local community of the valuable resource, says a study.The three month study from July 2011, 'Reclaiming water rights: towards an equitable social contract' was carried out by the Centre for responsible tourism (CRT), an initiative of Caritas-Goa, and the council for social justice and peace (CSJP).\"The right of ownership and use of water as a resource primarily rests with the commons. Appropriation due to commercialization of a common resource is depriving the local community of its right. The purchasing power decides this right,\" Fr Maverick Fernandes, executive secretary, CSJP, said.The study, which was commissioned under the Tourism Concern (a UK-based charity working on ethical tourism practices) and Water Equity in Tourism (WET) programmes, seeks to highlight the growing inequities around water access, quantity, quality and distribution to communities.\"Unregulated and unplanned tourism developments, lack of effective legislation and the privatization of 'common' resources are notable reasons for the inequities,\" the study states.Explaining further, the CSJP secretary said that the lack of effective monitoring has worsened the situation. \"Hence, the rightsholders and stakeholders have to justly decide about the use of water as a common resource or else we get blatant figures wherein an entire village consumes 4,500 cubic litres per month while a single starred hotel consumes 5,00,000 litres a day,\" he said.The water tariffs for commercial establishments, barring small 15-room hotels, had a flat procurement rate of 25 per cubic metre. In differing figures of consumption, the medium hotels paid a maximum of 20,000 as their monthly bills while starred hotels payment ranged between 2,00,000 to 3,50,000 monthly. \"The starred hotels consume roughly between 500 cubic metres a day whereas a small &amp; medium hotel consumes 45 cubic metres a day,\" the study states.The government has not prescribed any slabs for water usage. It is unlimited usage for those who can pay.\"The study also traced the highest consumers of water, their uses, waste disposal and the cost of procurement as well as the socio-environmental cost in terms of use/over-use of limited and common resources,\" Anabel da Gama, co-ordinator of Eco footprints, a Verna-based NGO, said.Based on this study, a campaign at the local and international level for 'zero tolerance for water injustice' has been launched by Eco Footprints, which also assisted in the study.Conversely, almost all households have access to wells, but the increasing levels of contamination and the fear that the water is unsafe for consumption has led to the neglecting of the resource for drinking. These wells have yet to be tested, the study says.Though the public supply has linked almost all households, the demand for tap water has doubled during the last few years. \"Access to public water for domestic purposes, even if subsidized, is irregular and limited in most villages. A common occurrence noted is a drop in pressure,\" the study goes on. The approximate monthly consumption of public water resources amounts to 4,500 cubic metres.The findings of the study have also been submitted to tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, urging him to take cognizance of the injustice and consequences for local communities due to unregulated tourism Though tourism is well-developed and attracts lakhs of visitors, most of the hotels, especially in the coastal areas, are yet to set up waste management systems.\"The waterways and beaches are polluted, largely due to sewage and waste contamination, occurring due to a lack of infrastructure and lack of legislation,\" the findings state.The ground water extraction by an increasing number of bore wells is unregulated. Privatization of common water resources such as land purchasing, and channelizing water were examples of problems that forced communities to find other/costly sources of water, the study laments.\"We have also requested the minister to implement the recommendations by expeditiously bringing together the rights holders (local communities) and stakeholders of the tourism Industry towards a dialogue process for equitable solutions,\" Fr Fernandes said.The shift in policy to draw high-spending tourists to the state, which attracts around 2.3 million visitors to add to a resident population of just 1.4 million, only subjects the already burdened and inadequate infrastructure for locals to more pressure. \"This (high-spending tourists), in turn, means the acquisition of new spaces along the coast for multinationals engaged in the hospitality industry, and the inclusion of western amenities, and new forms of entertainment and sports ,\" the study states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "14123614", "title": "Players are not making unreasonable demands: Michael Clarke", "text": "MELBOURNE: Australia's Test and ODI captain Michael Clarke does not find the players' demands in an ongoing pay dispute with the Cricket Board to be unreasonable but is hopeful that the deadlock would be resolved soon.Australian Cricketers Association's Memorandum of Understanding with Cricket Australia expires on June 30 and the two parties are struggling to work out a new one despite several rounds of meetings.If the deal is not worked out by June 30, there is a possibility of a players' strike.\"One thing I do know about the players is we're asking no more than what we've had. We believe the most important thing is giving back to this game, not just for the players that are playing today but for the future of the game. We want what's fair,\" Clarke was quoted as saying by a sports website.\"We want the game to continue to be the number one game in this country and hopefully in the world. As captain of the Australian team I'll do whatever it takes to make sure this game continues to grow,\" he added.Clarke hoped that a consensus would be reached soon and the possibility of a strike would not become a reality.\"Hopefully it will be sorted sooner rather than later, for all parties. I think there's a meeting scheduled tomorrow with (Cricket Australia general manager of team performance) Pat Howard and (ACA chief executive) Paul Marsh ... The last thing we want to do is go on strike.\"I don't want to miss any cricket for Australia. I think it's best for everyone the sooner it gets done the better.\"Clarke said the existing system was a good enough performance-based model.\"I believe our contracts are already performance-based. We have 25 contracted players; 90 per cent of those guys are on one-year contracts and if you don't perform in that 12 months you no longer have a contract, so you're looking for another job,\" he explained.Australia will play an ODI against Ireland and one against England before the June 30 deadline. Four ODIs against England are scheduled in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "14122388", "title": "3 arrested in T P Chandrasekharan murder case", "text": "KOZHIKODE: In a major breakthrough, the Special Investigation Team of police has picked up three accused in the murder of T P Chandrasekharan, the leader of the Revolutionary Marxist Party who was killed on May 4.M K Sunil Kumar alias Kodi Suni, Manoj alias Kirmani Manoj and Muhammad Shafi, who were in the gang that attacked Chandrasekharan was taken into custody at a hideout at Peringamala near Iritty in Kannur district.In a pre-dawn operation that was kept as closely-guarded secret, a 12-member police team in mufti walked around three kilometres to reach the temporary shed where the gang has been hiding for the past 20 days.Police said the gang tried to attack the team but was overpowered by the cops within minutes. A revolver and a dagger were recovered from them. The accused are being interrogated by the SIT at its office in Vadakara.Kodi Suni is the first accused in the murder case. According to the police there were seven members in the vehicle used by the assailants who attacked Chandrasekharan. With Thursday's arrest, all except one have been arrested by the police. There are altogether 38 accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mapusars", "code": "14108595", "title": "Mango tree falls on Khorlim house, loss pegged at Rs 1L", "text": "MAPUSARs: A house belonging to Sharad Chari was severely damaged at Khorlim-Mapusa after a huge mango tree came crashing down on it on Wednesday afternoon.None of Chari's family members suffered injuries. However, the incident that occurred at about 11.45am, destroyed the entire roof of the house and since the rain came seeping in, the walls were also damaged.Mapusa fire personnel rushed to the site. It took them six hours to clear the fallen branches. The fire department has estimated the loss to be around 1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14108073", "title": "Canadian dairy major Agropur squares up to face the might of home-grown Amul", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Agropur, a Canadian dairy major, is planning to enter India with a manufacturing facility in Gujarat. The 74-year-old dairy co-operative with a network of 3,349 member dairy producers, is looking forward to signing a memorandum of understanding (MoU) at the Vibrant Gujarat investors summit in 2013. Generating more than $3.6 billion in sales, the leading Canadian provider of dairy products is likely to spell competition for home-grown Amul.However, Agropur's entry is giving no signs of worry to the over six decades-old co-operative which came up in Anand with inspiration from India's Iron Man Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel. Having fought a battle with privately-owned Polson Dairy when it was taking baby steps under the leadership of Tribhuvandas Patel and Dr Verghese Kurien , Amul today has crossed the US $2.5 billion mark. \"We do not see any threat to Amul. In fact, there are more than 100 competitors to Amul brand in across the country,\" says R S Sodhi, managing director of the Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul.\"We have always welcomed competition if it comes with the long term goal to provide better remuneration to farmers. But we are against those, especially multinationals, who come here for short term goals,\" says Sodhi, adding that in 2011-2012 alone GCMMF has paid Rs 9,901 crore to its 15 member unions (district dairy unions of Gujarat) who have 32 lakh dairy farmers associated with them as members. \"Gujarat's milk procurement price paid to farmers is 15-20 per cent expensive compared to other parts of India. We are further enhancing our milk processing capacity to 180 lakh litres per day by investing Rs 3,000 crore to set up nine processing units in next four years,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14124359", "title": "Filmmakers' marketing gimmicks", "text": "Today's filmmakers are a happy lot. Gone are the days when it took a lot of money, effort and time to market a movie in the most appealing fashion. Things are much easier and less complicated now. With technology providing instant access and quick results too, filmmakers are exploiting it to the core to promote their movies. And mind you, all these contribute to a movie's success.Pictures from the sets: Today, actors are allowed and encouraged to post pictures from the sets even when the movie is at a pre-production stage to get some early mileage for the movie. These pictures give a clue to film buffs on what to expect. Social media has become a great platform for stars to share their film news with the fans. Right from shooting experiences to birthday parties on the sets, stars share everything on their micro-blogging sites. Word-of-mouth publicity, retweets, sharing the posts give movies the much-needed push.Audio launch, an expensive affair: Next is the music of the movie. It's a known fact that filmmakers these days preserve a huge chunk of money for the audio launch. Audio launches today are impressive with a lot of pomp and show \u2014 right from the most exquisite looking invitation cards to out-of-the-box themes to launch the film audio, it's one big event.Power of singles: The latest trend is to release a single track from the movie online to garner some initial mileage and attention. Tamil flicks Mankatha , Muppozhudhum Un Karpanaigal , Vaanam released single tracks before audio launch and got wide appreciation. Who can forget the waves created by Kolaveri song from the movie 3 . Debutant music director Anirudh became a phenomenon of sorts gaining global acclaim.Behind the scenes: Recently, Shreya Ghoshal's single in the movie Saattai was released online making it a hit. What caught people's attention was not just the song or the singer but also the making of the video that made people sit up and take note. Aishwarya Dhanush too had adapted the same marketing strategy to promote her movie before release as she put up the making of Kolaveri video online.First look: Thala Ajith's Billa-2 is a much anticipated movie. When the filmmakers released the teaser of the film, it was nothing short of expectations. The trailer became a rage online within minutes of it being uploaded.These apart, touring cities, media interviews and contests related to the movie are all part of the promotional campaign. All these with the sole mission of raking in the moolah!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "14107111", "title": "Move to shift shelter home inmates abandoned", "text": "JALANDHAR: \"How can somebody separate us from our mother? How is it possible? How will you feel is you are asked to leave your home and parents,\" asked Sheeba, an inmate of Unique Home, a student of 12th class. She was shocked that official machinery wanted to shift them out.Social welfare department and Jalandhar DC Priyank Bharti had issued orders on Tuesday to shift children of the Home -- which had become more than a shelter home for the abandoned girls -- to Nari Niketan, but had to abandon the move after strong opposition from a large number of people, who have been supporting the shelter home for abandoned girls.It was a shock for the elder girls of the home, who had to leave their tour to Dalhousie midway and to see police personnel at their home and Sarkari workers manning it. The girls were visibly upset and many cried after learning that government wanted to shift them out. Sheeba, who is preparing for medical entrance test, was reportedly not allowed to go to her coaching classes by the officials on Tuesday, sources said.On Wednesday, as Parkash Kaur, who has been running the home for the last two decades, entered the home on Wednesday evening, along with the girls who had gone on tour, Zenab, a little girl suffering from Downs' syndrome, who was at the home along with other little children, clung to her legs. She left only after Parkash picked her up and kissed her.For Lucy, a student of BA second year in a local college and who was sent to Convent of Jesus and Mary, Waverley, Mussoorie, for schooling, it was a major shock of her life that somebody pointing a finger at her mom (Parkash Kaur).\"God will help us and my mom,\" she said in a choking voice with tears welling up in her eyes. Lucy was 4-5 months old when Parkash started this home with six girls.\"The government departments claim to be guarding the interests of children, but the way these educated people (senior officers) have acted and handled the issue has rather upset the children and have injured their psyche. I could not break the news to them in Dalhousie, where they were enjoying the tour, that government machinery wanted to shift them to Nari Niketan, casting aspersions on us,\" said Parkash.Meanwhile, social welfare department director Gurkirat Kirpal Singh visited the unique home in the evening and held meeting with the trustees of the home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107412", "title": "Sex of 39% of Delhi's zoo's collection unknown", "text": "NEW DELHI: Females have outnumbered males at the Delhi Zoo for over a decade now and the gap has been widening. According to zoo officials, there are 142 more female animals (544) than male ones (402).But the largest group is that of animals whose sex officials have been unable to determine; there are 606 - 39% of the total population - of them. They are slotted under category \"U,\" which, zoo curator Riaz Khan says, is \"unsex\", essentially unknown sex.It's hardest to tell with birds, says Khan. For other animals, it takes time. For instance, they still don't know the sex of the new-born hippopotamus in the zoo. \"It has to come out of the water first,\" says Khan. Even for rhinoceros, says zoo veterinarian Paneer Selvam, you have to wait at least a week before attempting to check. Another set of animals that are proving to be difficult is the three porcupines that have arrived as part of a exchange programme with the Punjab zoo.The Delhi zoo's population grew by 79 animals over 2011-12. The number of species is still 110 despite the zoo having lost the last of several species including the Red Lechwe and Crowned Crane - both African. It has also acquired species that it didn't have including a pair of wolves from Jaipur.The exchange programme with Punjab is partly fulfilled; the last part \u2014 transfer of one male swamp deer and a pair of sarus cranes from Punjab to Delhi \u2014 has been stalled because of the heat. \"They will now come after summer,\" says Khan.The white-tiger population \u2014 once a cause for concern because their number had crossed a dozen and space was running out\u2014 has declined. In the recent past two have been sent to Jaipur and Punjab zoos.The number for exotic animals has declined too. \"For many such species, we have only singles - male or female - not pairs,\" says Khan, \"We haven't brought an animal from abroad after the three zebras in 2006 and other zoos are not ready to give us.\"All three zebras died, as did the one born of that stock at the Delhi zoo. The maximum population growth has happened in Indian origin animals; the group has expanded by 66 members. Next is the group protected under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act; its population has grown by 21 (increasing from 271 to 292).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "14108876", "title": "Tragic Tuesday: Class VIII, X students end lives", "text": "MAPUSA: It was a tragic Tuesday for the families of two school-going students who took their own lives.While Pratiksha Shetkar, a Class X student allegedly committed suicide by setting herself on fire near her residence at Deulwada in Arambol on Tuesday, Class VIII student Mohan Shamkishor Vishwakarma hung himself at his residence at Walkeshwar Wada, Alto-Betim.In the first case, the police said that 16-year-old Shetkar said she was ill and left school during the interval. Upon returning home from school and noticing no one around, she went to the nearby cashew plantations and allegedly set herself on fire using kerosene. Not being able to withstand the pain, she returned home with her burn injuries, crying for help.Her family members rushed her to the Goa Medical College and hospital at Bambolim where she died of her 80% burn injuries while undergoing medical treatment.The girl belonged to a finacially backward family, but the reasons for her suicide are not yet clear, said police, adding that they reregistered the case as an unnatural death. PSI Mohan Gaude is investigating the case.In the second instance, police said that 13-year-old Kumar hung himself using a nylon rope as he was upset over his class division being changed. Kumar, who studied at a school close to his home, kept telling his family that he wanted to study in the same class and didn't want to shift to the other division.The boy had apparently been upset and had been crying a lot in the last few days over the issue. On Tuesday at about 6.30pm, he used the rope to hang himself. His parents were out of the house and his body was found by his younger brother. Later, the Porvorim police were informed and they conducted a panchanama.Police have registered the case as an unnatural death and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104924", "title": "Presidential poll: SP, Trinamool bowl googly by naming Manmohan", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and Trinamool leader Mamata Banerjee seem to have endorsed rating agency Standard &amp; Poor's sharply critical analysis that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh is unable to influence Cabinet colleagues and is a waning force.The shock inclusion of Singh in a list of presidential probables put forward by Mamata and Mulayam stirred political circles, setting off talk of the allies having delivered a rude jolt to the PM who only recently said he was comfortable in his current assignment.Singh's name is not likely to be taken seriously by the Congress, while SP and Trinamool may also have tossed the PM's candidature as part of high-pressure bargaining over a presidential nominee, but the unmistakable impression is that Mamata and Mulayam have treated him with a touch of disdain.For one, speculation on Singh \"moving on\" to Rashtrapati Bhawan has been swirling for months, driven first by the perception that Congress leader Rahul Gandhi may step in. With the UP assembly results seen as a setback for Rahul, the talk died only to be revived when a deepening policy paralysis began to worry the Congress leadership.The Congress leadership might be wearied by the glacial pace of decision-making but does not have clear choices about who could take over. Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee is a de-facto number two, but if Congress is uncertain about considering him as president, it can hardly be confident about handing the premiership to him.PMO did not react to the developments, with sources pointing to agency reports that \"senior\" Congress leaders ruled out a change of PM. On Wednesday evening, Congress was still figuring out the SP-Trinamool gambit but the party can hardly go with a public suggestion that the PM be shunted to Rashtrapati Bhawan.What has been brought into the open has been murmured for some time now: the PM's best phase in office might be behind him with concern mounting whether Singh can find the motivation and energy to wade against the odds as political challenges mount and there is an urgent need to attend to a slowing economy.After having been hailed abroad for his leadership and understanding of the political economy for several tears, comment has turned less flattering in recent times. The economist described him as lame duck and more recently as a leader with little clout. S &amp; P seems to have articulated what Delhi's power circles have been mulling for some time.Some leaders who met the PM recently felt Singh is feeling weighed down by the political situation, while others who have interacted with him found him to be fairly business-like. On Wednesday, for example, he held a detailed meeting of the nuclear command authority and there has been no let up in meetings and briefings.Yet, some Cabinet ministers point to increasing conflicts the government has been drawn in: whether it is the needless confrontation with IITs over entrance exams, the differences between the oil minister and Reliance on KG basin gas, the ugliness over the Army chief's age dispute or a prolonged showdown with states over the powers of a National Counter Terrorism Centre.There is considerable unhappiness in the ruling coalition over Mukherjee's handling of the economy, but Singh would have to share some of the burden. Mukherjee tends to treat the finance ministry as his fief - in contrast with his predecessor P Chidambaram who would defer to the PM on major issues if it was required.Singh's reticence has not helped as the only occasion that he opens his mind is while travelling abroad. The reticence troubles the party leadership as the government's articulation is restricted to a group of ministers on media who do all the talking.Congress insiders have often bemoaned that Singh has never really lacked authority for all the discussion on Congress chief Sonia Gandhi holding the levers of the UPA. She, they say, has not acted as a brake giving him a free hand in framing policy. Singh's might be a case of not exercising enough power when he ought to have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "14109488", "title": "Whitaker joins fight to save frogs", "text": "KERI: World-renowned herpetologist Romulus Whitaker and wildlifer Jerry Martins recently released posters on save the Indian bullfrogs at a programme organized by the Mhadei Research Centre on the threshold of the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary in Ponsuli.Though Indian bullfrogs and Jordon's bullfrogs are protected under the Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, bullfrogs are poached in large numbers in Goa.Romulus Whitaker told TOI, \"Goa is rich in diversity and there is a need to protect amphibians like frogs and also all elements of bio-diversity for posterity.\"\"During a night trail into the Mahavir wildlife sanctuary on June 8, we saw a 12-foot king cobra and ten venomous snakes including humped nosed pit viper, Malabar pit viper and other snakes,\" he said.Whitaker and his team came to Goa to study toxicity, scale counts of venomous snakes under the project of Madras Crocodile Bank's Trust and visited Mahavir, Mhadei and Netravali Wildlife Sanctuaries of Goa and were fascinated by the reptilian diversity of the land.Jerry Martins said, \"The forests of Goa are beautiful and enriched by the biological wealth. We saw more non-venomous snakes in the jungles of Netravali than venomous snakes in the Mahavir Wildlife Sanctuary.\"Nirmal Kulkarni, a member of the team and one of the directors of Mhadei Research Centre, said, \"Poaching of bull frogs is rampant in Goa. Bullfrogs are bio-indicators and the pulse of Goa's environment and work as pest controllers. Their protection is essential. These posters are sponsored by the ex-students of St Britto's, St Mary high school and St Xavier 's College of Mapusa.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110047", "title": "Lokayukta may get addl functions, govt begins consultation", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has started consultation with the law department to issue a notification under section (18) of the UP Lokayukta Act, to confer on the Lokayukta \"additional functions\" to begin proceedings against the \"non-public\" servants, in the complaint received over financial bungling in the construction of Ambedkar Smarak Sthal in Lucknow and Noida. The notification might be issued in a day or two.Once the notification is issued, UP Lokayukta Justice (retd) NK Mehrotra can start the inquiry. It was after the preliminary enquiry by vigilance department that state government had asked the Lokayukta to probe into alleged financial irregularities into purchase and supply of pink sandstone used in construction of boundary walls of Ambedkar memorials and parks in Lucknow and Noida.The UP Lokayukta, in turn, had asked the government to issue a notification and provide a specialised agency for enquiry into alleged irregularities. The notification under section 18 is required to initiate inquiry against non-public servants. \"To initiate inquiry against contractors who procured sandstone despite the fact that their mining lease had expired, I asked government to issue the notification,\" said Lokayukta.The Lokayukta had given his consent to the government to issue a notification under section (18) of the UP Lokayukta Act already. With the consent being given, it is up to the state government to issues the notification.The government has asked the Lokayukta to probe into the involvement of government departments, officials and suppliers. As per the preliminary inquiry conducted by the vigilance department, the then joint director of directorate of geology and mining SA Farooqui had written a letter to the managing director of Rajkiya Nirman Nigam in July 2007. Farooqui asked a consortium of mining leaseholders in Mirzapur, Sonbhadra and Chunar for the availability of pink sandstone for the memorials.The then joint director asked the RNN to enter into an agreement with Shahi Marbel Corporation Makrana, Rajasthan, for delivery of sandstone to Lucknow. The report said that while leaseholders claimed to have been paid Rs 75 as labour charge, on paper the labour charge was shown at Rs 150 per cubic feet. Some 11,330 cubic metre of sandstone was supplied between July and December 2007. Almost 24,582 cubic metres was supplied between January and November 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105079", "title": "Three held for duping woman of Rs 4.8 lakh", "text": "PUNE: The Kothrud police on Tuesday arrested three youths, including two engineering students, for allegedly duping a woman of Rs 4.82 lakh on the pretext of getting admission to her son for a BTech course here.\"Rohit Hajja (23) from Rajasthan and Ratenshkumar Mishra (20) and Sanjaykumar Singh (20) from Bihar were nabbed on the premises of the college on Tuesday evening. However, their accomplice managed to escape with the cash,\" inspector S B Navale said.According to sub-inspector S P Solunke, Hajja had promised complainant Asha Tilakraj Duva of Jaipur that he would get admission to her son in an engineering college here. \"He had asked her to come to Pune for the admission.\"On Tuesday, Hajja and his three accomplices took Duva to the college.\"One of them took Rs 4 lakh and a demand draft of Rs 82,116 from her and asked her to wait on the college premises,\" Solunke said.When the person did not return even after two hours, Duva enquired about him. But the other suspects gave her vague answers, Solunke said. \"Duva got suspicious and raised an alarm. Though the trio tried to flee, some people nabbed them and handed them over to the police.\"Solunke said that the suspects have been arrested under section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code.They were produced before the court on Wednesday and remanded to police custody till June 16. Navale said that the police have launched a search to trace the suspect who fled with the complainant's money.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104827", "title": "Presidential poll: Cong\u2019s Somnath plan doesn\u2019t placate Left", "text": "NEW DELHI: While the Left parties have still to meet to decide on their stand for the Presidential polls, the CPI on Wednesday said it would certainly not support a Congress candidate for the Rashtrapati Bhavan and added categorically that support for former CPM leader and Lok Sabha Speaker Somnath Chatterjee was out of the question.The CPM, has also said that it would prefer to go for a consensus candidate, which rules out the possibility of voting for a Congress candidate for the Rashtrapati Bhavan.Speaking to reporters in Thrissur, CPM leader Sitaram Yechury on Wednesday said it was in favour of a consensus candidate for the presidential poll and would disclose its stand on support only after the UPA announced its nominee.Congress has not taken any initiative so far to discuss either with the CPM or other Left parties on the presidential candidate, Yechury said.CPI on Wednesday said it will not support a Congress candidate for the presidential polls and dismissed the move of the Samajawadi Party and Trinamool Congress suggesting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's name for the high office as a \"political gimmick\".\"The Congress has to be opposed for its failure... it (the UPA) is the most non-performing government... the Prime Minister is non-functional... It is a political gimmick by the Congress,\" CPI leader Gurudas Dasgupta said. He also stressed on the fact that there was absolutely no possibility of his party supporting former Left leader Somnath Chatterjee.His comments came after Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee together announced the name of Singh, along with those of former president APJ Abdul Kalam and Chatterjee for the July 19 presidential poll.Stating that the CPI has no name to suggest, Dasgupta said that the dark horse from the Congress stable was yet to emerge. \"The dark horse is still not in sight,\" he said.To a question on his party's stand in case finance minister Pranab Mukherjee emerges as the Congress candidate, Yechury asked them if anyone of them had written five years ago that the present incumbent Pratibha Patil would be the Congress nominee for the top post.Asked about the possibility of nominating defence minister A K Antony as the presidential nominee of the UPA, Yechury again declined to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "14109273", "title": "More toll nakas face MNS heat", "text": "THANE: MNS activists on Wednesday held demonstrations at nine toll collections centres in Thane to protest against \"the lack of transparency in the policy to award tolls despite full recovery of costs spent on infrastructure projects\".The activists marched towards the toll posts at LBS Marg, Mulund, and compelled the staff against collecting toll from motorists. Another group of party workers laid siege to the toll nakas at Mumbra, Ghodbunder Road, Vashi, Karegaon, Kon, Vasai, Virar, Chinchoti and Charoti to voice their dissent against the payment of tolls to the private contractor.MNS leader Rajan Gavand said the party workers staged a violent protests at some toll posts and that they will continue to raise their voice against toll as there was no information available about the funds recovered till date and the cost of the project for which the toll is being charged on motorists.Police have arrested 16 MNS workers from Thane and another 24 have been booked for holding demonstrations at Bhiwandi toll posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14124546", "title": "Ram Charan marries Upasana Kamineni", "text": "Ram Charan has entered matrimony today with Upasana Kamineni today (June 14) at 7.30 am at the Temple Tress farm house. Charan and Upasana took their wedding wows as per the Hindu tradition in the presence of their families, friends and relatives in a specially designed Kalyana Mandapam, which resembled Domakonda fort. The who's who of Tollywood and big shots from other circles attended the marriage, which is undoubtedly one of the biggest weddings ever in South India.Mega star Chiranjeevi was personally overseeing the arrangements and extending a warm welcome to the guests and fans. Other mega family members Pawan Kalyan, Naga Babu, Allu Sirish, Allu Arjun, Sai Dharam Tej, etc were also seen along with the Charan and Upasana. Bollywood superstar Amitabh Bachchan , Sridevi and Boney Kapoor , Rajinikanth , Ambareesh and several top film personalities attended the marriage ceremony.Tollywood stars like Venkatesh, Sridevi and Boney Kapoor, Rama Naidu, Mohan Babu, Seenu Vaitla, Jr NTR and his Lakshmi Praneetha, Daggubati Rana, KS Rama Rao, Dil Raju, Shyam Prasad Reddy, KL Narayana, K Raghavendra Rao, Boyapati Seenu, Srikanthm, Sunil, Nithin, Gunnam Gangaraju, Kodi Ramakrishna, SV Krishna Reddy, etc extended their warm wishes and blessed the newly-wed couple.AP Governor ESL Narasimhan, CM Kiran Kumar Reddy, Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah, former chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu, TRS Chief K Chanadrasekhar Rao and several other state ministers were also present at the wedding.In the evening Chiranjeevi will be hosting a reception for around 7,000 guests at the HICC while Ram Charan hosts a reception for the fans on Friday (June 15) which will be followed by lunch.Here's wishing the couple a very happy married life!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123115", "title": "Pakistani actors remember Mehdi Hassan", "text": "Pakistani ghazal maestro Mehdi Hassan's demise left his fans in wave of shock. India-born legendary singer passed away in a karachi hospital on Wednesday after a prolonged illness. Celebrities Pakistan mourn Mehdi Hassan's death.Ali Zafar There are some who are beyond the captive of time and age. One such maestro was Mehdi Hassan. He may not be amongst us physically anymore but he will certainly live forever in our hearts and minds through his ghazals and geets. His gift to all of us including my generation and many more to come is intangible in words. He was more than an inspiration. He went as the greatest living ghazal maestro and we were lucky to have him. Hence I believe that we need to really show how we pay respect and ode to our heroes by doing something more meaningful than just condolences. which is why I think our govt. should construct a monument or better an institution based on the great wisdom or treasure of music he has left us with to enlighten our future generations with the same and thus show the world how we value our art and artists.Humaima Malick Mehdi Hassan was and always will be an irreplaceable personality in the history of the Pakistani music industry. He was a source of inspiration for so many singers, a personal idol for me, and a national treasure. His lived his life with dignity and was appreciated all over the subcontinent. It is true that when we talk of Mehdi Hassan we don't think India or Pakistan, we think the subcontinent. He will remain in our hearts always. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family at this time of grief. The nation mourns for the loss of this extraordinary gentleman that has inspired so many, and his great legacy will undoubtedly live on for many years to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "14112539", "title": "Rainwater wasted, govt just watches", "text": "DELHI: How much is 69 billion litres of water? By a rough calculation it is equivalent to nearly 9 million water tankers \u2014 the same ones that can be seen trundling about supplying precious water to Delhiites in a swathe of residential colonies.But, 69 billion litres of water is the amount of water that rains on Delhi's rooftops every year. The calculation is simple \u2014 take Delhi's average rainfall at about 490 millimetres, and multiply it with the total rooftop area of about 140 square kilometres as estimated by some experts.In a city where the search for water, especially this blistering summer, has become an almost life-anddeath struggle for thousands of families, this bounty from the skies almost seems unbelievable. But it is as true and real as the dry taps in Delhi today.Of course it is not as simple as that. All water cannot be collected from rooftops. Some will be absorbed by the surface, some will evaporate in the heat, some will get contaminated or spill away. But the numbers do give an idea of the immense potential of rainwater harvesting in Delhi.And this is just harvesting from the rooftops. It is only 10% of the total rain that falls on Delhi in an average monsoon. The total volume of water that comes down as rain is a mind-boggling figure, about 690 billion litres. Even a 25% usage of this would go a long way in recharging the fast depleting groundwater.With a population of over 138 million at last count Delhi is said to have an average daily demand of about 1100 million gallons or about 5 billion litres. The supply gap this summer is about 465 million gallons or over 2 billion litres per day.Had all the pronouncements and declarations by Delhi government on making rainwater harvesting mandatory in commercial and residential constructions been implemented, at least some edge would have been taken off this present water scarcity.Those few who have installed a rainwater harvesting system in their homes vouch for its effectiveness. One such person is Ruchi Singhal, an interior decorator, who got a system installed in 2004 with the help of the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE), a Delhi-based environmental advocacy institution. \"I have a 3800 litres capacity tank under the driveway connected to the roof through pipes. There is arrangement to take the overflow from this tank to a discharge well which takes the excess water down to the groundwater table,\" says Singhal. She uses the collected water for nondrinking purposes like washing cars and watering the garden .Apart from rooftop harvesting, rainwater can very effectively be used for recharging precious groundwater, says Sushmita Sengupta of CSE. The total built-up area of Delhi is around 50% according to Sengupta. This could yield a huge amount of water through drainage area recharge or a micro-watershed treatment. In both of these, run-off water (that is, water not absorbed by open ground but runs off and finally ends up in drains and the river or evaporates) is trapped either on the surface through check dams or channeled to well-like structures nearby so that it goes into the groundwater after crude filtering.All this would ease some of the crisis that occurs every summer in the capital. For a long-term solution, there is a need to quickly finish various projects like the Renuka, Kishau and Lakhwar Vyasi dams and the canals linking them to Delhi. This will require sorting out watersharing issues with surrounding states, as with the existing Yamuna, Beas and Ganga water sharing systems, says Dilip Fouzdar, an expert on water resources management. \"The capital's water needs have to be treated with priority and this requires cooperation between various states, under the stewardship of the Union government,\" he says.Meanwhile, Delhi government needs to get cracking on strictly implementing its own laws regarding rainwater harvesting from rooftops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110823", "title": "Few Maharashtra board students score above 90%, tough admission battle looms", "text": "MUMBAI: SSC students in the city may find it tough to fend off the challenge from other boards during junior college admissions as barely 2.5% of state board students managed to score 90% or above.State board data shows that a mere 7,459 students in Mumbai and 24,994 students in Maharashtra (about 2% of those who passed) went past the 90% barrier. The number has almost halved from last year, when 14,523 students in Mumbai (5.1%) and 42,731 in Maharashtra (3.7%) scored 90% and above. Even in 2010, at least 13,456 students in Mumbai (4.8%) and a total of 40,928 in the state achieved the feat,Most college principals were concerned about the fate of state board students during junior college admissions considering the fact that at least 30-40% students in most ICSE and CBSE schools have scored 90% and above.Indu Shahani, principal of HR College said, \"This is a matter of concern but over the past two years, we have noticed that the high cut-offs usually average out by the second merit list. Hopefully it will continue this year too, so that students don't suffer.\" She said that as results of other education boards get better with every passing year, top city colleges might be taken over by students from other boards. \"This year, most students who graduated from degree colleges too have been from other boards,\" she added.The fall in the number of top scorers will mostly have a bearing on the composition of top colleges.\"This will definitely impact the number of state board students in getting through to a college and course of their choice, especially in bifocal subjects. However, other boards have their own formula for calculating scores so hopefully, when they apply to junior colleges online, their scores might match the scores of state board students,\" said Shobhana Vasudevan, principal of RA Podar College, Matunga. She added that state board students might need a lot of counseling after the results. \"For most students, their Class X scores are very important and if they fail to achieve what they desire, they are bound to get depressed,\" she added.Rohan Bhatt, principal of Childrens' Academy said, \"The numbers of top scorers in our school has definitely gone down. Many students have told us that they scored lower than expected in science, though other subjects were up to the mark.\" Gauri Dighe, science teacher at V N Sule School said clubbing science-I and II was extremely stressful for most students. People's Welfare School principal Hema Kannan reasoned the drop in number of high scorers to the fact that the upgraded math and science syllabus was a challenge for several kids.With scores falling in science and maths, the overall results didn't present a pretty picture for many.This year, the board introduced a new element in the curricula- High Order Thinking Skills - a section in which students had to apply knowledge from various chapters before they could answer the questions.Shobhna Bhide, a teacher at Anandiketan, Nashik, and a member of the state's board of studies for science, said, \"Till last year, the format of the question paper was such that every student who studied the text could answer all questions. But this time, the HOTS section required a lot of thinking. In the final count, performance in that section separated the really bright students from average kids.\" S Chakraborty, a teacher from an Andheri-based school, said, \"Many science teachers have found that students performed miserably in science. Some questions carrying more marks were based on application. Those questions were easy, but our state board students were new to this pattern. Many must have found it difficult to attempt these questions. Also studying the whole portion for both section I and II in a day was difficult.\"However, the success rate in most subjects has gone up. Last year, overall pass percentage plunged by 7% in the state, one of its reasons being the dip in success rate of subjects. This year, more students passed in all subjects. In English (first language), 97.7% of the total students passed, up from last year's 95.9% in the state. The success rate in languages like Hindi (90.4%) and Marathi (92%) also went up by a couple of percentages. The overall rise in the state's success rate is also attributed to the rise in students' performances in different subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14106528", "title": "Gandhi Peace Bus to arrive in Kochi on June 23", "text": "KOCHI: Gandhi Peace Bus, an interstate youth campaign jointly organized by the Kerala Gandhi Smaraka Nidhi and the department of information and public relations, aiming to create a violence-free society, will reach the district on June 23.It will tour all the places visited by Mahatma Gandhi in Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Karnataka.The campaign will conclude in Mangalore in July, according to the organizers. As part of the tour, public debates will also be held on different topics. The first reception for the campaign in the district will be given at Mulanthuruthy and participants will later visit Mahar Snehabhavan.They will also organize a public debate on youth power against violence on the same day there.The welcoming programme in the city will be held at Palarivattom Junction and mayor Tony Chammany will attend the reception. Students and teachers of UC College, Aluva, where Gandhiji planted a mango tree sapling, will accord a reception to the campaign on June 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119853", "title": "Rihanna 'not happy' to be a size zero", "text": "Rihanna has revealed that she is not happy about being a size zero and the effect her jam-packed schedule is having on her body.Recently, the 24-year-old pop diva made the leap from the recording studio to the big screen with her star turn in 'Battleship'.\"I want to do two more [movies] before touring again next year,\" The Us magazine quoted the singer as saying.\"My schedule is crazy!\" she said.In fact so jam packed is her schedule, that the Barbados-born Rihanna was hospitalized for tiredness following her appearance at the Met Ball last month, where she looked stunning in a black, reptile-inspired Tom Ford gown.\"I got no sleep [beforehand],\" Rihanna said.\"It's harsh on your body!\"Her hospitalization - and her shrinking body - have some fans fretting that she's dealing with something more serious, though Rihanna assured that her nonstop schedule is the only thing to blame.\"I'm a size 0 -- and not happy about it!\" she said.\"I went way too far. I prefer myself a bit chunkier. I want my old butt back!\" she added.The \"Where Have You Been\" singer is at work on her seventh CD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14112449", "title": "Maharashtra SSC 90% plus club shrinks, gives ICSE, CBSE admission edge", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra's SSC pass rate rose by 4% to 75%, and Mumbai's went up by a marginal 0.7% to reach 80.7%, but hidden behind these small successes is a slowdown. The number of students getting 90% and higher dropped by 41.5% in the state from 42,731 last year to 24,994 in 2012.In Mumbai, the drop is by 48.6%, from 14,523 students last year to 7,459. Fewer students got 80% and higher too. Among those who cracked the exam, the largest chunk\u201445%\u2014have scores of 35-59%. With most ICSE and CBSE students holding better scorecards, the upcoming admission season looks rocky for SSC students. Sports marks, best-5 gloss fades this yearFor at least three years now, since 2009, it seemed like the academic world was riding a wave. With each passing year, the results were a bigger splash. The population of high scorers climbed as students milked every scheme visible on the horizon\u2014whether it was the best-5 policy or the generous giveaway of up to 4% to sports stars. It seemed like the levees had crashed as a flood of 90-percenters came. This year, the count has dropped.Like last year, 21,171 students applied for the additional marks in sports this year but it seems like the magic has faded off the additional marks granted and the best-5 policy. School education minister Rajendra Darda said the board would look into the factors behind the drop in high scorers. But most teachers reasoned that it was because of the changed format of science and maths papers, which included questions under a fresh section that required 'high order thinking skills'.Sanskriti Merchant, from Fort Convent High School, scored 98% after calculating the best five scores. Merchant said, \"This year, the science paper was totally different from the ones that we practised for, those of the previous years. Some of the questions were application based, where we had to really think. Also, problems were not from the textbook, like they usually are. Many must have found it tougher.\"Sarjerao Jadhav, state board chairman, said the overall success rate had gone up in the state because the timetable for the exams was given well in advance and the exam was spread over a month, thus giving students enough time to study without stress.Schools that managed to get a 100% result have increased. Over 2,500 schools in Maharashtra got 100% pass results, while 97 schools had the dubious distinction of not seeing a single student clear the board.Meanwhile, the Konkan division, a new one culled out of the Mumbai and Kolhapur divisions, did best with a 90.8% pass percentage. Mumbai's pass percentage secured it fourth place among divisions, a drop from last year's second rank. On a more predictable count, girls outperformed boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14109682", "title": "1 in 3 senior citizens in Mumbai faces abuse: Survey", "text": "MUMBAI: The case of 62-year-old Arunkumar Tikku who was murdered in a plush Lokhandwala flat still evokes fear among Mumbaikars, but a lesser known form of abuse is silently prevalent in many homes.Nearly one in every three senior citizens in Mumbai faces some form of abuse, reveals a survey undertaken by HelpAge India, which interviewed 5,600 people across India (280 in Mumbai). The report, which will be released on Thursday on the eve of World Elder Abuse Awareness Day, highlights that much of the abuse takes place within at home. Nearly 62% of the elderly victims in Mumbai had borne abuse at the hands of their sons followed by their daughters-in-law (21%). \"Realty prices in Mumbai are rising, which has become a prime cause of abuse with children taking advantage of the elderly,\" said Valerian Pais, deputy director of HelpAge India.The survey found that 83% of senior citizens silently faced the abuse, mainly due to \"family honour\" and the 17% who spoke out mainly told family members (in 44% of cases), relatives (37%) or friends (19%). \"If a parent doesn't want to be abused he simply cannot be abused. Often there is a sense of victimization among seniors,\" said Sheilu Shrinivasan of NGO Dignity Foundation.HelpAge believes nationwide programmes need to be organized to sensitize children. Bollywood actor Prateik will thus be releasing the report. \"I have great respect for the elderly and we should do everything to help them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111137", "title": "Night topper Naseer wants to be mechanical engineer", "text": "NAGPUR: The fruits of hard work are always sweet and this was proved by Naseer Hussain who scored 77.64% to emerge as the SSC topper of night school. Naseer now dreams of becoming a mechanical engineer.Hussain says that though his parents are not with him in the city, he can always feel their blessings. \"My mother has asked me to continue my hard work and become a big man and I hope to do so,\" he said.Naseer's father went to the Gulf when Naseer was two years old. His mother lives in Mumbai and sent Naseer to his uncle in Nagpur hoping to get him a good education. Naseer always had a thirst for knowledge and wanted to study.His uncle enrolled him in Mominpura's Tajbaba Night School and along with it arranged for a job as mechanic at a local scooter repairing centre where he worked during the day.Naseer's determination to get himself educated propelled him to study hard and earn the honour of being a topper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14119110", "title": "Rs 90K BPL ceiling: City's Parsis community foxed", "text": "VADODARA: The definition of Bombay Parsi Panchayat (BPP) of a \"poor Parsi\" as the one who earns up to Rs 90,000 a month has the community members living here in a tizzy.An estimated 300 Parsi families live in Vadodara.\"Absolutely absurd,\" is how a section of the community, who run charity trusts for Parsis, reacted to BPP's announcement. Although, members of the Vadodara Parsi Panchayat (VPP) were also surprised at the news, its president Baman Cama refused to comment on the development, saying his panchayat had its own rules and BPP had its own.One of the VPP trustees, Dara Hakim, however, said he was \"shocked to read about the new yardstick for defining poor. It's completely nonsensical. But, then why get shocked, considering that the Planning Commission said that one could survive at Rs 29 a day.\" Hakim added that the definition would \"definitely create a misimpression about the community\".The VPP has also constructed 10 flats behind Fatehgunj Agiyari for the needy community members, many of whom earn less than Rs10,000 per month.Parin Icchhopuria, an octogenarian and former caretaker of a day-care centre for children, has no means of sustenance and has no immediate family to turn to. Her helper, Laxmi Ben, a Christian stays with her in one of these one-room flats. \"The occupants have to pay Rs 250 as rent to stay in these flats and most of them are servicemen,\" she revealed.Zeru Contractor, whose great grandfather, Khansaheb Faramji Cowasji Contractor built Asia's second largest dome for MSU's Arts College building, says the move has created a misinformation about the community.Zeru, an advocate, added, \"Every year, our trust Perstonji Farhamji Poor Parsi Girls and Boys Education Fund pays a total of Rs 60,000 to 50 students. Navsari also has a number of poor Parsi families. This kind of claim (by BCC) doesn't make sense.\"\"Our community members may be doing relatively better than most other communities in the country, but to call someone earning Rs 90,000 per month as a 'BPL member' is nothing but irresponsibly illogical,\" said Nikitin Contractor, her nephew.However, there some Parsis who think BPP is right in own set of circumstances. Yazdy Naval Daruwala, a financial adviser, said that the definition is \"dictated by local requirement. Ours is an ageing community and the panchayat wants its members to stay together and raise families in localities where they own land. If these are located in upscale neighbourhoods like south Mumbai, or Borivili or Thane, then the cost of construction high. Also, the definition says that people earning 'up to' Rs 90,000, and 'not above' Rs 90,000, would be eligible for flat allotment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14124887", "title": "Improvement in civic school results.", "text": "PUNE: The pass percentage of 18 secondary schools run by Pimpri Chinchiwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) in the secondary school certificate (SSC std X) examinations is 84.19. The online resultsof the Std X examinations conducted by the Maharashtrastate education board were announced on Wednesday.The pass percentage of Akurdi secondary school was the highest which was 97.01. The pass percentage of Pimprinagar secondary school was the lowest which was 43.36. Five secondary schools have secured pass percentage in the range of 70 to 80percent.Five secondary schools have secured pass percentage in the range of 70 to 80 percent. Four secondary schools have pass percentage in the range of 80.01 to 90%, six secondary schools have pass percentage in the range of 90.01 to 95% . Two secondary schools have secured pass percentage in the range of 95.01 to 100%.Vishnu Jadhav,secondary education officer, PCMC said, \"The pass percentage for the 18 secondary schools run by Pimpri Chinchiwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) in the Std X examinations held in March 2011 is 81. So there has been an improvement of 3.1%.\"He said, \"The education department will felicitate the meritorious students who have securedgood marks in the examinations held in March 2012. The student who has received percentage in the range of 85 to 90 will get Rs 25,000, who has receivedmarks in the range of 90 to 95 will get Rs 50,000; who has received marks higher than 96 percentage will get Rs 1 lakh.\"He said, \"The departmentwill be collecting the information from secondary schools about the meritorious students who are eligible to get these amounts. Later we will hold a programmeto felicitate these students and give the cheques of these amounts.\"He said, \"Thestudent who had received percentage in the range of 80 to 85 was given Rs25,000, who has received marks in therange of 85 to 90 was given Rs 50,000; who has received marks higher than 90% was given Rs 1 lakh. Last year PCMC had distributed prizes amounting to Rs 39 lakh to meritorious students.\"Eom/siddharthgaikwad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14106696", "title": "MCD engineers, contractors get 3-years' rigorous imprisonment for fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has sentenced 8 engineers of the erstwhile MCD to three years rigorous imprisonment for duping the government of several lakh rupees in collusion with private contractors who installed in fixing inferior road signage.Special CBI Judge P S Teji also awarded three-year jail terms each to three private contractors for conniving with the MCD engineers for duping the exchequer.The MCD officials, who were sentenced, included its executive engineer Brij Pal Singh, three assistant engineers Anil Kumar, P K Sharma and S S Arya and four junior engineers G P Sharma, Ramkesh Meena, Arun Kumar and A K Jain. The jailed private contractors included Deepak Goel of M/s Darshan construction, Subhash Chand of M/s Subhash Brothers and Ajay Verma of M/s A S constructions. The court imposed a fine of Rs one lakh each on Brij Pal, Anil Kumar and G P Sharma, who were convicted for the offence of criminal conspiracy and cheating under the IPC and various sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Besides them, the court imposed a fine of Rs 50,000 each on P K Sharma, S S Arya, Ramkesh Meena, Arun Kumar, A K Jain, Subash Chand and Ajay Verma. Contractor Deepak Verma, who was convicted for hatching the criminal conspiracy to cheat the government, was fined Rs 25,000 by the court.In its order, the court said the MCD engineers \"conspired with accused contractors and gave false certificate to the effect that signboards installed by accused contractors Subhash Chand, Ajay Verma and Deepak Goel were as per specifications of NIT.\"\"The Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) engineers by misusing their official positions showed favour to the accused contractors and an attempt has been made by them to cheat the government exchequer,\" the judge said.The CBI had registered the case in February 2005 accusing the MCD engineers of committing bungling in installation of the road signage. The CBI had said the MCD officials and contractor Deepak Goel cheated the government to the tune of Rs 1.41 lakh while contractor Subhash Chand and Ajay Verma attempted to cheat the government of Rs 6.28 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14118285", "title": "Mehdi Hassan mesmerized from his first note: Talat Aziz", "text": "They shared a guru-shagird relationship and performed together in many concerts. \"Khan sahib's (Mehdi Hassan's ) death is a personal loss,\" says his grieving disciple, Talat Aziz.\"We last shared a stage in 2000. By then he was suffering from osteo-arthritis and was in Kerala for treatment. I was to perform in Mumbai and flew him down. I insisted he sing, but he made me sing his favourite numbers,\" says the ghazal singer.Aziz says his guru mesmerized audiences from his opening note: \"Unke pehle sur se hee sannata ho jata thaa. As a teacher, he would point out errors saying: Sa se sam tak sur lagna chahiye (From the first to the last note you should be in tune). For me, he was a star. There will never be another Mehdi Hassan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14111379", "title": "Star bus driver ends life in vehicle", "text": "NAGPUR: A star bus driver, who was in his late 30s, committed suicide by hanging from a parked vehicle at Narsala depot near the Pipla gate.Sanjay Nayanwar used his scarf to hang from the air-ventilation cover inside the bus which was parked a few days ago. The body of the Vansh Nimay Infra projects private limited employee was spotted on Wednesday.Nayanwar's brother is a cop posted at the Kondhali police station. He said that Nayanwar was addicted to liquor. Nayanwar's wife Aruna was upset with his drinking habit and left him a few days ago.Sources said that Nayanwar was last seen on duty on May 30. He was on leave since then. Nayanwar was not traceable for the last couple of days.Hudkeshwar police registered a case of accidental death. No suicide note was found. Cops said that prima facie it seems that the man ended his life due to depression.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "14105026", "title": "CBI court denies bail to Yeddyurappa, kin in illegal mining case; ex-CM hopes for HC respite", "text": "BANGALORE: The threat of arrest loomed large over former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa , both his sons and a son-in-law, as a special CBI court on Wednesday rejected the anticipatory bail petitions filed by him and his family members in connection with an illegal mining case.Special CBI judge R Venkata Sudarshan dismissed two anticipatory bail petitions, one filed by Yeddyurappa, and another by his sons BY Raghavendra and BY Vijayendra and their brother-in-law Sohan Kumar.CBI is investigating charges of bribery against Yeddyurappa on a Supreme Court directive. Payments made by a Jindal group company to a trust run by Yeddyurappa's sons and a mining baron, R Praveen Chandra, to firms owned by the two brothers in return for favours, including grant of mining licences and denotification of prime land acquired in violation of rules, are under the CBI scanner.The CBI judge said that he rejected anticipatory bail to the four applicants given \"the magnitude of the case\" and to ensure \"free and fair investigation\". The 75-page order also said that the CBI's concern about Yeddyurappa and Raghavendra, a sitting MP, being \"influential persons\" could not be discounted. \"But mere rejection of anticipatory bail cannot be a ground for arrest,\" the judge said.Within hours of the special court rejecting their petitions, lawyers for Yeddyurappa made a futile bid to mention the issue before the high court but the judge Subhash B Adi said the matter could be taken up on Thursday.CBI sources, however, said there were no immediate plans to arrest Yeddyurappa or his family members. They only said that \"appropriate steps\" will be taken.The court's rejection of Yeddyurappa's anticipatory bail has apparently disheartened the former CM, who blamed it all on his fate. Yeddyurappa was alone and had confined himself to a room in his Race Course residence when news of the court decision came in.A BJP MLA, who was in Yeddyurappa's residence at that time, said Yeddyurappa preferred not to talk to anyone including his family members. \"Yeddyurappa did not come out of the room for a long time. Finally when he did, we (legislators) did not have the courage to console him. He just blamed it all on his fate,\" the MLA said.Yeddyurappa, who is now pinning hopes on the HC where he has filed an anticipatory bail plea, will also have to contend with the fact that both his sons and a son-in-law are likely to be arrested this time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14118548", "title": "Student Federation of India's secretariat march receives poor response from youth", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The secretariat march called by the SFI(Student Federation of India), the students' wing of the CPM, to protest the UDF (United Democratic Front) government's alleged attempt to scuttle the probe into the murder of its leader Aneesh Rajan, evoked a tepid response on Wednesday.On Monday, the march organized by the SFI in Kollam had turned violent.On Wednesday, however, the city police barricaded the south gate of the secretariat and were ready with water cannons to dissuade trouble makers.When the march reached the secretariat gate, the 200-odd SFI activists took to their heels. Cops were amused as the leaders tried to draw the students back. The rally, by then, had only 92 activists and they were outnumbered by the police.People familiar with the protest scene in the capital say the SFI's secretariat marches, usually, are attended by 500 to 2,000 students. The state secretary P Biju admitted there was lack of participation.''When media concoct stories against the party, it would have a negative impact on the youth. As for our activists running away, it was just a natural reaction. They are young and lack experience. You cannot assess the SFI's strength based on isolated incidents,'' said Biju. He said he had given specific instructions to the youth not to go overboard.The city police were, however, surprised by the incident.''We had put everything in place considering the history of SFI marches. Never before have we seen such a dwindled SFI cadre taking part in the protest. We also didn't have to do anything. More than half of them ran away. The rest pushed and shouted at us. Later they settled down for the speech. This was very unlikely of SFI,'' a police official who was in charge of the security around the secretariat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14123340", "title": "Asin was supposed to be named as Mary", "text": "Very few know that Asin's father was keen to name her as Mary, after her grandmother. He however named her Asin as the name had a beautiful meaning. Asin means 'pure' or 'blemishless'. It is believed that a dam next to the actresses' house is called Asin dam that inspired her father to name her the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14108260", "title": "Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation to provide uniforms to employees", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After a long time, Gujarat State Road Transport Corporation (GSRTC) would buy uniform cloth for its employees \u2014 mainly conductors and drivers. The uniforms were not being made available to the staff since last eight years, said a senior government official.The GSRTC employees union had been making repeated requests for uniforms for quite some time now, but the department had claimed it did not have sufficient funds. \"We welcome the GSRTC move as many of the drivers were getting their clothes stitched on their own. Due to constant wear, we needed a replacement almost every year. This was not affordable to us,\" says a driver with GSRTC. Nursing staff salary raised: After prolonged protests, the temporary nursing staff in AMC-run hospitals has won demanded salary hike.The employees had been demanding that a their monthly salaries be hiked from Rs 7,000 to Rs 10,000. A representation to the VS Hospital board and the AMC commissioner had talked about rising inflation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107486", "title": "Sajjan\u2019s plea in \u201984 riots: HC tells CBI to reply", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Wednesday sought CBI's reply in Congress leader Sajjan Kumar's petition against an order passed by a trial court in an anti-Sikh riots' case.Kumar has challenged the order dismissing his plea to use one of the victim's statements before the judicial commissions as defence. \"You file a short reply to the petition,\" Justice S P Garg said while fixing the next hearing for July 3. He said there is no urgency to rush to the high court during vacation as the trial judge has fixed the matter for hearing on July 13.The court was hearing the case against Sajjan Kumar and five others for inciting mobs against the Sikh community during the 1984 riots.Kumar's plea was dismissed on June 2 by the trial court, which said witness Jagdish Kaur's statements to the judicial commissions cannot be used for any purpose, including that of discrediting her testimony or impeaching her.Kumar had argued that he be allowed to use the affidavits and statements of Kaur, given earlier to the judicial commissions that probed the riots, for challenging her recent testimony and bringing out the contradictions. The former Delhi MP filed an application opposing the CBI prosecutor's contention that Jagdish Kaur's affidavits and statement to G T Nanavati and Ranganath Mishra Commissions cannot be used because of contradictions. CBI had said according to provisions of Commission of Inquiry Act, the affidavits and statements of a witness given before any commission cannot be used against her for the purpose of questioning her testimony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "14124180", "title": "Postmaster who does not post letters in Indore", "text": "INDORE: Sending letter to your beloved one will reach the destination or not, is a big question. Vide, is a senior postmaster who carried bags filled with undelivered letters to his house.The incident came to the fore when vigilance officials of the department of posts conducted raid and recovered bags filled with undelivered letters. In the preliminary interrogation, the post master claimed that he took the letters to his house only because it comes on the way.The senior postmaster is G C Gupta whose house the vigilance team raided few days and found bags full of dispatched letters. Gupta is posted as senior post master at General Post Office, Indore.It is believed that officials of the department fed the vigilance officers and informed them about Gupta. Following them, the official conducted raid to ascertain the truth.Talking to media, Gupta defended his part saying that the mail was opened late and it was to be dispatched through railway mail service, so he took it with him. It was found at home because, his house comes between GPO and RMS depot, he defended.In the bag, there were various kinds of letters including marriage cards, letters related to examination and others.People could have missed being with their near an dsear ones and many students might have missed important examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14105795", "title": "Hitman becomes an IPS officer in movie", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Once they saw him as a goon being produced before a court in connection with a notorious murder case. But now, they watch him in awe, in the garb of an IPS officer.It is not the conventional storyline of any recent flick. But it is actually what the people in Kuttanand experienced when they saw Om Prakash, the accused in the sensational Paul Muthoot murder case, arrive in their midst to play the role of an IPS officer in a Malayalam movie.The shooting of the movie, 'Pakaram', directed by Sree Vallabhan, is currently on in and around Kuttanad.It was in 2009 that Paul Muthoot George of the multi-crore Muthoot Group was stabbed to death in Kuttanad and Om Prakash, who accompanied Paul in a car, was arrested by the police in connection with the murder.\"There were hundreds of people watching when Om Prakash was produced by the police before the Ramankari court in September 2009. Now, he has come to Kuttanad to act as a police officer in a movie. It is really amusing,\" said Sajeesh S, a native of Kuttanad.Om Prakash told TOI that he was also very happy as he could reach Kuttanad as an IPS officer. \"People here once saw me as a goon and an accused in a murder case. However, later they understood my innocence when the CBI officials who probed the case found that I had no role in the murder,\" Om Prakash said.\"I have come here for a four-day shoot. The name of my character is Ravi Shankar , IPS. The director of the film is my friend and initially he had offered me the role of a journalist. He had first approached actor Prakash Raj for the role of Ravi Shankar. However Raj could not take up the role due to other commitments. Following this, the director chose me for the role,\" he said. \"I want to focus on the film industry. I have already committed some films and discussions are on for future projects. I am not a goon and I want to live the life of an ordinary youth. Some people had deliberately trapped me in the murder case. Paul was my close friend and I did not have any role in his murder,\" he said.'Pakaram' is a movie based on a real life incident that happened in Kannur. \"Safia, the mother of Mohammad Fayas, who was killed in an encounter in Jammu and Kashmir, had virtually denounced her son for his alleged extremist links and anti-national activities. This is the theme of the film,\" said actor Siddique, who is doing a major role in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14110463", "title": "Almost 700 SSC schools score a perfect 100%", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the massive fall in the number of 90% and above scorers in the SSC results flattened the hopes of several on Wednesday, more schools were happy to join the cent per cent bandwagon this year. Last year, 511 schools had managed this feat whereas this time round, 682 schools boasted a perfect score.For Hansraj Morarji Public School, this was the fourth year in a row of scoring 100% results. \"Even though 90% scorers in our school dropped drastically this time, majority of our students got a distinction and very few were in the pass class. Most of our students complained that the Science paper was very tough but still they managed to help the school achieve cent per cent results. It feels good to retain the status year after year,\" said Anjana Prakash, principal of the school. The highest score in this school stood at 94.18%.At New Era High School, Grant Road, 16% of the class scored over 90%. \"We are proud of our students because not only did they all manage to pass, but one of them scored a staggering 100% this year. This makes the feat extra special,\" said Malati Renjen, principal of the school.Authorities of Fr Agnel Multipurpose School in Vashi, too, had twin reasons to celebrate. Their cent per cent result was backed by a student's perfect 100% score. \"Students these days take board exams very seriously and ensure that nothing come in the way of scoring well and this shows in our results,\" said principal Fr S Almeida.However, of the 682 schools that managed this feat, most schools had less than 30 students appearing for the exam. \"There are many schools through which students appear for the exams as private students. Some had as few as five students appearing for the paper and all have passed,\" said a senior official from Mantralaya. He added that across the state, more than 2,500 schools got 100% success rate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120587", "title": "North East industry bodies plead Centre not to cap transport subsidy scheme", "text": "GUWAHATI: Industry bodies in the northeast have asked the Centre not to limit the quantum of transport subsidy scheme (TSS) under the North-East Industrial and Investment Promotion Policy, 2007 (NEIIPP). The Centre is contemplating doing so in view of allegations of large-scale leakages in the scheme.The united demand of the region's industry bodies has been placed in the two-day mid-term appraisal of the NEIIPP beginning Wednesday here.The industrial bodies - Federation of Industry and Commerce of North eastern Region (FINER), North Eastern Small Scale Industries Association (NESSIA) and All Assam Small Scale Industries Association (AASSIA) - in a memorandum to Singh requested him not to put a cap the transport subsidy.\"We understand that TSS is being amended. We would like to request that while there should be no cap whatsoever either on the quantum of TSS or on the transportation cost of raw material,\" the industry bodies stated in their joint memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104447", "title": "Ghazal maestro Mehdi Hassan passes away", "text": "NEW DELHI: His music soared above borders. Mehdi Hassan, arguably the greatest ghazal singer, passed away at a Karachi hospital on Wednesday, ravaged by failing lungs and a host of other ailments, leaving music lovers in both India and Pakistan with a deep sense of loss of a shared heritage. He was 84.Singer Lata Mangeshkar had described his richly-textured voice loaded with meaning and melody as \"the voice of god.\" On Wednesday, a tweet said, \"It seems gods have taken a sudden liking to ghazals.\" Coming after Jagjit Singh's death last year, it wasn't surprising that Hassan's demise had triggered the thought.\"It's a setback to ghazal gayiki (singing). He was a school of singing. Just like Dilip-Raj-Dev influenced a generation of actors, similarly Mehdi Hassan's style influenced most ghazal singers,\" says Urdu poet Nida Fazli. \"Hassan globalised ghazal. He used verses written by poets from both sides of the border. He even brought out an album of ghazals written by Ganesh Bihari \"Tarz\" from Uttar Pradesh.\"Bhimsen Joshi was a great admirer of the ghazal maestro. The feeling was mutual. Once when Joshi arrived at a Hassan concert in Pune, the latter got off the stage and warmly embraced him. Hassan then proceeded to sing one of Joshi's favourites, \"Zindagi mein to sabhi pyaar kiya karte hain.\" Born in 1927, Mehdi Hassan belonged to Luna village in Rajasthan's Jhunjhunu district. It is said his ancestors were once court singers of Amer who later migrated to the Shekhawati region. Later they started performing in the courts of the Mandwa nobles. The family migrated to Pakistan during Partition. It is said he also worked in a bicycle shop and as a car mechanic in his youth. Accounts differ as to who really groomed Hassan into a refined singer - his father Azim Khan or uncle Ismail Khan , the latter a student from Bhatkhande College, Lucknow. Hassan mastered a wide range of vocal styles: dhrupad, khayal, thumri and dadra. He started out as a classical singer on Radio Pakistan in Karachi but soon switched to ghazals.Singer Bhupinder remembers Hassan not only as a great singer of ghazals but also of Pakistani film songs. \"His rendition was refined, the style soulful, and his diction immaculate. Unki aawaz mein taiyaari (mature) bhi thi aur thahrav (stillness) bhi ,\" he says.Hassan valued the praise he received from Indians. He once said, \"Jo haq Pakistanion ko meri ghazlon pe hai, wohi Hindustaniyon ko bhi hai. Unhone mujhe kum pyaar nahi diya.\"In 2001, Hassan suffered a paralytic stroke. When Prime Minister Atal Behari Vajpayee wrote him a letter praying for his speedy recovery, he expressed his desire to visit his ancestral village. More recently, he had planned to meet Lata Mangeshkar, Dilip Kumar and Amitabh Bachchan - a desire that remained unfulfiled. In the last few years, a lung infection had robbed him of his voice. Fazli says, \"I saw him at Karachi last year where I had gone to attend a mushaira. He couldn't speak or walk. He silently watched the programme.\" Hassan married twice and is survived by 14 children: nine sons and five daughters.SUPER SIX GHAZALS1. Ranjish hi sahi (Poet, Ahmed Faraz)2. Patta patta boota boota (Mir Taqi Mir)3. Zindagi mein to sabhi (Qateel Shifai)4. Gulon mein rang bhare (Faiz Ahmed Faiz)5. Dekhto dil ke jaan se uthta hai (Mir Taqi Mir)6. Abke hum bichhde to khwabon mein mile (Ahmed Faraz)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14105587", "title": "Mamata Banerjee govt offers IT park status to Infosys", "text": "KOLKATA: In its bid to woo Infosys Technologies to the state, the Mamata Banerjee government has offered the IT bellwether the status of a software technology park (STP) instead of the SEZ status demanded by it.State IT minister Partha Chatterjee met Infosys' Odisha unit head Niladri Misra on Wednesday and put forward a number of alternative proposals, including taking the STP route. He also offered the company the option of becoming a co-developer in any of the existing SEZs or alternative space in any of these. \"We had a fruitful discussion today. I have given him (Misra) a few proposals to start their unit in the state,\" the minister told TOI after the meeting.The Software Technology Park of India (STPI) scheme, launched in the early Nineties, played a significant role in establishing India as an IT superpower but was withdrawn by the government on March 31, 2011. Chatterjee said he had shown the Infosys official a copy of the letter the state government has sent to the Centre seeking extension of the STPI scheme.Partha Chatterjee said, \"Around a month ago, our chief minister had a word with Anand Sharma (Union commerce minister). After that we sent a letter to the Centre seeking extension of the STPI scheme. We are waiting for a response. If we get it, we will route Infosys into our state through STPI.\" The STPI scheme provides IT companies with a host of tax benefits, the industries minister added.\"We are trying hard to retain their investment in the state. Their official listened to us thoroughly. He said they would get back to us after a detailed discussion at the highest level,\" he said.Officials said it wasn't the STPI scheme but sections 10 (a) and (b) \u2014 which pertain to income-tax benefits under STPI \u2014 that were withdrawn, and the state government wants those benefits to help it woo Infosys. The officials indicated that the state government had no problem with the STPI scheme as, unlike in an SEZ, it follows the state's labour laws and comes under the government of India's information technology department. Under the STPI, employees also have the right to form trade unions, which is not so in case of special economic zones (SEZs).Binod Hampapur, senior vice-president and global head, commercial and corporate relations of Infosys had told TOI in an e-mail response in April that the company had \"put the Kolkata project on hold for the time being\" and would \"review (it) and proceed at an appropriate time\". Earlier, Hampapur had clearly said after a meeting with Chatterjee on February 29 that the project would not be possible without the SEZ status.Infosys, which has taken 50 acres in Rajarhat for Rs 1.5 crore per acre for the project, made full payment last October. However, its project hit a stumbling bloc when the Mamata government refused it SEZ status saying it is 'in-principle' against the policy on special economic zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "14113003", "title": "Cancer stole her vision but Bhakti remained focused", "text": "NAGPUR: She lost one of her eyes as an infant due to cancer and another one at the age of 14, but Bhakti Ghatole kept true to her name and never lost faith. Today Bhakti, who is from Mount Carmel (Ajni branch) has topped the city in the visually handicapped category with 93.45%, a score which would rival even the best in the general category.Said Bhakti: \"I learnt Braille in Std VI and later studied computer operations. With the help of Jawa software I read and studied all the course material. I also used Abrar which is a recorder to study languages. My home tutors have helped me a lot to clear my doubts. My motto in life has been 'your efforts may fail but don't fail to make efforts'.\"There were minor irritants along the way as well such as power failure. When her computer failed, Bhakti was helpless. \"But that is all part of life I guess, we all have our major and minor problems. I feel that the computer is a very useful gadget and everyone should be updated with the latest technology,\" she said.For strength through tough times, she relied on Yoga and thanked her teacher Rambhau Khandwe. Bhakti wants to become an IAS officer and is determined to emerge successful in life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14109415", "title": "DMK man\u2019s election set aside, poll officers fined", "text": "CHENNAI: The election of a DMK candidate from the erstwhile Ilayangudi assembly constituency in 2009 was set aside by the Madras high court on Wednesday, on the ground that the nomination papers of a rival party nominee were rejected on flimsy reasons.Justice V Dhanapalan, setting aside the whole election process including the victory of the DMK's S Mathiarasan in the bypoll held on August 18, 2009, rapped the returning officer as well as the chief electoral officer and imposed a cost of Rs 25,000 on them. The judge said it's for the government to recover the benefits availed by the MLA. He also suggested that the Election Commission impart proper training to its poll personnel to avoid such embarrassment.Mathiarasan's tenure ended in May 2011 and the Ilayangudi assembly seat itself was scrapped during the delimitation of constituencies ahead of the 2011 assembly polls in Tamil Nadu.Justice V Dhanapalan said the Election Commission should appoint returning officers having knowledge of electoral laws and give proper training to them, so that they adhere to the provisions of the Representation of the People Act and the Handbook for Returning Officers. Byelection to the constituency was necessitated after the AIADMK's sitting MLA, Raja Kannappan, resigned to contest as the party's candidate from Sivaganga parliamentary constituency against Union home minister P Chidambaram. Kannappan lost to Chidambaram, and has filed a separate petition questioning the result.Makkal Manadu Katchi candidate K Kalaimani, whose nomination papers were rejected during the scrutiny, challenged the validity of election process in Ilayangudi. Kalaimani's counsel K Sakthivel said his papers were unjustly rejected for a minor discrepancy. The reason cited did not figure among those listed in the returning officers guidebook for rejecting nomination papers, he said.Concurring with his submissions, Justice Dhanapalan said none of the grounds mentioned in the handbook for rejection of nomination paper was available for the returning officer. Though the officer had orally informed Kalaimani that his nomination papers had been rejected on account of discrepancy in the serial numbers of the proposers, no order specifying any such reason was issued to him till date. \"Therefore, it is clear that the officer had acted in an illegal manner and in contravention of the instructions issued by the Election Commission,\" said Justice Dhanapalan.The ground on which the nomination was rejected was so flimsy that such a technical or clerical error could be rectified at the early stage of filing of nomination, the judge said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14120445", "title": "Army rubbishes NSCN(IM)-Assam Rifles links", "text": "IMPHAL: The Army's Red Shield Division has rubbished the claims of NSCN(IM) that Assam Rifles, operating in Manipur's Tamenglong district, has a nexus with Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF).There have been frequent exchange of fire between ZUF and NSCN (IM), resulting in the death of cadres of both sides in Tamenglong since the last one year. These clashes are believed to be over area-domination and control by the two rival rebel groups.The latest gunfight took place in the jungles of Ejeirong in Tamenglong on May 30, killing two ZUF cadres. \"The Assam Rifles, under the Red Shield Division, has a clear mandate of not allowing any armed movement of militant groups in the area under its responsibility,\" said a defence statement. It added that public meetings and pamphlet campaigns, undertaken by the Army division against intimidation of local population by rebel groups, has not only made the people more aware but has also strongly weaned the masses out of the fear psychosis created in their minds by militants, especially NSCN (IM).\"All major incidents of firing and burning down of vehicles on NH-53 last year were perpetrated by NSCN (IM) cadres. It is also interesting to note that civil functionaries and so called finance functionaries of NSCN (IM) were chased out of the Longmai area by locals after the January 24 incident of shooting carried out by NSCN (IM) in Noney,\" said the statement.The allegation of militants using Assam Rifles vehicles and supplied with arms and ammunition is a \"figment of wild imagination of NSCN (IM),\" it said. It iterated the Red Shield Division's stand that no armed movement of any underground group will be allowed and is committed to ensuring peace and harmony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14105069", "title": "CAG hauls up Bengal transport department", "text": "KOLKATA: Same engine numbers entered against two registration numbers. Different chassis numbers entered for the same registration number. Vehicles registered on Saturdays and Sundays. Valuable data lost due to a system crash and the absence of a back-up. These are only a few of the findings of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) in a standalone audit carried out on the collection of motor vehicle taxes, fees and fines by the West Bengal transport department.During the audit, the CAG was not provided any document to establish the stages of implementation of VAHAN and SARATHI, the two softwares developed by the Centre for better monitoring of vehicles. The auditors dug out that a systems crash in the office of the registering authority (RA), South 24-Paraganas, on September 4, 2008, led to the loss of valuable data. The office had not bothered to maintain a back-up.\"The engine number is the unique identification mark of a vehicle. The engine numbers cannot be identical in any two vehicles. However, we found that the same engine number was entered against two different registration numbers in 462 vehicles in 11 RAs. We cross-checked the 'owner' table and 'Motor Vehicle Check' table and found that in 2,635 cases, though the registration numbers were the same, the chassis number or the engine numbers differed in the two tables,\" the report states.The auditors also came to know that in 985 cases (under four RAs), government vehicles were not allotted the specific \"code of 5\". In the case of 68 vehicles registered in the Howrah RA, the date of registration was earlier than the date of purchase of the vehicles by one to 25 days.\"In the case of 2,141 vehicles \u2014 registered in 10 RAs \u2014 the date of registration was found to be either a Saturday or a Sunday and in case of 333 vehicles registered under two RAs, the cash receipt was found to have been issued on a Saturday or Sunday. We found that the dealer tax and showroom inspection fee of Rs 1.08 crore and Rs 1.46 crore respectively could not be realized as the concerned fields were not made mandatory in the system. We noticed in 11 RAs that the tax demand register was not maintained in Form 'J' for monitoring tax collection. Thus, tax of Rs 645.17 crore was not realized from 290,641 vehicles. We found in the database of seven offices that 8,892 transactions had been conducted on Saturdays and Sundays though the offices remain closed on those days,\" the report states.The report, for the year ended March 2010, brings out several such findings about the department. The lack of monitoring and lackadaisical attitude of officials seems to have led to the loss of several hundred crores for the government. Moreover, thousands of vehicles in the state have not been properly registered with the department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "14109379", "title": "Chennai roads to get concrete topping", "text": "CHENNAI: Will the difference be as stark as black and white? Forty bus routes in the city could go from broken-up, black back-breakers to reinforced, white-topped wonders that will make travelling through the city a breeze.Chennai Corporation and the Cement Manufacturers' Association on Wednesday successfully conducted a white-topping experiment on one side of a stretch of Velachery Main Road, laying a concrete top on the existing thoroughfare to test its strength.Corporation officials said a proposal to overlay 40 bus routes with white concrete would soon be placed before the civic body's council for approval. The move comes ahead of the northeast monsoon, which leaves roads in the city potholed and cracked every year.A senior corporation official said the civic body plans to give a concrete top to 367 km of roads in the city at an estimated Rs 583 crore in 2012-2013. Several companies have expressed interest in the proposed project.\"We have conducted a test of the white-top technology on 700 metres of Velachery Main Road,\" a corporation official said. \"If the corporation council approves the plan, we will use this technology on major bus routes.\" The white-top consists of a mix of fly ash, polymeric fibre, cement and sand. This composition offers much more durability than bitumen. The corporation will continue to use a plastic-bitumen mix for ongoing road work.Experts said white-topping roads could increase their lifespan by 25 to 30 years with basic maintenance. They are also likely to be cost effective when compared to bitumen roads, which require frequent maintenance due to wear and tear and waterlogging. \"The main advantage of the technology is that it can be used on existing bitumen roads by bonding without having to dig up the top layer,\" the corporation official said. A road engineer with a private firm said the civic body would need to coordinate with government departments and agencies, TNEB and Metrowater, and have adequate manpower at its disposal to implement the project ahead of the monsoon. \"It takes nearly a month to lay 1 km of concrete road while bitumen roads can be completed within a week,\" he said. \"But concrete roads reach 70% of its final strength in just seven days.\"\"We will come up with a comprehensive plan before white-topping the roads,\" the corporation official said. \"After the roads are laid no digging will be allowed for any reason,\" The white-top technology is widely used in the United States and in European countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "14117906", "title": "Chandy slams civic body over garbage handling", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The tussle between state government and city corporation over the garbage crisis in the city reached a new low on Wednesday with chief minister Oommen Chandy himself unleashing a scathing criticism against corporation authorities.Criticizing the attitude of the corporation, the chief minister said the government is not at all happy with the implementation of source-level waste management programme in the city.\"The primary responsibility of the corporation is to keep the city clean and this is what the panchayat raj rules say. If they fail to discharge their duty, we will see what can be done,\" said Chandy.The chief minister said a directive to speed up the garbage disposal proposal has been given to the city corporation. \"We hope the corporation will act accordingly,\" he said.When asked what the government will do if the civic body fails to act, he replied \"let's wait and see\".\"The corporation was supposed to provide pipe compost units to one lakh families. There had been 33,580 applicants in the first phase and 23,953 of them have already paid their share of 25% of the cost.The remaining 75% will be met by the government. But, till date, only 7,158 houses were given pipe compost units. The money spent for the whole project is only Rs. 6 lakh,\" said Chandy during the post-cabinet press briefing on Wednesday.When the mayor's remark that the process is a difficult task was raised before the chief minister, Chandy said he was relieved that she didn't say the government hadn't released funds for the project. Chief secretary K Jayakumar had summoned the corporation secretary E Devadas the other day and conveyed the government's displeasure on how the corporations functioned.It is learnt that the government asked the corporation to clear the garbage heaps in the city in two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "14108240", "title": "Cabinet nod for investments worth 8808cr", "text": "JAIPUR: The state cabinet on Wednesday paved way for an investment of Rs 8,808 crore in the Rajasthan by clearing 10 proposals for special benefits and facilities. The investments would be made in several sectors, including power, cement, steel, automobiles and pharmaceuticals, and generate direct employment for more than 5,500 people.\"The single window system in the state has ensured easy flow of investments to the state. The state cabinet has given its nod to customised packages for 10 proposals, which would bring into the state an investment of nearly Rs 9 crore,'' said chief minister Ashok Gehlot , while interacting with the media after the cabinet meeting at the chief minister's office.Among the proposals cleared, Gehlot mentioned the names of Nirma Group and Cadila Pharmaceuticals, saying it was a big thing for the state.When pointed out by journalists that both are Gujarat-based firms, he said, \"Gujarat is all about marketing. They are better in marketing as compared to investment itself. Be it Resurgent Rajasthan or Vibrant Gujarat, only 10 per cent of the investments discussed have actually come in. We work but they (Gujarat) market better,'' the chief minister said.Giving details about the investments, state industries minister Rajendra Pareek said the proposals have been cleared on the condition of accountability and are bound by time. \"The projects are all environmental friendly, based on advance technology and the investments done all transparent. From pharmaceuticals to steel and cement to energy - investments are flowing in all sectors,'' Pareek claimed.When asked about the impact of power cuts on the investment prospects, he said, \"Power cuts are temporary and they are only because of the shortage of power and the heat wave in the northern region.'' He emphasised that only serious players and proposals would be entertained by the state government and said this was the first time that the state had received investments in sectors like fertilizers, earth-moving machines and pharmaceuticals.Pareek further said Cadila would invest Rs 500 crore in the second phase and the proposals cleared for Active Pharmaceuticals Ingredients (API) and formulation manufacturing plant by Cadila in Udaipur will ensure 70% investment subsidy along with a 5% employment subsidy, beside the benefits as per provisions of the RIPS-2010.He added that Perto SA Perifericos Automacao, Jaipur, would set up an ATM and cash dispenser machine (CDM.) Manufacturing units get 55% investment subsidy and 20% employment generation subsidy while Lubock Industries Pvt Ltd, Sikar, would be provided with 70% investment subsidy and 5% employment subsidy for producing ingots/billets from mill scale waste.Apart from clearing the investment proposals, the cabinet also gave its green signal on allotment of 55.92 acre additional land for Manipal University in Jaipur and changing the name of TB &amp; Chest Hospital, Jaipur as 'Institute of Respiratory Diseases'.The ministers also approved the proposal for amendment in the Rajasthan Government Servants' General Provident Fund Rules, 1997. After the amendment, an account holder/an IAS officer of Rajasthan cadre on retirement shall have the option of contributing his PF account with the department for any period to deposit pensionary benefits. An account holder or the IAS officer of Rajasthan cadre whose account has been closed shall also be eligible to get his/her account revived and continue with the deposits. This facility shall also be available to the retired judges of the Rajasthan High Court as their option.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "14119358", "title": "Samarjitsinh to be coronated as next Maharaja on June 22", "text": "VADODARA: Barodians will get their new maharaja this month. Son of late Ranjitsinh Gaekwad Samarjitsinh will be coronated on June 22 at Laxmi Vilas Palace. The official ceremony will be done by the royal priest.Samarjitsinh is the only son of Ranjitsinh and he was next in line for the 'gaadi'. Sources close to the family said the ceremony will be a family affair, but important guests will also be invited.\"We are still working out the details of the function. The coronation ceremony will be done according to family traditions. It will include elaborate puja, wherein Samarjitsinh will assume the gaadi, a family source said.The royal family is expected to make official announcement of the coronation ceremony in next couple of days. For the royal family, it will be a momentous occasion after they lost Ranjitsinh to kidney cancer last month. The coronation is usually done after the 13-day mourning period. However, the Gaekwad family was waiting for the right time as the planetary arrangement was not auspicious for the succession ceremony. Royal family priest Dhruv Dutt had earlier told TOI that the coronation ceremony would happen after mid-June.A source close to the family said Samarjitsinh's coronation would be similar to Ranjitsinh's coronation that happened over two decades ago after his elder brother Fatehsinhrao Gaekwad's demise.Traditionally, the puja takes place with the successor and his wife sitting on a silver seat called 'bhadraasan'. Samarjitsinh and his wife Radhikaraje are expected to fast over the two days during which special prayers would be recited in the gaadi hall. Earlier, the ceremony would last for four-five days during which the king was required to keep a fast, but now the period has been reduced to two days.Samarjitsinh would then be led to the gaadi amid chanting of prayers and he will perform all ceremonies along with his wife. Late Ranjitsinh's wife Shubhanginiraje, too, is expected to attend the ceremony.Sources said invitations will be sent to the royal families in and outside Gujarat. And, guests will offer gifts to the newly anointed maharaja when he is coronated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107621", "title": "Treat missing kids as a national crisis, Chidambaram told", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The parents of missing children met Union home minister P Chidambaram on Wednesday and demanded that the Union home ministry treat the issue as a national problem. Under the banner of 'Search My Child', they met the union minister at AMA. The parents gave a memorandum to Chidambaram.\"We as a group want to request you to look into the matter as a national problem. Thousand of children fall prey to human trafficking and are forced into flesh trade or are made to work as labourers,\" they said in the memorandum. They said that their search for the missing children began after 11-year-old Vishwa Patel went missing in January. They formed an association to launch a sustained campaign to trace the missing children. During this, they said, they realized that there were over 2,700 children who had gone missing over a period of five years in the state but neither the state government nor the police had made any effort to search these children.According to them, the state police carried out a drive and found 637 children only after the association stepped up pressure and the media highlighted the issue. The association said that in almost all cases the children who go missing are moved to other states. \"Due to lack of coordination between police forces of two states, these children are not traced,'' they said. The association demanded that the Union government form a national-level agency on the lines of National Investigation Agency (NIA) to tackle the issue of missing children. Earlier, before Chidambaram arrived, supporters of Anna Hazare raised banners and national flags to register protest against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "14119925", "title": "Naveen takes stock of Rath preparations", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday met the Puri district administration to take stock of the preparations for Rath Yatra to be celebrated from June 21. Naveen said crowd control, pilgrims' accommodation, health and security should be given prime importance.\"The district administration should ensure that the pilgrims do not face any inconvenience. Focus should be given on security, health and hygiene aspects,\" Naveen said. The chief minister urged the Jagannath temple priests to start and complete rituals of deities on Rath Yatra on time. He also directed the health department to depute adequate number of doctors in Puri during the nine-day mega festival.Health department officials informed that more than 55 temporary health service centres would be set up in Puri and its outskirts. \"Since it will be difficult to take somebody to hospital through the packed grand road, we will set up health centres at various places. Adequate number of doctors, nurses and health workers will be deployed at the district headquarters hospital. We will also increase the number of beds at the hospital for a temporary period,\" a health official said.Chief secretary B K Patnaik asked the Puri civic body and works department to keep the city clean ahead of the festival. Temple's chief administrator and revenue divisional commissioner Arvind Padhee stressed on uninterrupted power supply and cleanliness around the temple.Puri SP Anup Kumar Sahoo said foolproof security measures have been planned. Last year, priests and police had engaged in a scuffle on the second day of the festival, in which many devotees and priests were injured. A number of ministers, including the Puri MP and MLA were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "14106448", "title": "New freshwater fish found in Kerala rivers", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: A new freshwater fish, Pristolepis Rubripinnis was discovered from Pampa and Chalakudy rivers in Kerala during a collaborative taxonomic study carried out by Indian and British ichthyologists, on Wednesday.The study was led by Ralf Britz of Natural History Museum, London and K Krishnakumar of Ashoka Trust for Research in Ecology and the Environment (Atree), Alappuzha and Fibin Baby of Conservation Research Group (CRG), St Albert's College, Kochi.Krishnakumar told TOI they published this study report on Wednesday. \"At present, only four species of the genus Pristolepis are considered to be valid and Pristolepis Rubripinnis differs from all other species by its colour pattern. The genus Pristolepis comprise moderate-sized (15-20cm) fishes and restricted to freshwater streams in Southern India and most of Indochina and the Sunda Islands,\" he said.\"At present, 189 species of endemic freshwater fishes have been reported from the Western Ghats. We need to conduct more studies on the fishes of Western Ghats. The discovery of a second species of Pristolepis in the southern part of the Western Ghats comes 163 years after Thomas Jerdon described Pristolepis Maginatus from the erstwhile Malabar,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14104738", "title": "Karun Chandhok gets ready for Le Mans test", "text": "NEW DELHI: The pinnacle for every tennis player is performing in a Grand Slam and a parallel to that for any race driver has to be showcasing his skills at either Monaco, Indianapolis or Le Mans. Karun Chandhok will get a chance to tick off one of those aspirations from his list as he gets ready to take part in the Le Mans 24 hours race this weekend.Karun shifted base from Formula One to World Endurance Championship earlier this year, joining the JRM Racing. Now he is all set to become the first Indian to compete in the famous Le Mans race. Narain Karthikeyan had qualified for the 2009 race but wrenched his shoulder clambering over the pit wall to get to a 'toilet'. Chandhok will then be careful about avoiding such mishaps.\"Le Mans will be a huge box to pick on my CV. So many great names have competed in this race before like Michael Schumacher and they keep coming back for more,\" an excited Karun told TOI from Le Mans on Wednesday.\"We came here about two weeks ago and have been preparing for the race ever since. It takes about three and a half minutes to complete a lap on this track - that's like double the size of Spa-Francorchamps. I have driven on the simulator as well as cycled around the track over the last few days to pick up some tips,\" he added.The 24 hours Le Mans is the oldest running endurance race in the world, since its inception in 1923. It is organised by the Automobile Club de l'Ouest (ACO) and runs on the Circuit de la Sarthe, with a mix of closed public roads and specialist circuit meant not only to test a car and driver's ability to be quick, but also to last over a 24 hour period.From one end of the track to the other, the length is about 14 km and one of the concerns over the weekend will be unpredictable weather conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "14120885", "title": "Lightening kills four in south Gujarat", "text": "SURAT: Lightening took four lives on Wednesday evening in Palsana and Valod Taluka of Surat and Tapi district. Two among the four killed were women and a 13-year-old boy.Large number of trees and roofs of temporary dwellings were uprooted following the high speed winds turned in to a small storm, on Valod- Mahua road of Tapi district some 50 km off Surat city.According to the official sources, in an incident that occurred on Dhamdhol -Soyani road, in Palsana taluka of Surat district, on Wednesday evening, 12-year-old Imtiyaz Multani and 42-year-old Ramesh Halpati were stuck with lightening while they were standing under a tree to protect themselves from gushing winds and rains.Halpati was passing by on a bi-cycle and had taken a shelter under the tree where as Multani's father had taken a mango orchard on contract and the boy was enjoying mangoes , when the incident took place.In another incident, a 47-year-old woman Jashu Gamit in Bedkuva village of Valod taluka was stuck by lightening when she went out of her kitchen to pick up woods. Her husband Jashwant Gamit also sustained injuries.In third incident of late evening, Somi Valvi, 40 was stuck by thunder and lightening at Khata amba village of Vasda Taluka of Navsari district. She had ventured out to fill up drinking water pots for the family with her friend Mangli Vejal , 30, also sustained injuries. Songadh and Valod taluka of Tapi district recorded 35 and 19 mm of rains where as Saputara and Wagai in Dangs received rains late in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14119751", "title": "Govt to ink MoU for solar plant today", "text": "RANCHI: The state government will sign the memorandum of understanding (MoU) for setting up the first mega solar power plant of Jharkhand on Thursday.The state government had given permission to the US-based Bal Moral Capital Holding and Cross Industry Solution Inc to set up a 100 MW solar power plant in the state a couple of months back. The plant will be set up with an investment of around Rs 2,200 crore.Sources in the chief minister's office said the US company had expressed desire to set up the plant that would be environment-friendly.Representatives of the company Ketan Bhatt and Rakesh Chandela will be present at the MoU signing ceremony at the secretariat. \"The power plant will fulfil the requirement of the tribal areas for getting electricity with zero pollution and will also create job opportunity for hundreds of skilled youths who will be employed in the plant,\" said a source. Along with the MoU, the state government will also sign a power purchase agreement.Chandela said they had identified a few spots in Kolkhan division for setting up the plant. \"We are eyeing a place in Chakradhapur area and expect that construction work of the plant will start soon,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "14109588", "title": "National Fishworkers Forum wants ban extended", "text": "PANAJI: The National Fishworkers Forum has declared that it will be opposing the grant of permits to foreign fishing vessels and demanded that these be revoked.Goemchea Ramponkarancho Ekvott (GRE) which also participated in the NFF executive committee meeting held in Panaji , said they will be seeking restoration of Goa's kerosene quota which had been recently decreased by the Centre.Agnelo Rodrigues, president of GRE, said they also want the monsoon fishing ban to be increased to a minimum of 60 days from the present 45 days.\"We want the fishing ban to be for a minimum period of 60 days,\" said Rodrigues while adding that \"it should actually be for 90 days (which is the stand of the NFF).\"The forum has also said it will protest against the nuclear power plant in Tamil Nadu and felt that such plants should not be permitted in fishing belt areas.Vasudev Boloor, secretary of NFF, said, \"We are against overfishing. There should be no fishing in the territorial waters.\"The NFF has also stated that diesel subsidy should be given only for small and traditional fishermen and not trawlers.Besides, GRE has also called for strict enforcement of the rule preventing trawlers from operating within 5km from the shoreline.On the permits issued to foreign fishing vessels by the Union government, 540 foreign permits were in use and 77 fresh permits have been issued, said Malisa Simoes, general secretary of GRE. The NFF also disclosed that they will elect their new chairperson to replace late Matanhy Saldanha at their general body meeting in December in Puducherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14108201", "title": "Sexual harassment case: National Institute of Design gets court notice", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court on Wednesday asked the National Institute of Design (NID) to state whether it has constituted a committee as per the Supreme Court's guidelines against sexual harassment at workplace.Justice K S Jhaveri questioned the premier institute in connection with the petition filed by NID's faculty member with its apparel and merchandising department, Deepa Chlke (38).She has claimed the institute terminated her contract apparently for making a complaint for sexual harassment against a warden at the Gandhinagar campus. She also alleged that the institute did not handle the issue in a sensitive manner and arbitrarily passed marching order merely because she approached police.The HC has stayed the institute from vacating her quarter. Chalke's counsel Mukul Sinha contended that the institute should have handled the issue in a just manner, but procedure, as laid down by the SC in Vishakha's case, was not followed. The court asked the institute to elaborate on this aspect, and NID's counsel sought time to address the court. Further hearing has been kept on June 22.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107402", "title": "East corporation wants merger of Trans-Yamuna board", "text": "NEW DELHI: Upset with the alleged step motherly treatment given to East Delhi Municipal Corporation, the ruling BJP now wants that the Trans-Yamuna Vikas Board be amalgamated with the corporation.\"When a corporation is being carved out of the unified MCD only for the Trans-Yamuna region then what is the need to have two agencies working with the same goal. Either they should raze this board or it should become a part of the corporation,\" said Mehek Singh, chairman of the standing committee, East corporation.The corporation plans to write to the LG on this matter. \"There is no need for the board. It is being suggested that the board be merged,\" said mayor Annapurna Misra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "14110019", "title": "Lucknow records highest temperature in seven years", "text": "LUCKNOW: Heatwave conditions intensified in the state during last 24 hours. On Wednesday, if Lucknow recorded hottest day of summer after 2005, Allahabad was the hottest city in the country. While the maximum temperature in the Lucknow was 45.4 degrees Celsius, six degrees above normal, in Allahabad mercury soared to 46.5 degrees Celsius, seven degrees above normal. There is no relief likely in near future. In fact, the temperatures may rise by 1-2 degrees further during the next 24 hours. The possibilities of dust and thunder storms are less. The good news, however, is that the monsoon currents which were static since June 6 have started moving again and conditions are favourable for further advancement. The weatherman predicted that the change in conditions in UP are expected from June 18 with the change in wind pattern from westerly to easterly.Similar weather conditions were reported from other parts of the state. After Allahabad it was Lucknow, which was followed by Banda with 45. 4 degrees Celsius, Hamirpur 45.2 degrees Celsius, Rae Bareli, Sultanpur, Kanpur and Ballia recorded 45 degrees Celsius each. State Met director JP Gupta said that there will be no significant change in the conditions for next 48 hours. However, he said, that weather is expected to change from June 18. At present, hot and dry winds coming from Rajasthan are lashing the state. However, from June 18, moisture laden easterly winds are expected to make their way into the state, which would bring down the temperatures by a few degrees and may also result in thunderstorms. The exact prediction of monsoon arrival would be possible in next 2-3 days.The normal date of arrival of monsoon in India is June 1, in UP -- June 15 and in Lucknow -- June 18. But this year, monsoon arrived four days late in India. Thereafter, it advanced rapidly for couple of days but lost steam on June 6 and was static since till Tuesday. The movement started again on Wednesday. According to Met department, on Wednesday, the monsoon advanced further into some parts of Maharashtra, interior Karnataka, most parts of Tamil Nadu and Bay of Bengal. And, it stated that the conditions are favourable for further advance of monsoon into remaining parts of central Arabian Sea, Konkan, Tamil Nadu, more parts of Maharashtra, Karnataka, Bay of Bengal and some parts of Andhra Pradesh during next 48 hours.Before Wednesday, the hottest day this summer in Lucknow was May 30 when the maximum temperature touched 44.7 degrees Celsius. On May 25, the maximum temperature was 44.5 degrees Celsius, on May 29 - 44.3 degrees Celsius, June 2 - 44 .3 degrees Celsius and on May 31 - 44.1 degrees Celsius. Not only the temperatures are high in summer this year, it is now also turning out to be the longest dry hot spell in the city in summer, at least in last one decade.Normally, heat wave in summer is broken at brief interval of 8-10 days by thunder storms due to western disturbances and cyclonic circulations. But this year, the city did not receive any rain in the entire month of May and in June so far. Barring a couple of cloudy days in last one-and-half-month, the maximum temperature has hovered between 40-44 degrees Celsius, 3-6 degrees above normal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi/new delhi", "code": "14105708", "title": "Horse trading in RS polls in Jharkhand: CBI searches MLAs\u2019 houses", "text": "RANCHI/NEW DELHI: A CBI team on Wednesday searched the residences of independent MLAs Bandhu Tirkey and Chamra Linda and the house of the father of JMM legislator Sita Soren in connection with the alleged horse trading in the countermanded Jharkhand Rajya Sabha elections. The raids were conducted at 18 locations across the country.While Sita is the daughter-in-law of JMM chief Shibu Soren, Tirkey is the former state human resource development minister. The CBI team recovered many documents showing financial transactions that gave further credence to the suspicion that MLAs indulged in horse trading during the biennial election to the Upper House.The raids were conducted under the supervision of CBI SSP R C Chaudhary. The agency swooped on the houses of five associates of the two independent candidates Pawan Kumar Dhoot and R K Agarwal. The houses of Sita Soren's father Bodha Narayan Manjhi in Odisha and those of two of her associates were also searched.The RS election in Jharkhand was countermanded by the Election Commission after the seizure of Rs 2.15 crore from an associate of Agarwal just hours before the polling started on March 30.\"The team which raided the house of Manjhi at Bhubaneshwar recovered fixed deposit certificates of Rs 40 lakh along with other financial instruments,\" said a source.A senior CBI officer said that from the very beginning they suspected Sita was among the legislators who indulged in horse trading in the Rajya Sabha election. \"We had seized some documents during the raid at her residence last month which hinted towards financial transactions. Now the recovery of fixed deposit of Rs 40 lakh confirms our doubts,\" the officer said.\"The agency searched the house of Pawan Kumar Dhoot in Niti Bagh in Delhi and in Gurgaon, apart from several other people in Ranchi,\" senior CBI officers said.During the searches large number of vouchers showing huge expenditure incurred during March 2012 from the business premises of an independent candidate and his associates and bank passbooks and documents pertaining to alleged expenses incurred during and after March 2012 from the premises of two independent MLAs have been recovered, said CBI officials.Sources in the raid team said the search and seizure continued for more than eight hours at different locations including Bhubaneshwar and Jharsugoda in Odisha, Ranchi, Dumka, Godda, Sahebganj in Jharkhand, Kolkata, Delhi and Gurgaon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14119284", "title": "Ajmal is thrilled to be nominated alongside Ajith", "text": "Actor Ajmal Ameer is excited about being nominated for his villainy in Ko, alongside K'wood superstar Ajith (for Mangatha), for most awards down south. \"Really! Being featured in the nominations list alongside Thala itself is an honour,\" he gushes.Currently, on the Kollwood front, the Ko villain has Vetriselvan and Karuppampatti lined up for release, of which the latter has him in a double role. \"All thanks to my role in Karuppampatti, where one of my roles has me playing a guy from France, I'm taking lessons in French, from a Frenchman himself,\" says Ajmal. The actor is also making a comeback to M-Town with Suvid Wilson's Bangles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112250", "title": "Bhatti \u2018fans\u2019 power shortage fire in Sector 17", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Actor and comedian Jaspal Bhatti mocked at the miserable power supply in the city by distributing hand fans to people at Sector 17 plaza. The satirical act was a part of his upcoming film \"Power Cut\".Bhatti thanked electricity board for inspiring him to make this film by providing inadequate supply of electricity. \"At the time of elections, politicians promise to provide enough power supply but post elections, they get all the power and all that common man has is candles in hands but no power,\" said Bhatti in his comic element.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "14124850", "title": "Bhojpuri film to be made on Ranvir Sena chief", "text": "PATNA: A Bhojpuri film is being planned on the life of Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji, the founder of dreaded private militia Ranvir Sena. He was assassinated by unknown killers in Ara town on June 1. The film titled 'Salam Mukhia' will be directed by Sanjay Sinha who has already directed several Bhojpuri films.Sinha said apart from known Bhojpuri actors, some local artists will also be given chance. The film will be completed in six months time, he said. \"We will ensure that the film should not hurt the feelings of any caste or social group,\" said Sinha who has plans to shoot a Bhojpur, Jehanabad, Gaya, Sasaram and Rohtas.The film will also cover the funeral procession from Ara to Patna on June 2. During this processions violence and arson erupted and police remained silent spectators.The 'shraddh' of Brahmeshwar Singh was held at his native village Khopira in Bhojpur district on Wednesday which was attended by several thousand people as well as leaders of various parties including some Bihar ministers, MPs and legislators.A day prior to 'shraddh' ceremony, a major fire broke out at the venue in which about two dozen LPG cylinders exploded causing tremendous panic and loss of several articles including chairs, tables, shamiana and bags of food grains.After the 'shradh', Mukhia's younger son Indu Buushan was declared as president of Akhil Bhartiya Rashtrawadi Kisan Mahasangh which was founded and headed by Mukhia. His election was hailed amid slogans of 'Mukhiaji amar rahe' and 'Ranvir Sena zindabad'.The condolence meeting decided to raise a museum in memory of Mukhia at Khopira.Meanwhile, the CBI is expected to take a decision on taking over the case inquiring the murder of Ranvir Sena founder in a week. The state government last week requested the CBI to take up the inquiry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "14120374", "title": "Richard death: CPI to press for CBI probe", "text": "IMPHAL: Backing the people's growing movement demanding justice for Loitam Richard's killing, CPI national general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy will go to Karnataka on Friday to pressurize the government to conduct a CBI probe into the case.Reddy said he would set up a team with students and party workers in Karnataka and do the needful to bring justice for Richard.A resident of Uripok Yambem Leikai in the heart of Imphal, Richard (19) was found dead on his hostel bed on April 18. He was allegedly beaten badly by his seniors inside the hostel of Acharya NRV School of Architecture in Bangalore the previous night.Though the Karnataka government has transferred the investigation of the case to Corps of Detective - a wing of CID of the state police department - the agitating public, as well as students, want the case to be probed by the CBI.On Tuesday, Richard's parents, who are medical practitioners, met Sudhakar and his predecessor and senior CPI leader AB Bardhan in Imphal and insisted them for giving justice to the victim's family. Before wrapping up their two-day Imphal visit, the two top CPI leaders, at a media conference here on Wednesday afternoon, said Manipur state council secretary M Nara Singh has already visited Bangalore and insisted Sadananda Gowda to get the case probed by the CBI and punish the perpetrators according to law.\"On seeing the gory picture of Richard, we strongly believe that he was beaten to death. I'll go to Karnataka a day after tomorrow, organize a team with students and our party members and press the Karnataka government to refer the case to the CBI,\" said Reddy.Besides Richard's case, the senior party leaders said the party stands for the territorial integrity of Manipur. They added that the CPI is against the controversial Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act. \"AFSPA is a barbarian Act as it allows the army to do anything in the name of countering insurgency,\" said Bardhan (88), while expressing solidarity with Irom Sharmila Chanu, who has been fasting against the law since the last 11 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120645", "title": "Nearly 3000 apply in Handique Girls College", "text": "GUWAHATI: There was a mad rush of outstation students at Handique Girls' College, the city's only girls' college on Wednesday as it was the last day to submit forms for the Three Year Degree Courses.Known for its strict decorum and high cut-off rates, the college is also one of the oldest, dating back to1930s. The last day for submitting forms saw parents accompanying their wards to buy, fill up and submit admission forms on the spot.The stressful season of admissions have only begun as colleges will soon start with their admission procedure. This is a time when students have their hopes up for a better future. While some try their luck in the city considered the helm of educational excellence in the northeast, others go to the different education hot spots in the country.While patiently waiting in the queue at the college counter to submit her form, Mritanjali Chakraborty, an aspirant from Digboi, said, \"I scored 67.4 per cent in HS and I am striving for majors in Economics at Handique. I am keeping my options open and have also applied for majors in Geography at Cotton College as well. I am flying to Pune tomorrow as I have also applied at Fergusson and SP Colleges. After few days, I will be travelling to Delhi as well to try my luck at Miranda College for majors either in English or Geography.\"Demlw Mushaiary from Udaligiri has kept her hopes pinned on majors in Political Science at Handique. \"I have scored 344 marks and as I am not planning to study outside the state, I have also applied at B Barooah and Cotton College.\"Pratul Kumat Sarma, who is accompaning his daughter for the submission of forms said, \"I want my daughter to complete her degree course in Guwahati and then go outside the state for her post graduation. This period is very stressful not only for the students but also the guardians.\"Bibedita Baitchury, Nita Borah and Nuri Gogoi from Mrgherita in Upper Assam said, \"We all have applied to Handique, Cotton and B Barooah Colleges as we want to keep our options open. We are keeping our fingers crossed as we have come from a far away place and don't want to be left in the lurch.\"The college printed 4,000 forms for the degree level courses for the arts and the science streams. On the last day of submission of forms, it sold almost hundred forms. \"We had to increase the number of forms for the TDC to 300 and till now we have sold around 2,100 forms for TDC arts stream and over 800 for science stream,\" said Santana Kakoty, admission department convener, Handique Girls' College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107471", "title": "Sports trials start next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Colleges in Delhi University will start sports trials from next week. The sports category admissions will be decentralized this year, with colleges conducting their own trials. Colleges need to include an expert from outside in the sports admission committee. Only those aspirants who qualify in the fitness test will be allowed to compete in the trials for final selection.The number of sports included in trials will vary for different colleges. For instance, Lady Shri Ram will conduct trials in 12 disciplines, including judo, archery, shooting, athletics and gymnastics, while Kirori Mal will allow for nine disciplines, such as basketball, chess, cricket and boxing. St Stephen's, too, will conduct trials in 12 disciplines, including football and squash, while Hindu College will include only four disciplines\u2014basketball, tennis, cricket and swimming\u2014in its trials.Most of the colleges have released the trial schedule. While SRCC will start with the general fitness test on June 20, the actual trials will kick off on June 21. LSR will start its trials a day later. Kamla Nehru College will start trials from June 20, and St Stephen's will set them in motion on June 19. Hindu College, however, has fixed June 28 as its date.Though colleges are responsible for conducting the trials, a centralized committee will oversee sports admissions. Last year, the university had received a flurry of complaints about \"mismanagement\". The seats for sports and extracurricular activities quota will be 5% over and above the college's total intake.\"Students should read the schedule carefully as not all colleges have all the sports. The colleges choose the disciplines according to their requirements. Also, there are colleges that require a specific skill in a sport as they might be have a vacant slot only for that position, for example, a smasher in volleyball or a goalkeeper in football. It is also important to know the minimum level of expertise the college is looking for,\" said deputy dean of students' welfare Gurpreet Singh Tuteja.Colleges will accord 50% weight to trials and the rest to certificates. Students will have to provide certificates garnered in Class X, XI and XII; certificates older than three years will not be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh/karnal", "code": "14107064", "title": "On the run, marine engineer arrested in Karnal", "text": "CHANDIGARH/KARNAL: On the run after giving Punjab Police a slip from Ludhiana in February, a marine engineer-turned-most wanted criminal landed behind bars in Karnal on Tuesday night.Bhupender Nath, additional chief judicial magistrate (ACJM) on Wednesday ordered one day police remand for Amit Kamboj, a resident of Karnal.\"Except for a murder case of his fiancee's brother-in-law in 2004, we don't have any case against him. He was apprehended from a place near Western Yamuna Canal where he was planning to strike in the city. He has a case of dacoity registered against him at Yamunanangar. Most other cases registered against him are in Ludhiana, Mohali, Hoshiarpur, Ropar and Patiala districts of Punjab,\" Shashank Anand, Karnal superintendent of police, said.Attributing the success of arresting Amit to a special cell headed by inspector Virender Rana, Anand said Amit is being interrogated to ascertain his involvement in other crimes in Haryana.Police said it was a failed love affair which made Amit a criminal after he stabbed Randhir Singh Maan, a resident of sector 8, who objected to his love affair. Amit murdered Maan on Feberuary 28, 2004, soon after completing his Australia tour. After being on the run, he was finally arrested and was sentenced to life by a Karnal court on January 16, 2006.\"He was shifted to Narnaul jail from where he managed to get parole on March 19, 2007 on the basis of forged documents. As he did not return, a case was registered. He was arrested again and came in contact with one Ritu Verma who helped him escape from Ludhiana when a police party from Faridkot jail was shifting him from Mohali court to Faridkot on February 28 this year,'' inspector Virender Rana said.Later, he snatched a car from a taxi driver on April 13 this year and was on the run ever since. He was also involved in the theft of a motorcycle from the city, Rana added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "14125074", "title": "Maharashtra's growth rate loses steam under sustained inflationary pressure", "text": "MUMBAI: Rising prices of commodities, inflation will continue to play havoc in lives of ordinary citizens even this year. Dashing hopes of a revival of the economy, the state government has projected the economic outlook to remain sluggish at least till the later part of this financial year. Under sustained inflationary pressure, the state's growth rate lost steam in 2011-12.The statement on fiscal policy for the new year has predicted \"some pickup\" in the state economy only towards the later half of the financial year. The statement is circulated as part of budget documents. With crude prices continuing to rise in international markets, it has said that the union government could revise fuel prices in the near future, which will increase inflationary pressure. Uncertainty in currency markets and global recession trends could worsen the situation further, the statement indicates.It claims that RBI's move to contain inflation by raising cost of funds to institutions and general public (loans) has impacted sales of properties and vehicles. The European crisis is yet to abate and there is a renewed tension pertaining to crude oil rich Iran, the report further states.With all these forces at play, signs of recovery continue to be fragile. The state has estimated a. fiscal deficit of 1.72 per cent of the Gross State Domestic Product in 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "14120058", "title": "Govt shuffles 14 IAS officers in Jharkhand", "text": "RANCHI: The state government on Wednesday transferred 14 senior IAS( Indian Administrative Service ) officers, including principal secretary to the governor A K Pandey who has been posted as the director general of Shree Krishna Institute of Public Administration.Personnel department secretary Aditya Swaroop has been transferred and posted as the principal secretary to governor. Swaroop will be replaced by state road construction department secretary N N Sinha. He will also have additional charge of the information technology department.Secretary of food and civil supplies department Rajbala Verma will be the new road construction secretary. She will be replaced by sports secretary Ajay Kumar Singh. However, Singh will continue to have additional charge of the secretary sports till further order.Finance secretary Sukhdev Singh will now be secretary of national saving department. He will replace Swaraditya Sahay who has been transferred as commissioner Palamu.According to a notification issued by the personnel department, commercial taxes secretary Alka Tiwary has been transferred in the same capacity to the forest and environment department. She will have additional charge of the secretary in the chief minister's secretariat. Secretary information technology Mast Ram Meena will be the new commercial taxes secretary.Building construction department secretary L Khiyangta has been transferred to the welfare department. He will have additional charge of examination controller of Jharkhand Combined Entrance Competitive Examination Council.Director urban administration Ashok Kumar Mishra has been posted as tribal welfare commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "14107383", "title": "Shoddy facelift plan has left Connaught Place with scars: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: Since its construction during the second decade of the 20th century, Connaught Place has seen a lot of ups and downs. However, the elaborate redevelopment plan of the area by NDMC has not worked out as envisioned and many conservationists and historians feel that an \"unplanned'' redevelopment of the market has compromised its heritage and authenticity. A number of experts said the damage done to the heritage complex was beyond repair.New subways, improved pathways and restored building facade of all blocks of inner and outer circles were planned in 2007 and were to be over before the Commonwealth Games in October 2010. But ongoing construction can still be seen at various places. The plan has hit many roadblocks as well from agencies like Delhi Urban Art Commission which protested against the use of granite for the flooring and insisted that the original material, sandstone, be used. Conservationists said sandstone should be used and in floral patterns as designed by Lutyens while traders wanted granite as it is long-lasting and looks better. A mix of granite and sandstone has been used in the inner flooring.Architects and conservationists say the biggest flaw in the plan from a historical perspective was ignoring the need to keep CP's originality. \"CP has changed so much in the past few years that there were discussions to drop it from Delhi's nomination dossier for a world heritage site. Many experts felt CP had been compromised too much and no longer had that uniqueness,'' said a source.Historians say the plan was to restore CP, not reconstruct it, and this basic fact has been forgotten. \"The biggest problem with the plan was that no method was followed \u2014 neither conservation or development. Whatever was the most expensive solution was chosen in an ill-planned manner. So many subways were never needed which were hurriedly dug up and then re-filled, urban space has been destroyed as have linkages to Central Park,'' said a top conservation architect.AGK Menon, convener of INTACH Delhi Chapter, says all that now remains of CP is a skeleton. \"The authentic fabric of CP was destroyed, plaster and flooring changed. It was not treated as a heritage zone and was made into a new place. What has been done to CP cannot be salvaged now.''A senior ASI official says too-many changes have been made in CP, which should never be allowed in a protected heritage precinct. \"CP is living heritage and should have been maintained as such. Why change the floorings? Sandstone has been used in Taj Mahal, Fatehpur Sikri and Red Fort for centuries and is still firm so how can it be damaged here? Even the pillars and windows have not been restored properly,\" says an official.While NDMC declines to comment, senior DUAC member Satish Khanna says there was no problem in facade restoration of CP and the only problem is traffic. \"Parking in CP is another issue that has not been resolved,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14125354", "title": "Cheryl Cole attacked for 350 'meet and greet' offer", "text": "Fans have slammed Cheryl Cole after being told that they will have to fork out 350 pounds for a \"special\" meeting with her.The offer was reportedly a part of \"meet and greet\" package, which will get include a ticket to her UK tour and a photo with the star, who will also sign one item.This has apparently upset her fans, who have taken to Twitter describing the deal as \"robbery\" - especially following the mixed reaction to Cheryl's performance at last week's Diamond Jubilee concert, the Daily Star reported.\"350 pounds for a M and G with Cheryl Cole! After the jubilee disaster I wouldn't pay 3.50 pounds! No 1 is that special u should have 2 pay 2 meet them #Please,\" Kurstie Martin, from Essex, tweeted.\"As much as I like Cheryl, 350 for a M and G is TOO much and not nice at all,\" another user Cheryl Gerhard posted.Other fans pointed out that 'The Voice' judge Jessie J had charged just 110 pounds for meet and greet tickets.However, despite a barrage of criticism, the singer kept quiet about the tickets on Twitter. Instead she tweeted, \"UK and IRELAND !! I'm coming to seeee yooooouuuu. #excited\".Cheryl's spokesman Sundraj Sreenivasan insisted that he did not know anything about the offer last night.But he revealed that all the profits made would go to charity.\"All profits from the meet and greets go to the Cheryl Cole Foundation,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "synopsis. general manager of government milk scheme held . pune", "code": "14124995", "title": "Government official nabbed while taking bribe.", "text": "Synopsis. General manager of government milk scheme held . PUNE: The state anti-corruption bureau (ACB) Pune arrested a general manager of the government milk scheme, Khadki for allegedly demanding Rs 20,000 as a bribe from a vendor.The anti-corruption bureau has identified the suspect as Hemant Gulab Galwe (35) of Tingrenagar. A complaint in this regard has been lodged by Jameel Sayyad Abdul Qadar (49) of Nana Peth.Police inspector of the anti-corruption bureau Ashwini Satpute told TOI that Qadar runs a milk stall in Nana Peth area. After expiry of the contract, Qadar's stall was closed. He approached Galwe on May 4 as he wanted to renew the contract. \"Galwe had told Qadar to either get his four-wheeler repaired or pay Rs 20,000 for the repair work. He did not accept the cash on his own,\" Satpute said.Satpute said that Qadar then lodged a complaint with the anti-corruption bureau. \"After verifying his complaint, we arrested Galwe from his office,\" Satpute added. A case has been registered against Galwe with the Khadki police station for offences under relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Police Inspector (ACB) Ashwini Satpute is further investigating the case.The suspect was produced before the anti-corruption court and was released on the personal bond of Rs 15,000, said defence lawyer Pratap Pardeshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "14105267", "title": "Cong-TDP \u2018secret pact\u2019 to counter Jagan threat", "text": "HYDERABAD: The realization that Jagan is the \"common enemy\" is bringing together the Congress and the TDP. Sources say a tacit understanding is working out between the two parties ahead of the bypoll results on Friday. Among other things, this will ensure that there is no threat to the Kiran Kumar Reddy government from the YSR Congress after the results are announced.After assessing the bypolls to the 18 assembly seats and one Lok Sabha constituency, Congress leaders said the ruling party put up a good fight in at least eight-nine assembly seats. This will minimize two possible threats - exodus of Congress MLAs to Jagan's camp and threats to the Kiran government in the coming weeks. \"There will be no exodus in case the Congress losing margin is narrow,\" said a ruling party leader.The bypolls were discussed at a meeting that the chief minister had with his ministerial colleagues on Wednesday. \"About 12 Congress MLAs are on watch for possible switching of loyalties. They have been assured by party leaders that their political interests would be best served if they remain in the Congress. Some are being assured of a berth in a mini-cabinet expansion that could take place in the post-bypoll scenario,\" the sources told TOI.The Congress has 152 MLAs in the House of 294. Even if the Congress doesn't increase its tally when 18 legislators are elected in the bypolls, it will still have a majority of four MLAs. Also, the party will have the support of seven MLAs from the MIM and three independents.The Congress government can only fall if the TDP sides with Jagan. The TDP has 86 MLAs and the Congress government will survive even if Chandrababu Naidu's men abstain from voting in a possible no-confidence motion.\"The TDP, as the main opposition party, is to be watched after the results. If it supports the Congress just because it is opposing the YSR Congress, it will be suicidal for the party,\" said YSR Congress leader M V Mysura Reddy.TDP leaders agreed that if forced to choose between the Congress and the YSR Congress, Chandrababu Naidu will prefer to bail out the Congress. This would offer time to build the party before the 2014 elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14104911", "title": "Techies take time off from work to walk for a cause", "text": "PUNE: The annual palkhi procession of Sant Dnyaneshwar was not limited to warkaris, with over 150 young IT professionals joining the procession from Alandi to Pune for the seventh year in a row.They said the wari was not just about experiencing the physical exertion of participating in the procession, the intention was to also spread a social message. This year, these techies walked for the cause of 'Save the girl child'.\"The initiative began seven years ago under the name 'IT Dindi' and the number of participants is growing every year. We always walk for a social cause. Last year, it was for environment conservation; this year it was 'Save the girl child',\" said Govind Patil, one of the participants. \"We wore caps with the message 'Save the girl child' printed on both sides, so that people would notice it easily,\" he added.He said that some of the professionals found the experience \"enlightening\" and would continue to be part of the procession till Saswad.\"We all made professional adjustments to participate. The point is to get a feel of the devotion of lakhs of warkaris. It is challenging to walk some 30 km every day and the efforts of the devotees are admirable,\" said Amey Kale, IT professional, who was part of the wari for the first time.A group of 20 young professionals from Ranjangaon industrial belt, who participated in the wari for the second consecutive year, said it was enriching to experience a tradition that has been in existence for the last 300 years.A participant, Suresh Gawade, said the very fact that people take part in large numbers shows that the tradition has a strong base in the society.The professionals will also hold a camp on Thursday to distribute essential items to the warkaris, who will continue their walk up to Pandharpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "14120431", "title": "Family alleges maid's role in Machkhowa murder", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after the broad daylight murder of Yasmin Begum in Machkhowa area rocked the city, his family, which is still in shock, alleged their maid Mushara Begum was involved in the crime.On Tuesday, a gang of robbers stormed into the house of Baser Ahmed and gagged his wife, Yasmin Begum, to death when she tried to alert their neighbours. The robbers entered the house at 11.30am. Their maid had left the door open as she went to the terrace to hang clothes to dry.\"It can't be a coincidence that the gang entered our house at a time when she had left the door open. Ammi (Yasmin) and Abbu (Baser) never leave the door open. We believe she signalled the gang from the balcony before they broke in,\" alleged Farhana T Alam (30), Yasmin's daughter.Baser, a retired professor, and his wife used to live on the second floor of the house. The maid, Mushara, has been working in their house since 2009.According to Farhana, the maid was in a monetary crunch for the past couple of months. \"My mother told me sometime ago that Mushara was having some financial problems as her daughter was pregnant and they needed money. Her son-in-law was also having trouble with his family,\" added Farhana.She continued, \"I suspect even the son-in-law is a part of the gang. He came to our house some five months ago to do some repair work. He knows the layout of our house. My father said that the group had youngsters in twenties and the son-in-law is also in the same age group.\"Earlier, Baser said that there were some seven to eight youngsters in the group of robbers between the ages of 19-20.Meanwhile, the city police detained two persons in connection with the case, including the maid. One Abed Ali of Mankachar in Dhubri district was also picked up by the police from Chaygaon area for questioning.\"Abed is a mason and we believe he was part of the gang of robbers. He had done repair work at Baser's house sometime ago,\" said an official of the crime branch. Sources said that the crime branch has got a lead and is chasing another member of the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "14120695", "title": "Arunachal govt employees unhappy with hiked dearness Allowance payoff method", "text": "Itanagar: Days after the state government hiked dearness allowance (DA) by 7%, its employees, under the banner of Confederation of Service Associations of Arunachal Pradesh (CoSAAP), expressed dissatisfaction with the manner of disbursement of the hiked DA.The state government last week hiked DA of its employees from the existing 58% to 65% of basic salary, which is at par with that of the central government employees.The CoSAAP in a communique on Wednesday said that in keeping with the Union finance ministry's note dated April 3, the state government, through a notification on June 2, decided to hike DA and to disburse it to the employees in two phases.DA arrears for three months from the month of January to March this year would be paid in cash in the month of July while the remaining arrears from April to June would be drawn and deposited in employees' general provident fund (GPF) accounts in January next year.\"Even though we welcome the government's decision to increase our DA by 7%, we strongly oppose the manner in which the DA Arrears for the months of April to June 2012 will be disbursed in January 2013 and be deposited in GPF accounts. This is an insult to the state government employees, especially those who don't have GPF or CPF accounts,\" the CoSAAP lamented.On the introduction of the four-year block in LTC as per the 6th Central Pay Commission recommendations, the CoSAAP remarked, \"In the past, there were no such instances of issuance of orders by the state government to hack the throats of government employees like the one issued recently.\"Stating that the latest development would have a cascading effect on the morale of the employees in the discharge of their duties, the CoSAAP, in a memorandum to the development commissioner (finance) called for immediate review of the order issued and effect payment of DA arrears in cash within June, irrespective of whether an employee has a GPF accounts.If this is not possible for the employees who have GPF accounts, the DA arrears from April to June should be drawn and deposited in the GPF accounts in June 2012.The CoSAAP further said the order should specify for payment of the arrears in cash for all six months to the employees who do not have GPF accounts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "14104701", "title": "Rabindra Bharati may expel 5 TMCP activists", "text": "KOLKATA: In face of the on-campus hooliganism by Trinamool Chhatra Parishad (TMCP) members on Tuesday, the authorities at Rabindra Bharati University may expel the five students who were arrested on vandalism charges.On Wednesday, vice-chancellor Chinmay Guha said, \"What the students did to my office was hooliganism. This can't be accepted.\" A group of TMCP members went on the rampage in RBU's BT Road campus on Tuesday, ransacking the VC's room and the conference room. It was only after the chief minister's intervention that five of those involved were arrested.\"It is misleading to say I have reduced the number of seats. The number of seats will only increase by 10% on instructions from the higher education department. The admission process has only gone online from manual. Earlier, more students found their names on the merit list than the number of seats available. Some union members tried to sell forms by downloading them from the website. I have foiled their attempt by taking the entire admission system online,\" added Guha.An English teacher of RBU said, \"Vandalism by TMCP on campus has reached menacing proportions. The genesis behind the trouble is the roadblock placed before the racket that gets active during admissions every year.\" \"We have not yet taken a call, but we are unanimous about expelling those involved in the ruckus,\" said the VC.Guha further said, \"Though TMCP members are being accused, those arrested were earlier members of the Students' Federation of India (SFI) and one among them did not hesitate to announce that he will again switch allegiance to another students political wing if they do not find support from the Trinamool leadership.\" The TMCP state secretary Sujit Shyam said, \"TMCP unit at RBU is dissolved. The law will take its own course.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14121049", "title": "Khalid Siddiqui in Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha?", "text": "Sunshine Productions' 'Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha' on Colors' is all set to witness a new entry.As per the earlier reports actor Cezzane Khan of 'Kausauti Zindagi Ki' fame was approached to play the role.However, the latest buzz is that Cezzane is not doing the project and we hear that smart and handsome Khalid Siddiqui has been roped in. The production house had short listed Khalid Siddiqui and Amit Verma for the role but Khalid bagged the project. Khalid was last seen in Star One's political drama 'Dhoondh Legi Manzil Humein' . Khalid will play the role of Renu's (Rinku Karmarkar) cousin Manav, settled abroad and will plan to visit the Vyas family. Though the role is cameo, it is said to be a prominent one.Khalid will start shooting today for his entry track. When contacted, Khalid remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14113633", "title": "Take a safety lesson from Ernakulam", "text": "KOCHI: Not a single school under the deputy director of education, Ernakulam has requested the authorities to prune or cut trees in its compound this year.\"This year, not a single school has approached us with such a request. Once we get a request from a school, we ask the Forest Department for permission to do the job,\" said M D Murali, DDE, Ernakulam. There are 1,014 schools under the DDE, of which 363 are government schools; 551 are aided schools and 100 are unaided. \"Before the schools reopened in June, the public works department building engineer inspected school buildings. Only after the schools got a fitness certificate, were they allowed to start classes,\" Murali said.Prahladan K K, PWD superintending engineer, Ernakulam said, \"We look into a school building's strength and stability and ask the school authorities to make the necessary rectifications. Once this is done, we inspect the building and if our instructions have been carried out, we issue the fitness certificate. Inspection of trees is not under our purview. However, if we find a weak tree in a school compound, we ask the school to take necessary steps.\"Sources said that while government schools had to depend on the DDE to get permissions from the Forest Department to cut trees, aided school managements directly contacted the department in this regard.\"If we notice that a weak tree or branch is posing problem, we inform the management. They intimate the DDE and also take permission from the forest department to trim or cut it,\" said Grace P J, principal, St Mary's High School, Kannammaly.However, Baby Thadaus Cruz, state executive member, Kerala Private Secondary School Headmasters Association feels the authorities wake up only after an accident like the one in Vaikom school takes place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14106488", "title": "9 autos seized in motor vehicle department raid", "text": "KOCHI: The motor vehicle department on Wednesday seized nine autos and 10 vehicles in a vehicle raid in the city.According to department officials the raid conducted on the direction of deputy transport commissioner C I Sainuddhin took custodies of vehicles on charges of flouting several traffic rules.The autos were seized on the grounds that they violated the city permit rules.Among the 10 vehicles, three school buses were taken into custody for overloading while private automobiles were charged for violating traffic rules. The department collected Rs 65,000 as compounding fees in the raid that started on Wednesday morning in different parts of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "tiruvarur", "code": "14109431", "title": "Karunanidhi, Raja heap praise on each other", "text": "TIRUVARUR: After nearly 15 months of incarceration in Tihar jail in the 3G spectrum case, former telecom minister A Raja was hailed and cheered by cadres and supporters in Tiruvarur on Wednesday. While DMK chief M Karunanidhi was the protagonist of the show, addressing voters in his constituency as part of the celebrations for his birthday which was on June 3, Raja was clearly the hero for party cadres and supporters. Karunanidhi, who turned 89 this year, and Raja shared dais for the first time after the former minister's release from prison.Raja likened his \"elder brother\" to former South African president and anti-apartheid activist Nelson Mandela and said both Mandela and Karunanidhi had built institutions that no force in the world could wipe out. Age, he said, was only an advantage, and 89 was merely a number. Both the leaders heaped praise on each other at the well-attended meeting that included the Union minister of state for finance S S Palanimanickam, party MP A K S Vijayan, former DMK ministers E V Velu, Ko Si Mani and U Mathivanan. Karunanidhi's wife Dayalu Ammal was also present.In his 20-minute speech, Raja said, \"While it tried hard, the ruling AIADMK could not do away with the Samacheer Kalvi (uniform syllabus system) nor convert the Anna Centenary Library for any other purpose than the one intended by the DMK chief\". The meeting was held at Tiruvarur Therku Veethi to mark Karunanidhi's birthday and also to accept representations from voters of his constituency in his capacity as their legislator.The leader said he too believed in the \"reincarnation\" of his party and its return to power in the state and promised to restore all that had been dismantled by the present regime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14118018", "title": "Hassan sahib was magical and unique: Shafqat Amanat Ali", "text": "\"Mehdi Hassan sahib was suffering from several ailments and was in hospital for many months. Still, we were hoping against hope that he would recover,\" says Pakistani singer Shafqat Amanat Ali.\"Now that he is no more, I really don't know what to say. I am overwhelmed with grief as memories come flooding. His ghazal gayaki was one of a kind. His pronunciation of Urdu words was perfect. Not everyone has the ability to get the accent right, remain faithful to the granularity of expressions and nuances of Urdu. Mehdi Hassan was mellifluous and had a natural brilliance,\" he adds.Shafqat Amanat Ali is a Pakistani classical singer of the Patiala Gharana. The youngest brother of the late Asad Amanat Ali Khan, Shafqat is the lead vocalist of the Pakistani rock band Fuzon.\"Mehdi sahib was a wizard and had his own style. He brought his distinct touch to each rendition. I heard him sing Raga Hameer once. It was so Mehdi Hassan and so hypnotic. His singing had that magical effect. He used to do a show with my uncle Ustad Fateh Ali Khan called Sargam in the late 1980s. The format was such that while one sang a pure bandish, the other sang its semi-classical (light) version. I had just stepped into college at that time and was closely associated with Mehdi sahib to further my education in classical music. He was a living legend. It was a great gift and honour for me to sit at his feet and learn the ragas.\"(As told to Meenakshi Sinha)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "14106548", "title": "VSP unions launch fast against divestment move", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Various trade unions of Visakhapatnam Steel Plant launched relay hunger strikes on Wednesday protesting the proposed disinvestment of the plant. The protest will continue till June 25. The unions are also planning a two-day strike on June 27 and 28.Trade unions committee leader D Adinarayana said the plant workers have been opposing the plans of disinvestment and privatisation of the plant. The government's attempts to sell its shares this fiscal year would be opposed strongly, he warned. VSP registered a turnover of Rs 14,462 crore in the last financial year and had a profit of Rs 1,200 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ara", "code": "14110404", "title": "Property attachment proceedings starts", "text": "ARA: The court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Ara, P K Ojha, issued 'ishtehar (proclamation notice)' against Abhay Kumar Pandey, son of Surendra Pandey, of Katira locality under Nawada police station in Bhojpur district on Wednesday.The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the murder of Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji on June 1, had requested the CJM court to issue order for attachment of property of Abhay Kumar Pandey who is absconding. The court then issued 'Ishtehar' against Abhay Kumar Pandey.Meanwhile, hearing on the narcotics and polygraph test of Monu Rai alias Ritesh Kumar, son of Manoj Rai, mukhiya, Kurmuri panchayat, and a close associate of a JD(U) MLA, and Sunny Singh alias Harshvardhan alias Rahul was further extended by a day. The date of hearing was fixed on June 14.It may be mentioned here that Monu was arrested from Jamshedpur and Sunny was arrested from Ara. Both of them were sent to jail, but Abhay Kumar Pandey is absconding. As Monu and Sunny frequently changed their statements, the SIT has asked for narcotics and polygraph test of the duo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14120531", "title": "Sonu Sood to enter Dawood lair?", "text": "Actor Sonu Sood, who will be essaying the role of Dawood Ibrahim in upcoming film Shootout at Wadala, has expressed desire to enter the den of the underworld don, just to get into the character.Directed by Sanjay Gupta, Shootout at Wadala is a prequel to his 2007 film Shootout at Lokhandwala. The second instalment looks at dramatising the first registered encounter by Mumbai police, where gangster Manya Surve was shot dead in 1982 at Wadala.Bollywood has always remained sort of 'obsessed' with Dawood and is evident from the characters based on him essayed by actors like Ajay Devgan in Company, Randeep Hooda in D, Vijay Maurya in Black Friday and others.Sonu says he would not leave any stone unturned to give justice to the don's character.\"I have read books...read articles, I am doing my homework. The director is also providing inputs. I want to go and visit the place where he (Dawood) was brought up and meet people over there. I might go there. Right now I am busy with Maximum once we are done with this film, I would love to go and see couple of people who were associated with him over there,\" Sood told PTI in an interview.Dawood, son of a policeman from Dongri, has been declared as a global terrorist as he is believed to have masterminded the 1993 serial bomb blasts and said to have played an important role in the 26/11 terror strikes.The upcoming film based on Dongri to Dubai , a book by Hussain Zaidi, deals with the rise of Dawood in the underworld and his rivalry with Many Surve. It talks about the death of Dawood's brother Shabbir and the encounter of Manya Surve reportedly orchestrated by Dawood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "14107189", "title": "Incalculable honesty: Man returns Rs 3.25L", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Wednesday, Harish Chandra Gaud, a clerk at Shivam Vidyalay, was standing with his friends near a bus stop in Amraiwadi when they saw a lady's purse fall out of an autorickshaw passing by. Gaud, who was thinking of handing it over to a nearby paan shop owner, on opening it saw that it contained Rs 3.25 lakh in cash along with two mobile phones.He used the phone to track down the owner, a woman who lives in Amraiwadi. The woman had withdrawn money from a bank for some hospital expenses. Gaud asked her to show an identity proof and take back money.The woman's family insisted on rewarding Gaud Rs 25,000 for his honesty. But Gaud refused, since he had learnt that the money was for the treatment of an ailing relative. On Thursday Gaud and his friends will be honoured by Amraiwadi's municipal corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "surat ", "code": "14122046", "title": "Tertiary water treatment plant project likely to get nod", "text": "SURAT : Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) administration after a gap of six months has once again brought the proposal of Construction of a tertiary water treatment plant at the cost of Rs 86 crores for the approval of standing committee . After many deliberations for more than 2 years , the plan to go, and public -private partnership (PPP) mode was rejected by ruling body of BJP.They decided to have own plant for SMC and so new tenders were floated six months ago. The lowest bidder's proposal was put up for approval at that time but inter party politics of ruling BJP came in the way to postpone the approval. However after six months the same proposal is put up once again for approval giving an indication that it will be approved this time. Bhimji Patel, Chairman standing committee of SMC said, \" We will decide on the issue in our meeting but one thing is certain city needs this plant and SMC is going to construct it.\" Jatin Shah, City Engineer , SMC talking to TOI said, \" It is high time , rulers take a decision on the issue as requirement of potable water is increasing with every passing day.\"SMC at present supplies nearly 55 to 60 MLD of water to Industries located in Pandesara for their industrial use against their requirement of nearly 100MLD per day . The idea behind the project to be set up at Bamroli-Pandesara is to substitute 40 MLD of potable water by 40 MLD of treated water produced in the plant. \" We plan to sue this water for the newer areas of the city where the requirement is growing.\" Said Shah At present city draws nearly 745 MLD of water for the population of 44. 64 lakh people. 90 per cent areas are covered with water distribution network of SMC which is spread in 325 sq KM area. According to the estimates , water requirements of the city by 2026 are likely to grow to 1200MLD and civic body needs to make provision for that in advance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "14119762", "title": "Kandhamal probe stalled", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The judicial inquiry into the Kandhamal riots has been stalled with the government yet to name a new probe panel following the death of retired judge S C Mohapatra last month.The government had appointed the one-member Justice Mohapatra commission on September 3, 2008, to inquire into the assassination of senior VHP leader Swami Laxmananand Saraswati and the resulting communal flare up that claimed around 40 lives and rendered thousands homeless.\"We are doubtful about the intention of the government to give justice to the riot-victims a new panel is yet to be appointed,\" said an opposition leader in Kandhamal. \"The government is delaying appointment of a fresh commission in view of the developments in the ruling party,\" he added.Before his death on May 13, Justice Mohapatra had submitted his interim report to the government in 2009. The final report is yet to be prepared as around 50 more persons are waiting to depose as witness before the commission, the special counsel for the commission Bijay Krushna Pattnaik said.Some of the prominent leaders who are yet to depose before the commission are senior BJP leader Ashok Sahu, former Rajya Sabha member R K Nayak, senior BJP leader Ashok Sahu and tribal leader Lambodar Kanhar, he said.As many as 164 persons have already deposed before the commission. This includes 65 government witnesses and 99 others. Some important persons who have already deposed are former ministers Biswa Bhusan Harichandan, Manmohan Samal, Surama Padhy and the inmates of Jalespeta and Chakapada ashrams.Similarly, the commission examined the present DGP, his predecessor, several police and IAS officers, including former collector, special commissioner for Kandhamal, Pattnaik said. Justice Mohapatra visited several areas of Kandhamal and other violence-hit districts as a part of the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14120413", "title": "Spray tans may cause cancer!", "text": "Spray tans, which are used by many as a safer alternative to sunbeds, may create serious health problems including cancer , scientists have warned.Those seeking a bronzed skin tone without exposing themselves to harmful radiations could instead be at risk from the main ingredient in sprays, which is potentially harmful if inhaled.If the substance, known as dihydroxyacetone (DHA), enters the lungs and is then absorbed into the bloodstream, it could damage DNA and cause tumours.Scientists claim the chemical may make asthma worse, as well as other lung problems such as emphysema and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).According to ABC News , a panel of medical experts said that the DHA can cause genetic mutations and wreak havoc on human DNA.\"The substance seems to have a potential for what they call creating mutations or changing DNA in living cells which is a serious problem and needs to be further investigated, yet hasn't been\", the Courier Mail quoted Dr Lynn Goldman, dean of the School of Public Health and Health Services at George Washington University in Washington DC , as saying.\"What we're concerned about is not so much the reaction that creates the tanning, but reactions that may occur deeper down with living cells that might then change DNA, causing a mutation and what the possible impacts of that might be.\"I'd be very concerned for the potential of lung cancer\", Goldman added.Doctors said that they became worried about the harmful effects of spray tanning after reviewing 10 scientific studies of DHA.However, none of the studies involved actual human testing.The risks do not apply to at-home tanning lotions, as it is applied to the outer skin and cells only, avoiding the potential for DHA to enter the bloodstream.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "14112233", "title": "Batting for right shot", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of youths of Sector 41 have joined hands to start a campaign against drug addiction and help youth channelize their energy in the right direction. There can't be a better way to do this than using the most popular game of cricket. A three-day night tournament was recently organized by them.The matches were played at a ground in Sector 41 and the upcoming contest will witness a total of 45 teams from Chandigarh, Punjab and Haryana. This form of cricket is quite similar to the T20 and finals were played on Sunday night. The members have named their group 'Youth Club'.During the match, they created awareness against drugs with commentary. They also had put some banners that spread awareness against drugs at the venue.\"Drug addiction is a major problem in this part of the region and there is a need to sensitize people about its ill-effects in whichever way possible. We have decided to use the popular medium of sports and hope to make an impact,\" said general secretary Kuldeep Thakur.\"Though it was a maiden effort, we tried to make it look very professional and goal oriented as hundreds of youngsters came to see the action,\" said Thakur, who is an OT technician, adding that for the past couple of years whenever there's a night tournament in Punjab, they participate in it.Apart from students, the group also has been working for youth of the locality and fresh graduates.Club president Harinder Singh said it was not easy to convince his friends, but with much persuasion they agreed and the tournament was organized. Youth Club vice-president Mandeep Singh said everyone generously contributed so they could award the winning team with Rs 21,000, Rs 11,000 as second prize and Rs 3,100 for those who stood third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14117343", "title": "People will forget Kajol-SRK: Farah Khan", "text": "Farah Khan talks about the much publicised 'patch up', her debut as an actress and being more successful than her husband ShirishThis year, it was rather disheartening to see you and SRK share cold vibes... ...and now I guess , people are more disheartened to see things sorted out. That has affected people more.Do you think people took advantage of the fight and added fuel to the fire? Of course! It became worse because of them. Only four people I know tried to patch us up. Everyone else reveled. The worst part was that we became a joke on a standup comedy show on television. That is when we realised it was time to wake up and smell the coffee.So who broke the ice? If you ever had a best friend, you would know that it is quite normal for friends to fight or have misunderstandings. But as long as there is love, you can sort it out. Shah Rukh and I realised that things had become ugly. He was heartbroken with whatever happened. I was in shock too. When we met, we realised how others were having a gala time at our expense. It took us around three minutes to sort things out.And now, the two of you are working again. Do you think SRK is your lucky charm? I think we work well together.How did Happy New Year happen? It's destiny I guess. I had written the film for him. It was a very organic thing. I didn't patch up with Shah Rukh because I wanted to do a film with him. Our relationship is not professional. Its not about \"oh if we work together we'll be friends.\" It's beyond that.Will your third film be on the lines of Main Hoon Na and Om Shanti Om? It will be madder than before.Now that you're an actor, will you do an intimate scene or wear revealing clothes if the role demands? I won't. There was a kissing scene in the script of Shrin Farhad that I refused. Thankfully, they agreed. I have a husband and three kids. It's fine for other actresses. Not me. Acting isn't my profession. It was a one-off.And which actor would you want to romance onscreen? (Laughs) Can I say Tom Cruise?No. It has to be a Bollywood star I was very happy romancing Boman Irani. I thought we had great chemistry. I am telling you everyone is going to forget Shah Rukh and Kajol after watching us. We are now the 'it couple'. (Laughs)How filmi are your kids? Not at all. They have watched only one film I think - Sound Of Music. My son watches films like Spider Man and Transformer. But he loves dancing. He wins the prize at every birthday party.Are there plans to make additions to the family? I don't think even science can help me now. I have done my bit for the population of this country.Do you think having a more successful spouse hurts the ego of an Indian man? Has that affected your relationship with Shirish Kunder? I don't think we are competing. I am eight years older than him. I had a head start. Also, we make different kinds of movies. When I saw Joker, I felt that I could've made that film. Though it certainly does put him at a disadvantage, I don't think we have a problem. But people perhaps do. However, we don't care. After a point, you just can't be bothered.Do you have to be extra careful? I was never sitting and bragging about my achievements. I asked him before signing Shirin Farhad because he is my husband and he has to be comfortable with my choices. I can't be selfish and not care about the people I come back home to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "14108986", "title": "Couple claim son is held captive", "text": "MADURAI: An aged couple from Orathanadu in Thanjavur district lodged a complaint with the Madurai police alleging that their 27-year-old son was held captive by Nithyananda.The youth, however, turned away his parents claiming that he was with Nithyananda only on his own will. Still, the parents alleged that when they went to Madurai Adheenam to take back their son, the devotees of Nithyananda chased them away and hence their son could have been under threat to stay there.The couple, Thirupathi and Poornam said they were searching for their son Ragavan (27) for the past three years in the ashrams of Nithyananda at Bidadi (Karnataka) and Tiruvannamalai, but could not meet him. \"He completed mechanical engineering in Singapore and returned to Thanjavur in 2009. He visited the yoga camp conducted by Nithyananda at that time in Thanjavur. Later, some people from the Nithyananda ashram took him to Tiruvannamalai and later to Bidadi in the name of further yoga training. However, we could not meet him after that,\" claimed Thirupathi.The husband and wife said that they had learnt that their son was in Madurai Adheenam after Nithyananda was anointed as the 293rd pontiff. \"Since there are reports that Nithyananda might be arrested (Nithyananda has since surrendered, we wanted to rescue our son at least now,'' Thirupathi said. He also claimed that it was Ragavan who telephoned them few days back to come and take him back.Police probed whether the youth could have been held captive as alleged by his parents. \"But the youth said that he was with Nithyananda wilfully and had no intention to return home with parents. We informed the parents about their son's stand,\" a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "14105025", "title": "Suspect bites off woman's finger for foiling theft", "text": "PUNE: A woman allegedly bit off a part of another woman's finger, who caught her while stealing the gold chain of her sister in a PMPML bus. The incident took place near Bopodi on Tuesday morning.The police have identified the suspect as Kalindi Ankush Bade (40) of Charholi. A complaint has been lodged by Savitra Mukund Jakhalekar (54) of Ambedkarnagar in Landewadi, Bhosari, who lost part of her ring finger on her left hand in the incident.Senior police inspector Bhimrao Tele of the Khadki police station said that the incident took place inside a PMPML bus near Bopodi around 11.15 am on Tuesday. The complainant and her sister Tarabai Barane, both labourers, were on their way to Pune from Bhosari. When the bus came near Bopodi, Jakhalekar noticed that some one was trying to steal the gold chain of her sister, who was sitting in front of her. Jakhalekar immediately caught hold the suspect's hand and raised an alarm for help. \"The suspect, Bade, pushed Jakhalekar and tried to escape, but was unable to do so as Jakhalekar had a firm grip on her hand. In a bid to escape, Bade bit Jakhalekar,\" Tele said.Tele said that the bite was so severe that part of Jakhalekar's ring finger was cut off. The suspect even thrashed Jakhalekar. \"Seeing the chaos, the conductor took the bus directly to the Khadki police station and handed the suspect over to the police,\" Tele said.Tele said that he sent Jakhalekar to the hospital for treatment. \"She is out of danger,\" he said.Bade has been charged under sections 379 (theft), 394 (voluntarily causing hurt in committing robbery), 323 and 324 (voluntarily causing hurt) of the Indian Penal Code. \"We are investigating whether Bade has any previous criminal record,\" Tele said.eom/mt", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "14119081", "title": "Cooking tips for Jamshedpur women", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The two-day cooking workshop organized for 100-odd housewives to help them learn innovative and delectable dishes ended on a positive note with almost all the participants, who attended the noted chef Shobha Indani's cookery class, beamingly admitting that they have learnt recipes to win the hearts of their loved ones.City-based women, of all age groups, who attended the two-day cookery session at Agrasen Bahavan in Sakchi were overwhelmed by the simple ways the chef cooked a variety of cuisines.From, cold coffee with ice cream to chana pindi potatoes, the participants learnt the art of cooking gastronomic delights with eagerness and enthusiasm. \"The simple ways she taught us about cooking different dishes impressed one and all,\" said Ankita Modi.A total of 70 different dishes were on the agenda in the 16-hour session and Pune-based Indani took up each dish one by one delicately but thoroughly.\"The session was very smooth and our chef (Ms Indani) responded in line with our expectations giving adequate time to each recipe,\" said one of the participants.During the session, the four popular cook books authored by Indani were put out on display. Several of the participants purchased the books.Indani is elated to have received the tremendous response to her workshop. \"I am indeed overwhelmed by the huge response to my debut show in Jamshedpur. I am glad that women here are keen on learning new recipes,\" she said.Three young social entrepreneurs of the city, Rashmi Garg, Divya Garg and Lucky Modi organized the successful cookery show.\"Delighted to know that our effort ensured a successful event. We look forward to organize such events in the future,\" said Rashmi with big smile on her face subsequent to the conclusion of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "14122435", "title": "World Blood Donor day: City people still hesitate in blood donation", "text": "VARANASI: Despite several awareness campaigns and eradication of myths about blood donation, district lacks required number of voluntarily blood donors. Countries world wide would be observing World Blood Donors day on Thursday and this year, World Health Organisation (WHO) has themed the day as 'Every blood donor is a hero' focusing on the idea that every one of us can become a hero by giving blood.When TOI tried to take a stock of major blood banks of the city, it was observed that most of blood at these blood banks are received from replacement and paid donors in spite of voluntary blood donors. According to Indian Medical Association (IMA), Varanasi, approximately 8000 units of blood in total are required by various hospitals of the districts every month, however, out of this huge demand only 500 units of blood are received from voluntarily donors, which is far away from the desired target, which says that in any blood bank 60 per cent of the blood should be received from voluntary blood donors by 2014. According to the records of blood bank, IMA Varanasi, around 1462 voluntarily donors donated blood in 2010, in 2011 as many as 1865 voluntary donors came forward to donate blood while in 2012 only 861 donors so far have donated blood voluntarily.Interestingly the number of voluntarily blood donors are much less in district and divisional hospitals of the region. As per the records of Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) district hospital, only 1-2 voluntary blood donors turn up in a month. \"Most of the requirement of the blood is met by replacement donors, and if some donation camps are organised by NGO's, social clubs and other organisations around 25-30 units of blood are received on such occasions\", informed AK Verma, lab technician, DDU. Shockingly, the blood bank of district hospital did not had donors form and perhaps due to this reason DDU's blood bank had only nine unit of blood in its stock.\"The blood can be stored only for 35-42 days so we do not keep much quantity of blood units\", says Verma.At the same time the blood bank of Shiv Prasad Gupta (SPG) divisional hospital had only 65 units of blood in its stock. Records of the divisional hospital suggests that the number of voluntary blood donors is very low in spite of the fact that the donors from Ghazipur, Chandauli, Jaunpur and Varanasi participate during camps and other occasions. \"A total of 830 units of blood were received this year out of, which only 230 units of blood have been received through voluntary donation, rest all were received from the relatives and friends of the patients as replacement donors\", said SK Singh, the blood bank technician of the hospital.According to Dr Alok C Bharadwaj, secretary, IMA, \"There are several myths about the blood donation. It is essential that these myths be abolished and people in large number specially people from several association should come forward once in a year to donate blood\", said Bharadwaj. According to the study of blood transfusion, if 4 per cent population of any district is donating blood voluntarily, the blood banks of that particular district remain well stocked with sufficient number of blood units without any need of replacement donors.Interestingly, to promote the voluntarly donation of blood, IMA is using facebook as an awareness tool. According to Bharadwaj, IMA has formed a facebook page called 'Varanasi Blood Donors', which has been joined by over thousand of people.\"Myths and facts related to blood donation are discussed on this facebook page, apart from that information about the upcoming blood donation camps, timings, venue are also shared. People specially youngsters confirm their participation in the camps through this method\", he informed.According to the chief medical officer (CMO)'s office there are four major blood banks, which are at Sir Sunder Lal (SSL) hospital, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), SPG divisional hospital, DDU district hospital and IMA.To commemorate the World Blood Donors Day, IMA is organizing an awareness rally from Lahurabir area along with a two-day blood donation camp, which will be held at IMA on Thursday and Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "14106617", "title": "Trawling ban begins tonight", "text": "KOCHI: The one-and-a-half month long trawling ban in Kerala will come into effect from midnight on Thursday. In order to monitor activities related to the ban, a 24-hour control room has started functioning under the direction of collector P I Sheikh Pareeth.Sheikh Pareeth, who gave an ultimatum to boats from other states to leave Kerala shores by Wednesday midnight, has directed diesel bunks not to sell diesel to fishing boats during the ban period. Steps, including cancellation of licence, would be taken against those who violate this order, the collector has warned.He has also asked those venturing into the sea on country boats in this period to ensure that they carried adequate safety equipment with them.Navy, coastguard and coastal police have been roped in for ensuring the trawling ban and safety operations.Public can contact the following numbers during any emergency: Vypeen \u2014 2502768, Coast Guard \u2014 1554, Fort Kochi police station \u2014 2215006 and 1043.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "14112830", "title": "Naxals kill 35-year-old man in Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Naxals shot dead a 35-year-old man, Rama Madavi, at village Pattigaon in Aheri tehsil of Gadchiroli on Tuesday night. His body was recovered on Wednesday by Jimalgatta police.Madavi had shifted to bordering Andhra Pradesh three years ago, while his family lived in Jimalgatta. He reportedly returned to Gadchiroli on Tuesday and camped in Dhodgair village for a day to attend a family function.He started for his native village Pattigaon in the evening but was intercepted in the jungle by Naxals, who shot him dead.It is allegedly said that Madavi was extorting money from contractors in the name of Naxals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-14"}
