{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13370353", "title": "Backroom manoeuvre on for post of vice-chancellor of Bharathiar University", "text": "COIMBATORE: Though the process of finding a successor to Bharathiar University vice-chancellor C Swaminathan, whose tenure ends this August, has just begun, back room maneuvers have already begun among academicians in the region to win this coveted post.While a sizable section of teachers in the university and affiliated colleges have started campaigning for senior syndicate member N Chenthamarai, those close to Swaminathan have begun efforts to reinstate him for a second term. Though Swaminathan was appointed by the erstwhile DMK government, he is reportedly close to the present higher education minister, reason enough to hope for a second term.Sources close to the vice-chancellor have confirmed that he was mending fences with the AIADMK government. \"If God permits.....,'' was the response of Swaminathan when asked about the possibility of one more term for him. The risk factor here is the ultimate choice of chief minister J Jayalalithaa , who seldom reinstates nominees of the previous DMK government.Two associations representing Bharathiar University teachers and professors of government colleges have already voiced their support for Chenthamarai, a senior professor from Erode. A known academician, Chenthamarai is one of the senior members of the university syndicate. He was also a member of the search committee for VCs in the last three appointments.On Saturday, the university syndicate had nominated retired IAS official P Sonai to the three-member search committee which will suggest three names to the governor for the post. During the syndicate meeting on Saturday, higher education secretary T S Sridhar proposed Sonai's name which was approved by the majority. The senate of the university will meet next Friday to decide on its nominee to the committee while the third member would be nominated by the government. According to university sources, more names will come up after the constitution of the committee.Meanwhile, a section of teachers have started campaigning against the owner of an arts and science college becoming the nominee of the senate to the committee. The college owner, who earlier worked in another institution, is still facing charges of molesting a woman, they say.\"Apart from launching three innovative departments, I was able to ensure large scale expansion of DRDO research works on campus. A post graduate extension centre of the university will start functioning at Erode very soon. The distance education wing at the university has improved in terms of quality and revenue during my term,'' said Swaminathan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13367856", "title": "It's hot, going to get hotter in Ahmedabad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was hot on Monday as the city recorded 41.7 degrees Celsius. Idar in north Gujarat and Surendranagar in Saurashtra were the hottest places recording 42 degrees.The India Meteorological Department ( IMD) site predicted that the mercury is going to rise in the next two days. Ahmedabad will be hotter at 42 degrees on Tuesday and mercury may be the most furious on Wednesday when the day temperature is predicted to touch 43 degrees, according to the site.On Monday, while it was very hot in Ahmedabad, the temperature was normal. In fact, May is considered the hottest month and even the normal temperature hovers over 41 degrees at this time of the month. State capital Gandhinagar too recorded 41.5 degrees. The effect of the heat was visible as very thin traffic was witnessed on the city roads during the afternoon and even late evening time.\"It was very hot on Monday. In fact, this month, the heat had remained pretty leashed as the mercury hover around 40-41 degrees during the major part of the month. Last year and last to last year, Ahmedabad had experienced extreme heat waves,\" said Mitul Patel, a resident of Vastrapur.Doctors said that people should keep themselves hydrated with lemon juice, coconut water and buttermilk and avoid direct exposure to afternoon sun. \"If the temperature increases, there is a likelihood of people experiencing heat-related headaches, fever and other symptoms of heat stroke which should be treated with coolants and rest,\" doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367939", "title": "Lokpal bill delayed, goes to another panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will not get a Lokpal anytime soon. The ill-starred bill was referred to a select committee of Rajya Sabha after a trenchant opposition attack on the government for being evasive and taking recourse to parliamentary artifice over the anti-corruption law.While heated drama unfolded in Rajya Sabha on Monday, the decision to refer the bill, already processed by a parliamentary committee, to yet another panel, drew Gandhian leader Anna Hazare's ire as he criticized the government for not being sincere about the law.Team Anna will hold a protest against the delay on July 25 while Hazare plans a joint demonstration with yoga guru Ramdev on June 3 as well. Opposition parties like BJP and Left promptly chimed in, saying the government lacked the will for a Lokpal. The bill now cannot be expected before the monsoon session in August.Perhaps anticipating the criticism, the government did not initially move the motion referring the bill to a select committee. Instead, Samajwadi Party MP Naresh Aggarwal rose to move an \"amendment\" immediately after minister of state in PMO V Narayanasamy presented the bill.But the government's ploy boomeranged as the opposition, ranging from BJP, Left and regional parties, was up in arms in a jiffy, accusing the Centre of using the services of a \"friendly opposition party\". BJP MPs Ravi Shankar Prasad and Rajiv Pratap Rudy insisted rules did not permit Aggarwal to move an amendment.Faced with sharp interjections from leader of opposition Arun Jaitley , CPM's Sitaram Yechury and BSP leader Mayawati , the government backtracked and Narayanasamy was forced to move Aggarwal's amendment as a motion. It was only then that the motion was adopted.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal countered the opposition argument that a motion could be moved only by the minister, saying it was permissible to moot an amendment to the same effect. But the opposition continued to raise Cain, leaving the government isolated.The parliamentary proceedings are yet another twist in the continuing saga of the proposed anti-graft ombudsman, hanging fire for over four decades, as it is now evident that the law will not be passed before the monsoon session that will get underway in August.The uproar and waving of the rulebook by opposition MPs went on for almost an hour before Narayanasamy moved the motion and said the committee would include the very 15 MPs named by Aggarwal in his earlier abortive bid.Accusing the government of being duplicitous, Jaitley said, \"The credibility of Parliament is now at stake... Let us be upfront and straightforward whether we want the Lokpal or not. If the government wants a select committee, let it be upfront.''Yechury, who hit out at Aggarwal's \"amendment\" as totally flawed as there was no relevant motion before the House , punned freely, saying the \"government should not come up with loose motions''. BSP chief Mayawati, not losing an opportunity to take a dig at SP, said, \"Government is not discharging its responsibility properly.''The Lokpal bill will now be taken for consideration only after the select committee submits its report not after \"the first day of the last week'' of the monsoon session towards end-August.Jaitley attacked the government for subterfuge in first not allowing discussions to continue beyond midnight on December 29, the last day of the extended winter session, and then indulging in \"such games'' just a day before the ongoing budget session ends.The official amendments circulated on Sunday night included a change in the controversial clause prescribing Lokayuktas for states with the proviso that it will be up to a state legislature to do so with or without modifications. \"...the state legislature enacts a law for that state having regard to the provisions of part III of this Act as a model legislation,\" the amendment said.There is also a provision that removal of a Lokpal can be initiated by a petition signed by 100 MPs. Elsewhere, it is set out that the investigation order by Lokpal can be monitored by the ombudsman.But differences on other fronts with BJP calling for CBI to be placed under Lokpal entirely and Left wanting the inclusion of corporate sector persist. It remains to be seen how far the select committee will be able to resolve these areas of divergence.Narayanasamy, on his part, said differences on various provisions of the bill had narrowed after the government held consultations with different parties. He said the ombudsman would have both investigating and prosecution wings, and would also have the lower bureaucracy under its purview. Provisions for a fixed timeframe for investigations as well as attachment of property are also provided for, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13382366", "title": "Rajinikanth Kochadaaiyaan as 'Vikram Simha' in Telugu", "text": "Superstar Rajinikanth's upcoming 3D film Kochadaiyaan under the direction of his younger daughter Soundarya Ashwin is currently in shooting phase. At present unit is canning few scenes at Hong Kong .Now the latest is Lakshmi Ganapathi Films banner has bagged the Telugu distribution rights of Kochadaiyaan and titled the movie as 'Vikram Simha' in Telugu. The dubbing works of the movie is progressing simultaneously in Telugu and Hindi versions.Vikram Simha is expected to be the first Indian 3D film using Motion Capture Technology. Rajinikanth plays a king, a devotee of Lord Shiva role in this film. Jackie Shroff , Rukmani, Shobana, Sarath Kumar, Aadhi and Nasar are playing other lead roles in the movie. The movie will be released in Telugu, Tamil and Hindi versions at once.AR Rahman is composing music for this film. Eros international and Media One are producing the movie. The film is also expected to release big screens on Japan and China.Source: currentweek.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13373881", "title": "Tamil Nadu State Board Class 12 results to be out today", "text": "CHENNAI: The class 12 state board exam results will be published on Tuesday. More than 7.6 lakh students from Tamil Nadu and Puducherry, including 50,000 from Chennai, took the exam this March.The results can be accessed by logging on to  tnresults.nic. in  , dge1.tn.nic.in, dge2.tn.nic.in or dge3.tn.nic.in (WAP Compatible) or get it by SMS by sending tnboard12 regno,date_of_birth\" to 0928223258 or 9282232585 (date_ of_birth in DD/MM/YYYY format only). For example send \"tnboard12 123456,01/04/1995\" to 0928223258 where six digit Regno is '123456' and date of birth is '01/04/1995'. Several cellular service providers are also offering to retrieve candidate's results. Results can be accessed from 11am.Voice Snap, an IVR-based solutions provider, has set up an automated system that allows students to get their results over phone in English and Tamil by dialing 044-66334455 or 9282335565.Students can apply for revaluation within five days of getting the results. Students who fail the exams can apply to write the instant exam in June or July by applying on specified forms from May 23 to 28, said a release from the director of government examinations T Vasundaradevi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13369880", "title": "Builder told to stop filling Sinquetim pond", "text": "MARGAO: Following a complaint filed by the Navelim civic and consumer forum(NCCF) over the filling of a fresh water pond at Sinquetim, the Salcete deputy collector issued a showcause notice-cum-stop-work order to a builder to stop land filling work at the construction site.The NCCF and the the local residents have also demanded that the pond be restored to its original shape and size, and that the water and food security of the future generations be saved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13371484", "title": "Chief minister Nitish Kumar releases five books on Bihar's glory", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar , on Monday, released five books in Hindi published by Bihar State Archives on different issues. He said publication of such books should continue as people have developed interest in knowing their history, heritage and ancestors.The books released included 'Bihar from birth to centenary', 'Bihar Gaurav', 'Bihar Vibhooti', 'Women's role in Bihar development' and 'Role of Biharis in development of Urdu literature'. The CM said people, who played role in Bihar's progress, belonged to various fields and they were affiliated to different schools of philosophy and their works should also be documented.Stressing the importance of documentation of all the events and happenings, he narrated an incident in which official documents of a particular place, which had been encroached, could not be found but ultimately that document was found preserved in Khuda Bakhsh Library.The CM said the centenary year of Bihar has aroused a new sentiment among the Biharis living all over the world and they were now proud of belonging to Bihar. He said Bihar Day was celebrated in Russia , too, which was attended by over 10,000 Biharis.Refuting the charge of dividing the society, Nitish said he, instead, created a new atmosphere and changed the society's mindset and the people were now talking about progress and prosperity.Earlier, senior politician and former governor of Tripura, Siddheshwar Prasad, said the Indian society and civilization is deeply rooted and linked to old traditions.The Archive's editorial board members, including Imtiaz Ahmad, Yuvaraj Dev Prasad, Nihar Nandan Singh, Ajay Kumar and others also threw light on the books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13367602", "title": "Unaware son-in-law applied for Adarsh flat, claims ex-chief minister", "text": "MUMBAI: Former state chief minister and revenue minister Shivajirao Nilangekar-Patil on Monday claimed that he was unaware that his son-in-law Dr Arun V Dhavle sought membership in the controversial Adarsh Housing Society at Colaba.\"I have not recommended any person to be a member of Adarsh. I learnt of Dhavle, my son-in-law, applying for a membership in Adarsh two to three months after I resigned as revenue minister,\" Nilangekar-Patil said to a query by senior advocate Dipan Merchant, counsel for Adarsh judicial commission probing the land scam, on his son-in-law becoming a member of the society.Nilangekar-Patil, who succeeded Ashok Chavan as the revenue minister when Adarsh society was allotted land next to Backbay bus depot, also denied knowing and recommending the name of two other individuals, Sampat R Khidse and Anand S Barose, son-in-law of his personal secretary. Nilangekar-Patil, who was the revenue minister from January 25, 2003 to July 6, 2004, is alleged to have recommended the name of Dhavle, Khidse and Barose for the society's membership.Nilangekar-Patil said the decision to reduce the BEST plot and include the free portion as a residential zone for Adarsh happened before he became the revenue minister. He claimed that the finance department had approved the market value of the land as Rs 1.35 lakh per sq mt, which worked out to Rs 10.19 crore. \"I approved the said valuation on July 2, 2004 and the same was then approved by the chief minister,\" said the former revenue minister.Nilangekar-Patil also said he did not know the reasons behind the September 2, 2003 or Febuary 2, 2004 meetings. \"I, however, do admit writing a remark calling on secretary (revenue) to make valuation at the earliest,\" he said. According to the revenue secretary, he had called on the collector on January 16, 2004 to submit a report on the eligibility of the members.He said that as per the rules of business read with government resolution, the cases of granting land which have value of Rs 25 lakh or more are to \"be submitted to the chief minister before the issue of orders\".While explaining the procedure followed during granting such land, he said, \"The proposal duly sanctioned by the revenue department is therefore, ultimately presented to the chief minister's office before issuance of orders by the revenue department.\"7 move court for bailWith the 60-day custody period coming to an end, seven accused in the Adarsh scam filed bail applications in the special CBI court on Monday. The court directed the CBI to file its reply by May 28. Defence advocate Swapna Kode said the applications were filed under Section 167(2) of the CrPc which states that the investigating agency should file a chargesheet within 60 days of arrest. In case it is not able to file it, then the agency should seek an extension. But in this case, the CBI neither filed the chargesheet nor sought an extension. \"Hence, we moved our bail application immediately.\" Major General (retd) A R Kumar, T K Kaul, Brigadier (retd) M M Wanchoo, Dr Pradeep Vyas, R C Thakur, P V Deshmukh and Kanhaiyalal Gidwani filed for bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13374842", "title": "Shaffi Mather appointed as new economic advisor to chief minister Oommen Chandy", "text": "KOCHI: Noted entrepreneur and economic policy expert Shaffi Mather has been appointed as the economic advisor to chief minister Oommen Chandy. Mather will focus on projects put forward by Sam Pitroda for the development of the state.His immediate attention would be on ensuring that the projects declared by the Oommen Chandy government for the development of the state is on track. He said that the state should try to ensure inclusive growth at a time when the India and the world are facing various challenges. At present, Mather is the convener of the Economic Policy and Planning Committee of KPCC. He has worked along with Sam Pitroda, Jairam Ramesh and Salman Khurshid in the planning and policy wing of AICC.The ambulance service 1298 started by him has roots in six states in the country. A master's degree holder in public administration from Harvard University , Mather was selected as the Global Young Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2010. He has won the Godfrey Philips Bravery Award as well. India Today selected him as one of the Most Promising Youth in 2011. Accepting invitation from the US President Barack Obama , Mather attended the meeting of social entrepreneurs in Washington in 2009. He is a visiting professor of the London School of Economics .Entering politics through KSU, he took part in the procession to mark the 75th anniversary of Dandy March along with Thushar Gandhi, grandson of Mahatma Gandhi . He is the son of KPCC executive committee member KMI Mather and Safiya Mather and the grandson of former KPCC president and minister T O Bava and former KPCC treasurer KCM Mather.Noted entrepreneur and economic policy expert Shaffi Mather has been appointed as the economic advisor to the Chief Minister. Now Mather will focus on projects put forward by Sam Pitroda for the development of Kerala.Shaffi Mather said that his immediate attention would be on ensuring that the projects declared by the Oommen Chandy Government for the development of the state is on track. He said that the state should try to ensure inclusive growth at a time when the world and India are various challenges.Now Mather is the convener of the Economic Policy and Planning Committee of KPCC. He has worked along with Sam Pitroda, Jairam Ramesh and Salman Khurshid in the planning and policy wing of AICC.The ambulance service 1298 which was started by Shaffi now has roots in six states in the country. A master's degree holder in public administration from Harvard University, Shaffi had been selected as the Global Young Leader by the World Economic Forum in 2010. He has won Godfrey Philips Bravery Award as well. India Today selected him as one of the Most Promising Youth in 2011. Accepting invitation from the US President Barack Obama, Mather attended the meeting of social entrepreneurs in Washington in 2009. He is a visiting professor of London School of Economics.Entering politics through KSU, he took part in the procession to mark the 75th anniversary of Dandy March along with Thushar Gandhi, grandson of Mahatma Gandhi. He is the son of KPCC executive committee member KMI Mather and Safiya Methar and grandson of former KPCC president and minister T O Bava and former KPCC treasurer KCM Mather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368911", "title": "Mamata rules out support to Pranab, favours Meira Kumar", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool boss and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has refused to back Pranab Mukherjee's candidature for Rashtrapati Bhavan, in what could mark a setback for the finance minister's presidential aspirations but may not undermine Congress's status as the firm favorite for the coming contest.Breaking her silence on the presidential polls, Banerjee in a TV interview listed Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar, former president A P J Abdul Kalam and Mahatma Gandhi's grandson Gopal Gandhi among her preferences for Rashtrapati Bhavan. She specifically said she would prefer Kumar over Mukherjee.The Trinamool boss was completely unenthused by the candidature of Mukherjee, the fellow Bengali in the field; even sounding reluctant to endorse his \"son of Bengal\" billing. \"Is he the son of Bengal? He may be the son of the world. I don't think so, but it is his choice. I don't know,\" she said.Banerjee, who had earlier opposed the candidature of Vice-President Hamid Ansari, Congress's other nominee for the top constitutional office, said she would not come in the way of Mukherjee if he emerged as the choice of the majority. \"If the country allows him, who am I to oppose,\" she said.However, the West Bengal chief minister made it plain that she would prefer Speaker Kumar over Mukherjee. \"It depends on majority. It is a democratic country. It is the Congress party's decision who will be the candidate. We cannot say... I cannot interfere in Congress party's business. It is not my prerogative. But if you ask my party's choice or the personal choice, then I will say I love Meira Kumar. She is soft spoken,\" Banerjee said.The remarks may disappoint Mukherjee by undercutting the perception of a cross-party thumbs up for his hope to succeed Pratibha Patil in Rashtrapati Bhavan. Although it is not clear whether it could strengthen those who are reluctant to relieve Mukherjee, the government's chief firefighter, to play the titular role in Rashtrapati Bhavan, Banerjee's \"no\" is certainly a spoke in the perception of an inexorable momentum for his desire for elevation.However, it does not erode the Congress's clear advantage. For, while sounding cold towards Mukherjee, Banerjee said she would not break away from Congress in case of a disagreement with Sonia Gandhi over who should be UPA's nominee for president.Banerjee needs support of another big non-Congress player, like Samajwadi Party, to have a decisive say in the selection of UPA's candidate. However, Mulayam Singh Yadav seems to be in no mood to give offence to Congress at a time when his son Akhilesh has not settled down as chief minister and may need central funds to implement the populist promises that helped him sweep the UP polls earlier this year.The mutual understanding between the two sides was evident once again on Monday when SP tried to arrange an exit route for the government in Rajya Sabha by demanding that the Lokpal bill be sent to the select committee: something that would have reprieved the government from attacks from BJP, Left and others.SP's political rival Mayawati has not ruled out supporting a Congress nominee as president either.On the other hand, the candidature of P A Sangma is sputtering despite energetic campaign by J Jayalalitha. BJP veteran L K Advani said on Sunday that he was personally inclined to support Sangma. However, his colleagues don't wish to rush into endorsing the former Speaker, while JD(U) under Nitish Kumar continues to give the impression that it has plans of its own: again something that could work only to Congress's advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366929", "title": "Teachers association to protest on Tuesday against government action", "text": "NAGPUR: The local unit of a state-level teachers association has decided to hold a protest on Tuesday against government action on their members, following the students' census. The Maharashtra Rajya Shikshak Parishad (MRSP) wants government to withdraw the notice sent to teachers employed in schools which had less than 50 per cent attendance during the census held in October last year.Ranjana Kawde, secretary of MRSP (Nagpur city), said, \"The protest is in response to the wrong persecution of teachers from schools which had less than 50 per cent attendance during the students census. The census report is totally incorrect as it was conducted during a period when important holidays were going on. Majority of the students were absent due to the holidays and these officials just assumed that the absent students are in fact bogus students.\"She added that the protest will be held near the zilla parishad office after which a delegation will meet the education officer there. \"If our demand withdrawing the notices is not accepted then we will start a campaign to shut down all schools on May 30,\" said Kawde.TOI had also reported earlier that 49 schools in Nagpur city were marked as having zero attendance, while in reality they were closed for holidays.NG Ganar, MLC from teachers' constituency, too supported the MRSP move. He said, \"I feel government has not done proper verification of the students, as the methodology they used is faulty. What the government has done is visited the schools one fine day and then jumped to the conclusion that anyone absent is bogus enrolment. We are also against corruption and would not promote institutions taking grants in the name of bogus students but government must first chalk out a strong enquiry process to identify these erring schools.\"The state government had conducted the census over a three-day period last year from October 3 to 5. The schools were to be informed in advance that attendance of all students is mandatory. But the concerned education office (secondary) was not able to send it to all schools and many remained close for holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "13371518", "title": "Over 2,000 complainants throng Kishanganj DM\u2019s Janata Durbara", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Ahead of chief minister Nitish Kumar's proposed 'Seva Yatra' to Kishanganj district in June first week, an unprecedented number of complainants gathered at the district magistrate's 'janata darbar' held at remote Terhagachh block on Sunday.Over 2,000 complainants thronged DM Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti's 'janata darbar' in the hope of prompt redressal of their grievances and quick disposal, according to official sources.The complainants flocked to the Janata Darbar from 12 panchayats in the block. The DM's last 'janata darbar' at the same venue at Terhagachh on May 7, had attracted barely 160 complaints, sources said.Expectedly, complaints were mostly related to irregularities in allotment of houses under Indira Awas Yojana (IAY), glitches in BPL list preparations, disbursement of old age pension and obtaining birth and death certificates.Many focussed on inadequate drinking water facilities, poor network of roads and alleged high-handedness of the police.DM Pudakalkatti reprimanded the officials concerned for their insensitivity and apathy towards the suffering villagers. He also directed them to solve their grievances on the spot.Kishanganj DDC Umesh Kumar, civil surgeon (CS) I D Ranjan, SDO Siyaram Singh, deputy collector land reforms (DCLR) Qamar Alam and DSO Rahul Burman were among those who were summoned to the 'janata darbar' at Terhagachh on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13373206", "title": "Panchayat chief takes Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme workers for a ride", "text": "Trichy: As many as 300 women from Nagai Nallur village in Thottiyam panchayat union thronged the district collectorate to express their difficulties in running their homes without salary payment under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS), here on Monday.Frustrated villagers submitted a petition to district collector Jayashree Muralidharan seeking her intervention to disburse pending payments from April 6, 2012. The payments were being made on a weekly basis, but the sudden stoppage had affected their livelihoods, they said.Work under MGNREGS was being undertaken for the past few years and villagers were involved in deepening of ponds and strengthening of bunds. As of now, more than 475 persons, both men and women, were enrolled for the work. Prior to April this year, workers were paid Rs 100 per day, every week. Then, the village president, Lakshmi Subramanian, planned to disburse the amount through Indian Bank in MN Patti that was 6 km away. Since then, they could not get the salary through the bank, lamented Sudha Nagaraj from this village.When they asked the bank staff about the salary, they sent them back saying the government was yet to sanction the money, she said.An old woman, S Maruthayee, said \"Even if the government provides rice free of cost, we cannot prevent poverty. Salary is an absolute necessity. We are now forced to think of alternative employment options.\"When TOI contacted the president of the panchayat, her husband picked up the call saying he would act on behalf of his wife. He blamed the bank staff for not disbursing the payment despite the government depositing the payment three weeks ago. The bank is allegedly running short of staff and hence cannot carry out its work. In the wake of the protest by the villagers, the block development officer asked the bank to clear the payments as soon as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "sughand vihar", "code": "13373254", "title": "No dream too big for Jaskaran", "text": "SUGHAND VIHAR: Jaskaran Dhiman has all the reason to be proud of himself. Brought up modestly, he relied on hard work to get admission into top US varsities and also grab a full scholarship from one. This, despite the fact that the 25-year-old did not take coaching to clear any of the competitive examinations.An average student in school, Jaskaran belongs to a middle-class family. Though he landed a good job in a leading MNC after completing his engineering course three years ago, the desire to excel kept him going. ''I want to achieve excellence. With that in mind, I would study late in the night for the TOEFL and GRE tests. Despite working the entire day, I did not break my routine,'' the young man said.A source of inspiration for many in his Sughand Vihar locality and even his colleagues, Jaskaran said, ''I had a very modest upbringing. We were a hand-to-mouth family and learned how to survive in very limited resources. I have seen my father struggle very hard to sustain. Though I had got a lucrative and satisfying job, I always wanted to excel.''Though Jaskaran did not take any coaching for GRE and TOEFL, he said he got top scores in both examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374308", "title": "Parents form committee to take on school management", "text": "NASHIK: Parents of children studying at Rasbihari International School (RIS) have formed a seven-member committee to discuss the issue of fee hikes with the management in a meeting scheduled on Tuesday. The move comes close on the heels of the school publishing advertisements in newspapers on the issue.The education department of the NMC on May 16 had issued a showcause notice to RIS regarding its 'exorbitant' fee hike. The school was asked to reply in three days. But the school published an ad in local newspapers on Sunday, just two days prior to the scheduled meeting, justifying the hike in fees. Late on Sunday, the parents organized a meeting and formed a seven-member committee that would interact with the management on behalf of the parents on Tuesday.\"Rather than many parents interacting with the school, this seven-member committee will do so in Tuesday's meeting,\" said S K Jain, a parent. Members of the forum against commercialization of education have also been invited by the parents to the meeting.Jain informed that when the PTA was asked if the management had an open discussion with them regarding the fee hike, they replied in the negative. \"The members of FACE said that no one could sack our children. If the fees are hiked as per government norms, we are ready to pay,\" said Jain.The parents complained that the PTA members did not even know their rights and duties and were not elected but just filled up the forms. \"One member has been included in PTA for the fourth time,\" said Jain.Milind Wagh of FACE said that the rise in fees was by 63 percent. \"The school has International Baccalaureate (IB) curriculum only up to standard six and it is not a board. If the fee hike is because they have to maintain the IB standards then in 2007 the hike should have been more. If then they could manage with lower fees, why this hike now? We calculated the franchise fee that the school has to pay for IB and it comes out to around Rs 700 per student,\" said Wagh. He said that even schools offering CBSE board had lesser fees than RIS.\"We welcome innovations and experimentation in education but hiking fees under the glamour and name of IB is not acceptable. Anand Niketan has a different kind of methodology with very less fees. If RIS says that it has to meet the expenses of IB, then it let it provide the audit statement. Also, the income tax returns of the last four years will show how much the teachers are being paid,\" said Wagh. He said that according to a government resolution, PTA members cannot be repeated more than a year. The parents are ready to pay the fees but only if it is legally right.Administrative officer of RIS, Ashwini Kulkarni, said, \"Parents have given various kinds of publications in newspapers and they also approached the education department though it was decided on April 30 that we would have a meeting on May 22. So, we also thought of presenting our side in newspapers. We received the education department's notice on Saturday.\"Education officer Nitin Upasani said the notice was issued on Thursday and the school was asked to reply by Saturday. \"Instead of replying to us, the school published ads in the newspapers even before the meeting, which is wrong. The last line in the ad says the school can't scrap the hike, which is wrong because parents haven't been approached and the proposal has not come to us for approval,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13375014", "title": "Special investigation team zeroes in on killer-party link", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team (SIT) probing the killing of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan has unravelled a major link between the CPM Kunnummakkara local committee member K C Ramachandran, now in police custody, and the CPM leadership in Kannur.Sources in SIT say that Ramachandran had approached P K Kunhanandan, the Panur area committee member of the party, seeking his help to kill the RMP leader. Kunhanandan, in turn, contacted the CPM leader in Kannur to check if there is a mandate from the party for the 'action'.After getting a 'go-ahead', Kunhanandan, who went into hiding four days ago, is said to have asked Ramachandran to contact Kodi Suni to carry out the killing. The SIT, in its effort to prevent him from leaving the country, has issued a look-out circular.Cops had also raided his house at Parat many times in the past few days.Sources say Suni had also contacted Kunhanandan to confirm the party's approval to the killing.It has come out that one of the CPM local leaders, now in police custody, had introduced Ramachandran to Suni.Kunhanandan, a senior leader of the party in Panur, was in the forefront of CPM's fight against P R Kurup, former minister and Janata Dal leader in Panur.He is suspected to have links with various killer gangs of the CPM in Kannur. Kodi Suni was chosen for the 'job' as he was active in political murders recently.Meanwhile, cops have conducted searches in the Kannavam forest in Kannur following inputs that the five assailants who went into hiding after visiting the Koothuparamaba area committee office the day after the murder, are hiding there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13369994", "title": "Prepaid auto scheme likely from June 15", "text": "PUNE: Suggestions like reducing the proposed incentive amount to be paid to autorickshaw drivers operating from prepaid booths and starting more such booths in the city figure among the 10 responses received by the regional transport office from citizens.The RTO, in an attempt to check overcharging by autorickshaw drivers at Pune railway station and Lohegaon airport, announced on May 4 a plan to restart prepaid autorickshaw services from the two places. It invited suggestions/objections to this effect from members of the public. The scheme has proposed an incentive charge and service charge, apart from the basic fare of a journey.The RTO officials are in the process of scrutinizing the suggestions and objections received by it in the last couple of weeks. They expect to complete all formalities and start the pre-paid booths by June 15.RTO Arun Yeola said, \"We have received 10 responses so far. They mainly relate to the incentives to be paid to autorickshaw drivers under the prepaid scheme. Some people have suggested that the incentive amount be reduced, while others have said that such a provision was not needed at all. Also, some have suggested that fare for all stages be restructured so that passengers do not end up paying more. All the suggestions are being scrutinized after which a proposal will be tabled before the regional transport authority (RTA) for its approval\".Yeola said an RTA meeting is expected to be held in the next eight days. After the RTA approves it, the same will be taken up for implementation. \"We hope to start the prepaid booths at Pune station and Lohegaon airport by June 15,\" he added.The Pune railway station and Lohegaon airport authorities have been requested to provide space for the prepaid booths on their premises. \"We are waiting for their replies,\" an official from the RTO said.The official said the RTO had received a letter from the University of Pune to start a prepaid autorickshaw booth on it campus. \"The letter has requested prepaid autorickshaw services to Shivajinagar and Swargate bus stands, which would help visitors get services at reasonable fare,\" the official said.The prepaid scheme was first introduced in the city in 2001 and later in 2007. It was discontinued due to poor response from autorickshaw operators and passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "asansol", "code": "13371029", "title": "IPS officer faces probe after assault charge by Trinamool Congress", "text": "ASANSOL: Asansol-Durgapur police commissioner Ajay Kumar Nand has ordered a probe against assistant commissioner of police (West) Anjali Ahuja after she allegedly roughed up three Trinamool Congress supporters in front of a club on Sunday morning.The incident evoked strong reactions among Trinamool supporters who mobbed the Baraboni police station. Local MLA Bidhan Upadhyay led the team to the police station and submitted a memorandum against the ACP and demanded her punishment. Strong political connections of the club members prompted the police to respond to the gherao. Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikary had inaugurated the club.Talking to TOI, Nand said he had received a complaint from Baraboni Trinamul MLA Bidhan Upadhyay and ordered a probe. \"I have sent deputy comissioner (headquarters) Sisram Jhanjharia to probe the incident and submit a report. This is not the first time that I have received a complaint against the ACP. She had been warned several times in the past,\" he added.Terming it as a \"small incident\", Anjali Ahuja told media that she had not beaten anybody and the villagers had brought false charges against her. \"I was passing by the club where they had gathered and they fled on seeing me,\" she said.However, the alleged victims - Seikh Nebuddin, Hasibul Khan and Ilias Khan from Madanpur - complained to police that they were taking rest after finishing their night duty outside the club when the ACP and her guards beat them mercilessly without any provocation. They showed their injury marks as evidence of the \"torture\".According to Upadhyay, some police officers were trying to work as CPM agents. \"I have already lodged a complaint to CP Ajay Nand and urged law minister Moloy Ghatak to take punitive actions against the ACP, Why should police harass innocent villagers when illegal coal mining has totally stopped in the area? \"he said.This is not the first time that IPS officer Ahuja's name has come into been in the middle of a controversy. There had been allegations that her husband used to accompany her in the vehicle at night during official raids. There have been occasions where the police officer had a spat with railway officials at Kulti station. There has been a human rights violation complaint case against her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13365994", "title": "Set up IT, management institutes in Nagpur: Muttemwar", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar had staked Nagpur's claim for the new national institutes of information technology (IT) and management that the Union government proposes to set up in near future. He raised the issue in Lok Sabha on Monday.Moving the matter under rule 377, Muttemwar said the task force that went into the issue had recommended that such institutes be set up in state capitals only. Pushing Nagpur's claim, the MP pointed out that the city had once been the capital of the Central Province and Berar as well as the old MP but consequent to Vidarbha region's merger with Maharashtra the city had attained status of second capital. \"People of Nagpur have a rightful claim to the institute,\" said the MP.\"In the absence of such a facility for specialized education, students passing out in large numbers from colleges in the region have to look for admissions in IT, management institutions in other cities and states. Nagpur's population is nearing 3 million and that of Vidarbha is now nearly 3 crore. There is a need to decentralize quality education from major metros and state capitals to two-tier cities,\" Muttemwar said supporting the city's case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365612", "title": "MBA turned fake job consultant held", "text": "HYDERABAD: An MBA graduate-turned-fake job consultant was arrested by Task Force police on Monday. Police arrested P Madhusudhan Reddy, 28, of Kukatpally. Madhusudhan, a native of Kadapa, completed MBA from Hyderabad a few years ago and worked with a cement firm for a while.A year ago, Madhusudhan came in contact with one Murali, an employee of Food Corporation of India (FCI), Chennai, and a consultant. Murali told Madhusudhan that he could arrange employment in FCI if the candidates were willing to pay Rs 1.5 lakh each. Subsequently, Madhusudhan collected Rs 27 lakh from about 23 people by promising to secure them jobs inFCI and other organizations, but did not give the money to Murali. As Madhusudhan was not responding to their phone calls, some candidates grew suspicious and informed police. Task Force sleuths nabbed him from Venkateshwara Lodge in Saifabad where he came to collect money from another job aspirant. Police seized Rs 1.05 lakh cash, a computer, three rubber stamps, fake appointment orders and two cellphones from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13367765", "title": "Overcrowded autos still common in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Regional Transport Authority (RTA) may have allowed autorickshaws to seat up to passengers under 'Share An Auto' scheme but auto drivers continue to pack in many more passengers. Overcrowded autos are a a common sight in the city.A senior RTO official said Share An Auto scheme was approved for six routes connecting popular destinations like Railway Station, Medical College and Hospital, Ajni Railway Station, Mor Bhavan, Ganeshpeth Bus Stand and Mayo Hospital which get hundreds of commuters for other destinations in city.The official said that the scheme sought to regularize what was already a practice in city. RTA has identified 269 stands from where these autos have been permitted to pick up and drop passengers. The NMC's Traffic Department has installed display boards with autorickshaw numbers and rate charts under the scheme at some places.Secretary of Nagpur Zilla Auto Union Harischandra Pawar claimed that none of 11,500 authorized permit holder drivers ever seated more than permitted passengers. He said this was done by over 4,500 autors that did not have RTO permit and were plying illegally in city. \"These autowallahs carry six to eight passengers, yet only the permit-holder autorickshaw drivers face the wrath of traffic police while illegal ones are never targeted\", Pawar said.A senior traffic cop said, \"the RTO will take necessary action and so would traffic police. They cannot keep a check on all 16,000 autorickshaws in the city. The onus is upon the autorickshaw drivers and their union leaders to ensure they carried only three passengers and charged tariff as per norms.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13373357", "title": "Reduction of security cover evokes strong reactions in Punjab", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The pruning of security cover by Punjab Police has stirred a hornet's nest in the state. While politicians, whose gunmen have been withdrawn, are outraged, bureaucrats have gone into a sulk; top retired police officials are offended and some are blatantly terming the move as a \"planned conspiracy\".DGP Sumedh Singh Saini has been flooded with requests to \"review\" the decision of pruning security cover, claim police sources. \"However, the DGP is not entertaining these requests and is citing the deputy chief ministers' directions as the only and final reason (for doing so),\" said an ADGP in Punjab.With nearly 11% of the entire police force busy in security duty, the state police has in the past two weeks withdrawn over 1,500 gunmen from security detail, besides withdrawing escort vehicles where they were being used without authority.Among those who have approached the DGP include members of SGPC, Akali leaders and former MLAs. Former ADGP Chander Shekhar, whose security cover has been cut, told TOI, \"It is strange that the state government is not following its own orders. As per a 2008-09 order, the security of DGPs would continue as it is for two years after their retirement. I have written to the DGP today (Monday) on this.\"The most livid, perhaps, are the politicians, who have been told to give up their gunmen. Fingers are being pointed at the state government for carrying out vendetta under the garb of \"revamp\". A former ADGP, who has been asked to give up his gunmen, said, \"A large number of the defeated Akali candidates in Punjab have anything between 30 to 40 gunmen accompanying them. Why are they not being asked to prune their security? Instead selected people in the state are being targeted.\"Former Bholath MLA Sukhpal Singh Khaira, whose gunmen are being withdrawn, said, \"This is vendetta and a typical case of pick and choose. The influential, moneyed people will continue to enjoy their excess securitymen and those who have higher threat levels will now become vulnerable.\"Paramjit Singh Ranu, national president of Sehajdhari Sikh Party, who had two personal security officers till not so long ago, has taken the matter to the Centre. In a letter to the PM, home minister and law minister, he has termed the move as \"a conspiracy\" and made it known that he has no faith in the state government against whom he had waged a war in the Punjab and Haryana high court. He has demanded immediate intervention of the Union government.Even babus in the administration are sulking because of the security review. A senior official whose gunmen has been recalled said, \"As beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder, so does threat perception. A biased mind will see a different threat perception and the current security review reeks of being a farce.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13371082", "title": "10 MPs write to PM for Central University, Bihar at Motihari", "text": "PATNA: In the raging controversy over the location of Central University, Bihar (CUB), 10 NDA MPs have sought the intervention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and urged him to take a decision to relocate CUB at Motihari, from where Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi kick-started his satyagraha.The letter has been signed by Radha Mohan Singh , C P Thakur, Bhola Singh, Kaushlendra Kumar, Nikhil Kumar Choudhary , Syed Shahnawaz Hussain and others. They have accused Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal with working with a sense of vengeance and taking a rigid stand against Motihari. Referring to the government's reply in Parliament that Motihari did not have air link, the MPs pointed out several central universities across the country which were located at places far off airports.Motihari, they said, is 80km from Bihar's commercial hub Muzaffarpur and 40km from the Indo-Nepal border. The place is linked by rail and four-lane roads with the rest of the country, and its historical importance is unparalleled since it was chosen by Gandhi to start his non-violent movement against British rule, they said.The MPs also informed the PM that both the Houses of Bihar legislature had passed unanimous resolutions to locate CUB at Motihari and the state government's resolve to provide land free of cost. \"We seek your intervention to end the deadlock due to stubborn attitude of Sibal and pave way for relocating the CUB at Motihari,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ambala", "code": "13373454", "title": "Family performs kar sewa as punishment for cutting a Sikh's beard", "text": "AMBALA: A 23-year-old man and his family members on Monday were made to perform \"kar sewa\" in a local gurdwara as punishment for cutting the beard of a Sikh vendor in Ambala Cantt.Aman Kumar, the errant youth, a resident of Palledar Mohala, a shopkeeper himself, had cut the beard of Gurjit Singh, a turbaned Sikh, who runs a shop in Sarafa Bazaar, Ambala Cantt on May 13. Aman's family performed \"kar sewa\" on Sunday while Aman performed it on Monday as well.Aman had gone to Gurjit's shop for ice cream. Gurjit gave him the ice cream of a flavor of his choice. But Aman demanded extra free of cost. When Gurjit refused, Aman took a knife, lying on a nearby table, and cut Gurjit's beard.The next day, Gurjit lodged a complaint with police and Aman was arrested and sent to judicial custody. But later, following requests from shopkeepers, representatives of Sikh bodies like Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) and gurudwara management decided to take up the case for an early resolution.After hearing the two sides, the Sikh representatives agreed to settle the case after the family offered an unconditional apology to Gujrjit and Sikh community. As a mark of punishment, they directed Aman and his family members, including his father, brother, cousin and nephews, to perform kar sewa in Punjabi Gurudwara of Ambala cantonment area.Krishan Lal, father of the youth, immediately agreed to work in the gurdwara as repentance for the act. \"We are happy that the matter has been sorted out in the interest of brotherhood. It will strengthen Hindu-Sikh relations,\" Aman and Krishan said.Gurdeep Singh Bhanokheri, the SAD representative, who chaired the meeting, said, \"Sikh organizations of the city decided to resolve the issue in a manner that will send a message that Sikhs and Hindus of Ambala want to maintain their good relations.\"Sadar police had registered a case in this regard. As the two communities have agreed to resolve the issue mutually, a written compromise on the issue will be filed in the court, a police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13382390", "title": "Only Hirani can handle Munnabhai, Circuit: Rajesh Mapuskar", "text": "Rajesh Mapuskar talks about his journey from Marathi shows to assisting Hirani in films and possibly directing the next version of Vidhu Vinod Chopra's MunnabhaiBuzz is there's a toss up between you and Rajkumar Hirani as far as directing the third chapter of the Munnabhai series goes. In fact, in a previous interview , Vidhu Vinod Chopra told us you would be directing version 3.0... Look, I am not sure whether I will be open to do it. Munnabhai is Hirani's baby. He has built the characters of Munna and Circuit. Only he can add more nuances to their characters. If someone other than Hirani goes on to direct it, well... Munnabhai would be another film. How did you become a film director? It's quite a story. I started my career as an assistant to some directors in Marathi shows. Then I dabbled in modelling. Guess what, Rajkumar Hirani was my colleague then (laughs). He introduced me to Dilip Ghosh, whose ad films he used to edit. Hirani and I went on to making ad films. After a point, I started assisting him in movies. This is how the direction bug bit me. But your first venture itself has made a huge profit even before release. We hear it was made for around Rs 8 crore and sold to Eros International for nearly Rs 42 crore (Smiles) I am not getting into that. Vidhu will be the right person to answer that But Vidhu had admitted that some top actors refused to star in Ferrari Ki Sawaari. Weren't you disappointed? There are a lot of discussions and negotiations which happen with actors when any producer sets out to make a film. So, there is nothing really to be disappointed about. Sharman Joshi has done a wonderful job. The film has worked out very well. I am in a happy space. How was it like working with Vidhu who is known to be moody and a hard taskmaster? Oh yes. He is a hard taskmaster. But that helps at the output level. And I wouldn't say he is moody. I'd say he is temperamental or better still, opinionated. I kept him abreast of whatever was going on. He did have reservations at some instances but he let me do what I wanted. He told me we would change if he didn't like some things. Thankfully though, such a situation did not arise. He was pleasantly surprised by my work. In fact, he was totally at ease after we completed the first schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365918", "title": "Traffic cop runs over woman", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 35-year-old housewife on Monday died after being hit by a bike which was being ridden by a traffic sub-inspector, in LB Nagar.At around 9.10am, victim Radha along with husband Venkanna was trying to cross the road at LB Nagar. Radha, who was standing on the road divider, suddenly stepped on to the road when LB Nagar traffic SI Krishnamraju hit her,\" LB Nagar inspector P Srinivas Reddy said.A case has been booked against Krishnamraju under section 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13385393", "title": "Women are making their presence felt in M'wood: Sibi", "text": "Director Sibi Malayil says women are slowly making their presence felt in the film industry. \"Mollywood is now welcoming many women directors. Also, there's been many female-oriented movies, which clearly indicates that women are having a powerful role to play in the industry,\" says Sibi.Joining the league of women directors are Anjali Menon and Revathy S Varma. \"It's refreshing to watch women bring about changes into a male-oriented industry like ours,\" says the director, who was recently spotted at the muhurth of Revathy Varma's directorial debut, Mad Dad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13370542", "title": "Seers plan 'Delhi march' to save Ganga", "text": "VARANASI: The seers congregated at the Ganga Mukti Mahasammelan at Beniabagh Park on Monday evening and displayed their determination to continue their struggle until the flow of water in river Ganga is maintained undisrupted and the holy river becomes free from pollution.Apart from seers, thousands of locals and heads of other religious groups also arrived to extend their support to the ongoing stir for protecting river Ganga.Before the mahasammelan started, the seers held a meeting at Shri Vidya Muth at Kedar Ghat where they passed several resolutions including marching towards Delhi before the commencement of Chaturmas, forming a national committee of religious authorities to spread the stir across the country. The head of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam, Swami Awimukteshwaranand, chaired this meeting.During the mahasammelan, the speakers highlighted the problems faced by holy river and also discussed many important issues for saving the river. The harm caused by dams in maintaining the flow of the river in its complete course was also discussed.It may be mentioned here that Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist G D Agrawal) had initiated the ongoing stir four months back by observing fast-unto-death. Following him, various other sanyasis and Ganga bhakts observed the fast-unto-death demanding a 'dam-free' Ganga. The agitation initiated by the seers was supported by people of all communities and sections. While vedic students, batuks, sanyasis, devotees travelling to the city participated in rituals praying for undisrupted Ganga, people associated with various organisations, schools, colleges organised awareness rallies and procession to extend their support.Prominent saints like Chinmayanand, Sukhdev Das, Swami S Saraswati, Swami Ramkrishnanand, Swami Chakrapani, Yogi Rakeshnath, Mahant Ganesh Das, Anant Bodh, Laxmini Shashtri, Neelmani Shashtri, Kalyan Dev, VInay Swarup, waterman Rajendra Singh, actor Anupam Shyam and many others were present during the mahasammelan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13374844", "title": "Joseph Mor Gregorios may soon succeed Baselios Thomas as head of Jacobite Church?", "text": "KOCHI: The Jacobite Syrian Christian Church will soon be looking for a new Catholicos, as its present head, Baselios Thomas I, has expressed his wish to retire from the post citing old age. He will soon be 84.Though the supreme head of the church, Patriarch Ignatius Zakka I, has not acceded to the request, he has asked the church committees to discuss the matter. Episcopal synod secretary Metropolitan Joseph Mor Gregorios, the Metropolitan of Kochi diocese, is tipped to succeed Baselios Thomas I.The 15-lakh-strong church's three-day Episcopal Synod, which began in Kochi on Monday, will take a decision on the matter.The Catholicos has already requested the managing committee and the working committee of the church to relieve him as he has already completed ten years as head of the church.The matter is now before the Synod, which is being attended by all the 32 Metropolitans as well as the Catholicos. If the Synod decides in favour of the Catholicos,retiringthe decision will be forwarded to the Patriarch, who will then ask the church to hold a general body meeting for the final take. The general body of around 5,000 people (representing all the churches in the Jacobite fold) is expected to be held in July.It is one of the 32 Metropolitans who will be elected to the highest post, and Joseph Mor Gregorios is reported to be the most favoured candidate. Thomas Mor Thimothios of Kottayam diocese and Mathews Mor Ivanios of Kandanad diocese are the other senior Metropolitans.\"The Synod is likely to take a decision on the request of the Catholicos on the final day. It can either name a Metropolitan as the next head, or simply refer the matter to the Patriarch, who will then ask the general body to take a decision,\" said Fr Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the church.If Joseph Mor Gregorios is elected as the Catholicos, he will be the first Metropolitan from Kochi diocese to become the head of the Jacobite Church. All the earlier heads, including Baselios Augen I and Mor Baselios Paulose II, have been from Kandanad diocese.From 1997 to 2002, the church functioned without a Catholicos as the Patriarch expected the Jacobite and the Orthodox factions to unite. In 2002, the current Catholicos was elected to head the Jacobite faction, which has over 1,000 churches in the country and around 30 abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365991", "title": "CBI probe against ministers won\u2019t hurt government: Vayalar Ravi", "text": "HYDERABAD: Investigations against ministers would continue unhindered and in no way would they cause embarrassment to the state government, said Congress high command's temporary resident representative in Andhra Pradesh Vayalar Ravi on Monday. Ravi's statement came on the heels of reports that several ministers had expressed their apprehension to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday about the investigations.\"The government had no control whatsoever on the CBI probe. All the investigations are being carried out as per the directions of court. CBI, as part of its mandate, can investigate even the ministers. How will it embarrass the government?\" he asked. Kiran had told the ministers who had met him that they had nothing to worry because he had seen the files and knew that they were not at fault.Analysts said that though Vayalar Ravi and Kiran Kumar were seen as speaking in different voices, in fact it was not. \"It is part of the grand strategy of the high command to counter dissidents with all the political force possible. While Ravi's utterances are matter of fact, Kiran is trying to apply balm and tell his ministers softly that they have nothing to fear if they are on the right side of law - and the party.\"Ravi has been spending most of his time in Hyderabad trying to stem dissidence in the party in tandem with Ahmed Patel, political secretary to the Congress president.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368450", "title": "Students tense after Indian Certificate of Secondary Education results", "text": "MUMBAI: The ICSE results which saw more students with 90% and above scores has given worry lines to class X students from other boards as they try to secure seats in one of the top 10 city colleges. \"I know I have worked really hard for my papers and also did well in all my papers. But I'm still worried if my score will be good enough to match the kind of marks ICSE students have scored,\" said Rohit Paranjpe, an SSC student.He also added that most of his friends are worried about not making through the course or college of their choice.ICSE students, however, have other things to worry about. Some were disappointed because they missed the privilege of being the all-India topper by just one mark. \"I am very happy with my score and I know it is enough to get me through the best college anywhere. I missed the 'all-India topper' tag by just one mark, but there's nothing I can change now,\" said Tanvee Deokule, a student of Pawar Public School, Bhandup.Parents were equally worried about the competition students will face during junior college admissions. \"My daughter scored 98% (best-5) but I realised the topper had scored 98.80%. There's going to be cut-throat competition during admissions this year,\" said Arun Mehta, father of 16-year-old Ayushi Mehta, the topper at Maneckji Cooper Education Trust School.Most schools had reason to celebrate this year not just with 100% results but also with the increasing number of 90% scorers in their batch. \"Our results have been fantastic and the number of 90% and above scorers has also increased,\" said Alice Vaz, principal of Ryan International School, Kharghar, adding that 24 students in her batch scored above 90%. At St Mary's ICSE School, 49 out of 105 scored above 90% and the topper, Arunabh Mishra, scored 97.2%.\"We are worried that we'll see more dejected students this year during admissions, especially high scorers. Hopefully, the admission process will be less stressful than the previous years,\" said the principal of a South Mumbai college.CBSE website to give updatesCBSE has launched an academic website www.cbseacademic.in to provide information on its academic activities and policy initiatives.\"The website will be an information resource on the board's ongoing programmes, with special focus on training, innovation and leadership programmes for principals,\" said CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13369257", "title": "Three of a family commit suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: Three members of a family committed suicide by hanging at Avadi on Monday. Police said Velu, an auto driver, had an altercation with his wife in the morning and left for work. He returned in the afternoon to see his wife, daughter and son hanging. The bodies were moved to the Kilpauk Medical College for post-mortem examination.Police said Velu (45) was married to Lakshmi (40) and the couple had two children, Lilly (16) and Nitish (11), and resided at Ayappan Nagar in Avadi.Police said the couple had constant fights over Velu's alleged extra marital affair.On Monday morning they fought over the issue before Velu left for work. He returned home for lunch to find his daughter hanging in a room while his wife and son were found hanging in another room. The police are questioning Velu and his relatives.Neighbours told the police that Velu constantly harassed Lakshmi for the last few days.Both the children, police said, were good at their studies. But their schooling was affected by the fights between the parents and financial crunch the family faced.No suicide note was found at the scene of the crime. Velu has been detained for questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13373280", "title": "Basic infrastructure takes a beating in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: Despite being one of the largest cities in the state with the presence of world-class institutions like Indian Institute of Management (IIM), National Institute of Technology (NIT) and industries like Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL), one of the several infrastructure facilities that lack in Trichy are the bus shelters. Commuters in the city find it hard to beat the soaring temperatures due to unavailability of bus shelters even in vantage points coming under the city corporation limits.Thousands of people depend on city buses to commute to the places of work daily. Most of them have to use either the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation or private buses for their transportation. Unfortunately, the non-maintenance and unavailability of bus shelters at most places add to their woes who are already suffering due to the scorching summer. The situation became worse with the onset of dog days in the first week of May. Since then, the temperature has recorded an average 40 degree Celsius and is expected to remain the same till the last week of the month. According to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD), Chennai, Trichy district registered 39.8 celsius on Monday.V Maheswari, general secretary of Consumer Rights Movement blamed the Trichy corporation for failing to install and maintain the bus shelters in busy areas such as Palakkarai, Woraiyur, Thillainagar, Puthur and LIC Colony. \"Passengers waiting at the Chatram bus stand too do not have proper facilities. Tagged as the main bus stand, physically challenged persons, senior citizens, patients and others are at the receiving end as they do not have any seating arrangements to provide them some comfort while they are waiting for a bus. In Uyyakondan Thirumalai, the corporation removed a temporary bus shelter set up by the residents on the promise of constructing new one, but till now it is yet to fulfil the promise,\" Maheswari said.M Sekaran, member of the district road safety council said that a sub-committee comprising a regional transport officer, a traffic police inspector, a corporation engineer and others was formed to find out the places to set up, renovate and shift the bus shelters four months back. The committee also submitted a report to the district collector who forwarded it to the corporation for implementation. But the proposal is still pending.Trichy corporation executive engineer Chandran said that the committee took up a survey about the issues considering the problems to the commuters twice.S Balasubramanian, regional transport officer, Trichy said the sub-committee found more than 100 places for setting up new shelters, renovation and shifting of existing bus shelters. The report was also submitted to the corporation. He also claimed that he recently reminded the corporation mayor A Jaya about the matter.DCP (crime and traffic) S Ramayyan said that the public also should coordinate with the officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13382557", "title": "Junior artistes demand fringe benefits, better pay", "text": "In a meeting of the Cine and Television Artistes Association (CINTAA) held on Sunday night, junior artists registered a strong note of protest Sover what they perceive as unfair treatment toward fringe players. A lot of these artists, who perform one-day roles in television, complained that TV production houses do not make payments on time. The Balaji name was dragged more often into the discussion than others. They also alleged that while shooting is permissible only for 12 hours, many of the production houses extend the deadline, making people work much more than the stipulated hours. Another point raised was the need for greater transparency by installing CCTV cameras during Annual General Meetings so that selection of the board of members would be more fair and impartial. Meanwhile, CINTAA has said in their defence that they should not be treated like villains as they are not responsible for people to get work. Their job is to stand up for these artists when they come into trouble in their line of work. When contacted, CINTAA General Secretary Dharmesh Tiwari said, \"We need to create an environment conducive for these junior artistes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368916", "title": "CBSE results: Chennai zone rocks in Class 10 results", "text": "BANGALORE: In a smashing performance by the Chennai region, as many as 151,509 of the 152,024 students who appeared for the CBSE Class 10 exams have qualified for admission to the next level. Bangalore schools, too, have done well, with many students securing the dream score.The results came on Monday, ending confusion over the timing of the announcement. The board uploaded the results on its website in the evening, taking schools and students by surprise.Of the 1.52 lakh candidates from the Chennai region, 54,741 opted for school-based exams. Of them, 432 are eligible to appear as eligibility for improvement of performance. They would have scored E1 and E2 grades.Many CBSE schools get 100% resultMost students were on cloud nine with the announcement of CBSE Class X results on Monday evening. Centums were common and most of them scored high cumulative grade point averages (CGPA).The Chennai region accounts for 970 of the 6,300-plus schools affiliated to the CBSE covering Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka, Maharashtra, Goa, Puducherry, Andaman and Nicobar Islands , Daman and Diu.For instance, in HSR-Koramangala, 42% of the class secured 10 out of 10 CGPA, 33% got 9.9. The lowest was 7.8. Similarly, 36% of the class in Gear Innovative International School walked away with 10 CGPA.Marathalli's Vagdevi Vilas High School logged 100% pass; its 108 students appeared for the board-based CBSE exam. \"Four students secured 10 CGPA, six students 9.8 and 25 recorded 9-plus CGPA. We had more students with 10 CGPA last year, but the overall result this time is better,\" said principal Sridevi K.Some 40% of students from Sri Kumaran Children's Home appeared for the board-based exams and the rest for the school test. \"Nine students of the 40% have got 10 CGPA. The results are similar to last year's, and satisfactory,\" said principal Deepa Sreedhar. From National Hill View Public School, 66 of the 80 students appeared for board exam, and 17 got 10 CGPA. As many as 99% secured distinction and the school logged 100% passes. In Geethanjali Vidyalaya, 95% students got distinction.Candidates seeking verification of marks must apply within 21 days; June 22 is the last date to apply for Improvement of Performance for the July 16 exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13372641", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi's memorial lies in utter neglect", "text": "VARANASI: While the nation paid tribute to former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi on his 21st death anniversary on Monday, a memorial dedicated to him in the island park situated at a stone's throw distance from city Congress committee office remained neglected in the pathetic condition.The memorial (a bust of Rajiv Gandhi supported on a stone bearing names of prominent leaders including Kamlapati Tripathi) was established at this park of Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) in September 1994 by the city Congress committee.Though many programmes were held in the city to observe the death anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi, not a single floral or garland tribute was paid to his statue at the park.This island park at Maidagin is one of the rarest parks of the city to have fountains and lights, but shocking all are lying defunct.The VNN authorities even are not aware as since when the fountains and lights of the park are lying defunct. The garden is also lying poorly maintained. Dumped garbage and clutter inside the small pool of the fountain suggests that the pool has also turned up into a garbage bin.According to additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh, park's maintenance is a matter of funds. Several island parks of the city are being maintained under PPP model. \"Observing the occasion, the cleanliness work was done, however, we were told by the Congress party workers that they would put the garlands and flowers on the bust,\" he said.Putting the blame on the VNN and other parties, city Congress committee chief Rayis Ahmed said, \"The park is badly maintained and the VNN is being governed by other parties, that is why it is neglecting such things.\"Though not even a single garland was found on the bust of the statue, Ahmed still claimed that party workers had offered floral tributes to Rajiv Gandhi at the island park and then began their seminar on 'Ganga ki aviralta mein Rajiv Gandhi ka yogdaan' at the nearby office.At the same time, the members of City Youth Congress offered 'sharbat' to passers-by to observe the occasion in Chowk area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13369072", "title": "Team Anna to go on indefinite fast from July 25", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving the government a two-month deadline, Team Anna announced on Monday that its members with the exception of activist Anna Hazare will sit on an indefinite fast from July 25 to demand an investigation against corruption charges leveled against 14 Cabinet ministers.The activists plan to launch their agitation from Jantar Mantar. They will also demand fast-track courts to hear criminal charges against 162 sitting MPs.Activists including Arvind Kejriwal , Manish Sisodia and Gopal Rai will sit on the indefinite fast. While Hazare is expected to be present during the agitation, he will not be fasting ostensibly for health reasons.A Team Anna member said the decision was taken as they feel the government was \"not earnest\" in bringing the Lokpal bill. \"It is increasingly becoming clear that the government does not want to bring a strong Lokpal with 14 out of the 34 ministers facing corruption allegations. And Parliament will not pass a strong Lokpal till 162 of them face allegations of criminal conduct. So we are giving the government two months time to begin investigations and we will begin our agitation,'' Kejriwal said.He said Hazare will not sit on fast but stage a sit-in dharna while other Team Anna members will sit on indefinite fast.Hazare had on March 25 demanded that FIRs be registered against 14 \"corrupt\" Cabinet ministers of UPA by August, failing which a 'jail bharo' agitation would be launched.The announcement came on a day when the government chose to refer the Lokpal bill to a 15-member select committee, postponing passing of the bill in Rajya Sabha for a second time.Speaking about the government's bill, Team Anna member and SC lawyer Prashant Bhushan said referring the bill was a \"meaningless exercise\".\"Lokpal was needed because the current anti-corruption agency is controlled by the people it is expected to investigate. But the government's bill is retrograde. The government has gone back on the three promises it made in the parliamentary resolution - the bill neither includes all government employees nor does it include the citizens charter,'' he said. There were indications that the provision to establish Lokayuktas would also be dropped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13370054", "title": "Uguem to Capxem mining bypass soon, says Parrikar", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that the work on the construction of a mining bypass from Uguem to Capxem will be undertaken soon. He gave this assurance to the locals while on a tour of Sanvordem constituency on Saturday along with local MLA Ganesh Gaonkar.Though the work order for phase one of the 8.86km four-lane road from Uguem to Guddemol has already been issued, the project has been bogged by delays in land acquisition proceedings. While phase two of the mining corridor extends from Guddemol to Capxem jetties, phase three has been planned to connect the mines of Cavrem, Maina, Rivona, etc to the main mining corridor.Of the 17-odd km that comprise phase one and phase two, 11km is private land, 4km is forest land and 2km is revenue (government) land.The chief minister listened to the grievances of the people and instructed the officials of the departments concerned to take immediate steps to redress them.Significantly, Parrikar also visited the remote areas of Dudhsagar village so as to get a first-hand knowledge of the hardships faced by the locals owing to inadequate infrastructure facilities. Industries minister Mahadev Naik was among those who accompanied Parrikar during the constituency tour.Gaonkar, speaking to TOI, appeared buoyed by the chief minister's visit to his mining-ravaged constituency. \"The chief minister has promised all his support for strengthening the road network of the constituency. Besides, during his visit we impressed upon the chief minister the need to develop at least three areas as tourist spots, one at Kalay, another at Tamdi Surla, and for providing better amenities to tourists visiting the Dudhsagar falls,\" Gaonkar said, adding that it formed a part of his election manifesto.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368267", "title": "Barapullah Ph-II to connect INA Market", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi government has decided to extend the elevated Barapullah Road from Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium to INA Market on Aurobindo Marg, making commuting between east and south/central Delhi easier. The second phase of the project, to be built at an estimated cost of Rs 530 crore, is expected to begin by the end of this year and may be completed within two years, said PWD officials.However, one of the loops conceived on Lala Lajpat Rai Marg as part of the first phase of the elevated road between Sarai Kale Khan and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium is still under construction and PWD now claims it will be ready in a month. The elevated road was built just in time for the Commonwealth Games in October 2010.On Monday, the Delhi cabinet led by chief minister Sheila Dikshit gave a green signal to Phase II. The proposed 2.5km road with six lanes will run from Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium to Aurbindo Marg (INA Market) with additional connectivities, including ramps and loops on Ring Road, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg, Bhism Pitamah Marg &amp; Aurobindo Marg.A statement from the office of the chief minister states, \"To ensure optimum utilization of the existing elevated road from Sarai Kale Khan to JLN Stadium, the cabinet has now decided to extend it from JLN Stadium to INA. It will provide free flow of traffic, thereby saving valuable time and fuel.\"The existing road, constructed to provide a dedicated route to the Games Village near the Akshardham temple and the main venue of the Games at JLN Stadium, has significantly cut down the trave time between the east and the south, and vice versa.In Phase II, the public works department (PWD) will pick up from where it had left at JLN Stadium. For better utilization, connecting links will be carved out on the existing corridor on Ring Road and Lala Lajpat Rai Marg and ahead of JLN Stadium on Bhishm Pitamaha Marg and Aurobindo Marg.The project has already been approved by DUAC, UTTIPEC and ASI. On completion, the extended road will ease out traffic on Ring Road, Ashram, Mathura Road, Bhairo Road, Lalpat Rai Marg and other arterial roads. This will also work as a link connecting NH 24 to NH 8.According to PWD, a structural consultant is being appointed for preparing the design of the second phase. Work is expected to start between September and December 2012. The agency has set a target of two years to finish the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "13369117", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav suspends Bahraich DFO", "text": "BAHRAICH: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has ordered suspension and disciplinary action against divisional forest officer, Bahraich, Ram Khelawan Singh.CM has ordered action against Singh on the basis of an inquiry into complaints against him and the report received from the chief conservator forest. The inquiry found that Singh issued permission for felling of 400 Arjun trees in Kaisarganj range in an unauthorized manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13369655", "title": "Truck driver arrested for shooting at ex-colleague", "text": "CHENNAI: A truck driver was arrested on charges of attempt to murder on Sunday after he shot a former colleague in the right shoulder, allegedly due to previous enmity.Police said Isaac Sam, a native of Kerala and resident of Papanchatram, and George were colleagues at a transport company on the Chennai-Bangalore highway before Sam left to join a firm in Virugambakkam and began transporting Hyundai cars from the factory to the harbour. George was a resident of Tandalam.On Sunday, police said, Sam barged into George's house, whipped out a country-made revolver and shot him in the right shoulder before fleeing. Neighbours rushed George to a nearby hospital and the Nazarthpet police nabbed Sam soon after. He was produced before a court and remanded in judicial custody.Police recovered a country-made revolver from the spot and another was seized from Sam's residence along with several rounds of ammunition, police said.Police are investigating the origin of the guns and are looking for groups of drivers who keep these weapons for self-defence on long haul routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13374679", "title": "Online counselling for admission in IITs goes on", "text": "KANPUR: Counselling for admission to 15 IITs and IT-BHU and ISM-Dhanbad is underway these days and the students who cracked the JEE-2012 are participating in it. The counselling website had been opened for the shortlisted candidates from May 18, giving them a chance to fill their choice of courses. The online counselling would go on till 5pm on June 10. The candidates have not been asked to report in person for counselling.All candidates with physical disability will have to report in person at the counselling institutes for a checkup before a specially constituted medical board. The IITs have asked such candidates to register for medical examination and chose the IIT where they wish to be examined.For the convenience of such candidates, medical boards are constituted at IIT-Kanpur, IIT-Kharagpur, IIT-Bombay, IIT-Delhi, IIT-Guwahati and IIT-Madras.The web release of the first seat allotment will be made on June 14. Seats not accepted in the first round will be allotted on AIR basis. The second seat round of allotment will be released on June 25. The third and the final round of allotment will be done on July 6.For the first time, the candidates were given an opportunity to withdraw the accepted seat before the final round of seat allotment.This year, 4,79,651 candidates had appeared in both the papers of IIT-JEE which was conducted by seven IITs on April 8. Out of the total number of candidates, 24,112 have secured ranks in various categories and 17,462 have been shortlisted for counselling for admission to 9,647 seats in 15 IITs and IT-BHU and ISM- Dhanbad.Nishit Agrawal of IIT-Bombay zone bagged AIR 6 and topped his zone, Arpit Agrawal secured AIR 1 and emerged as the topper. Rohit Kumar and Shubham Chandak of IIT-Guwahati and IIT-Kanpur zone topped their zones. Rohit secured AIR 79 and Shubham bagged AIR 15.The toppers of IIT-Kharagpur and IIT-Madras zone were Nishanth N Koushik with AIR 3 and Rumandla Nishanth with AIR 4.Bijoy Singh Kochar of IIT-Roorkee zone topped his zone and bagged AIR 2 in JEE-2012.In the categories, Rumandla Nishanth topped the OBC category. Zubin Arya, a resident of Kanpur topped the SC category in the country. Vikas Meena (AIR 642) and Khushboo Gupta (AIR 239) topped the ST and PD categories respectively.In the OBC and SC categories, 4805 and 3464 candidates have been shortlisted for counselling. In SC and PD categories, 1,112 and 167 candidates have been shortlisted for counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367434", "title": "Conman held for nursery admission fraud", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 48-year-old man who allegedly cheated wealthy parents out of lakhs of rupees with the promise of getting their children admitted to prestigious schools has been arrested from Kirti Nagar. Police say Manoj Arora, who speaks English fluently, conned several wealthy south Delhi families by claiming association with important politicians.Arora, who moved to Delhi from Kolkata in 1967, reportedly joined an Aligarh-based NGO after suffering heavy losses in his family business. He came into contact with politicians when he was appointed treasurer of the NGO in 2008.\"He began dropping their names at social gatherings. Since he belongs to a well-to-do family, his claims were taken seriously,'' said DCP (south) Chhaya Sharma. Police have received seven complaints so far but expect the number to cross 15 as the news of Arora's arrest spreads.\"He used to charge Rs 3 lakh to Rs 29 lakh, depending on each victim's paying capacity,\" said Sharma, adding the arrest was made following a complaint by a man named Rajinder, who claimed that he and his two friends were cheated out of Rs 15.85 lakh.The complainant told police that he met Arora through a friend. Arora allegedly promised to get their children admitted to nursery classes in prestigious schools under management quota.\"Rajinder and his friends Pawan Sabharwal and Gaurav Seth paid Rs 6.6 lakh, Rs 5.25 lakh and Rs 4 lakh, respectively, for getting their children admitted to reputed schools in south Delhi. However, their children did not get admission. Arora also did not return the money. When the parents approached him, he threatened them,\" Sharma said.An investigator told TOI that Arora used fake visiting cards imprinted with the national insignia to pass himself off as a member of the National Steel Consumer Council for impressing potential victims. Although he did not have a regular income, he maintained several luxury cars, including a BMW, a Ford Endeavor and a Honda Civic fitted with red beacons and fake stickers of VIP car parks, the parking at Rashtrapati Bhavan and All India Crime Reforms Society. Another probe is on to ascertain how he arranged these stickers.\"All his vehicles have VIP registration numbers. The accused used to show off his vehicles and refer to them during his conversation with the victims. He had CCTV cameras installed at home to check on the visitors and pick the ones he wanted to meet. Once he got the money, he refused to return it. He threatened his victims that the money given to him was black money and he would use his connections to land them in trouble if they persisted in demanding a refund. We hope that with his arrest, the other victims will also complain,'' said the DCP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13386638", "title": "Moderate weight loss cuts breast cancer risk", "text": "Even a moderate amount of weight loss can considerably reduce levels of circulating estrogens, which are linked to an increased risk of breast cancer, according to a new study.Research showed that overweight women who shed 5 per cent of their body weight are up to 50 per cent less likely to have the disease.Anne McTiernan, M.D., Ph.D., and colleagues at Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center conducted the first randomized, controlled clinical trial to test the effects of weight loss on sex hormones in overweight and obese postmenopausal women, a group at elevated risk for breast cancer.\"Based on previous research, our results suggest that losing just 5 per cent or more of one''s weight could cut by a quarter to a half the risk for the most common, estrogen-sensitive breast cancers,\" said McTiernan, director of the Hutchinson Center's Prevention Center and a member of its Public Health Sciences Division.However, McTiernan insists that these findings only apply to overweight or obese women who are not taking hormone-replacement therapy.Epidemiologists have long noted an association between obesity and increased risk of postmenopausal breast cancer.A relationship between body fat and estrogen formation is thought to contribute to this risk.The study was based on data from 439 overweight-to-obese, sedentary, Seattle-area women, aging botween 50 to 75, who were randomly assigned to one of four groups.These groups were, exercise only (mainly brisk walking), diet only, exercise plus diet and no intervention.By the end of the study, participants on the diet-only and diet-plus-exercise regimen lost an average of 10 per cent of their starting weight, which was the goal of the intervention.The study measured the effects of diet- and exercise-related weight loss on blood levels of several types of sex hormones, including three forms of estrogen (estrone, estradiol and free estradiol); two types of testosterone (total testosterone and free testosterone); a steroid necessary for the production of sex hormones (androstenedione) and sex hormone binding globulin, or SHBG, a protein that binds to sex hormones and therefore makes them biologically less active.High levels of SHBG are associated with reduced breast cancer risk. Free estradiol and free testosterone are forms of the hormones that are not bound to SHBG and therefore are more biologically active.At the end of the study, the researchers discovered significant reductions in hormone levels among the women who received the dietary weight loss intervention, with the most striking results among those who both dieted and exercised.The study found that Estrone levels decreased 9.6 per cent with diet and 11.1 per cent with diet plus exercise.Estradiol levels reduced 16.2 per cent with diet and 20.3 per cent with diet plus exercise.Besides this, free-estradiol levels decreased 21.4 per cent with diet and 26 per cent with diet plus exercise.SHBG levels increased 22.4 per cent with diet and 25.8 per cent with diet plus exercise.While free-testosterone levels decreased 10 percent with diet and 15.6 per cent with diet plus exercise.The researchers found that losing as little as 5 percent of one's total body weight had a advantageous impact on hormone levels, and the effect increased with the amount of weight lost.\"The amount of weight lost was key to changes in hormone levels,\" McTiernan said.\"The biggest effect was through diet plus exercise; exercise by itself didn't produce much of a change in weight or estrogen,\" she said.She also revealed that exercise has many important profits for those on a weight-loss program. Exercise prevents loss of muscle and bone, and it helps keep off the weight long term.\"I recommend women both diet and exercise, because in the long run that should help keep weight down and therefore keep estrogens down,\" she said.McTiernan claimed that this is the first study to show that losing weight through a healthy diet that included reducing calories, reducing fat and increasing vegetables, fruits and fiber significantly lowers blood estrogen levels in postemenopausal women.\"This shows that it's never too late to make lifestyle changes to reduce your risk for breast cancer,\" she added.The results of the research could also be relevant to overweight women, who take breast cancer prevention drugs such as tamoxifen, raloxifene and exemestane, which either block the action of estrogen or stop its production.This study has been published in the American Society of Clinical Oncology .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367603", "title": "Labour unrest and strikes cost over Rs 500 cr in 2011", "text": "NEW DELHI: Labour unrest and strikes resulted in a production loss of at least Rs 502.6 crore last year, over three times more than that of the previous year.In a written reply in Lok Sabha on Monday, labour and welfare minister Mallikarjun Kharge said production loss had touched Rs 597 crore in 2009, but it was contained to only Rs 167 crore in 2010. However, the statement did not mention any production loss in Haryana in 2011, though the country's largest car maker Maruti had said it had lost at least Rs 1,600 crore due to strike by workers at its Manesar plant.The statement said 1.2 lakh mandays were lost in Haryana due to strikes and lockouts. Similarly, the reply mentioned \"zero\" production loss in the case of West Bengal and Maharashtra during 2011, though both the states reported mandays loss for the same period.Kharge mentioned that production loss in Gujarat was the highest with Rs 210.4 crore and there were a total 28 disputes. Though the number of disputes was the maximum in Kerala at 31, the total production loss was only Rs 29.2 crore.On the mechanism put in place for resolution of such disputes the minister stated that the Industrial Disputes Act facilitates intervention, mediation and conciliation by the industrial relation machinery for resolution of industrial disputes.State Production Loss (in crores of Rs) Mandays LossGujarat210.443,439Karnataka158.41,16,490Kerala29.23,81,818* For Jan-Dec 2011 periodends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374221", "title": "2 more criminals externed from city", "text": "NASHIK: After the externment of RPI corporator Prakash Londhe, who is also the district chief of his party, two more persons have been externed by the city police commissionerate.Gaurav Govardhane and Nizam alias Raju Mohammad Sayyad have been externed from the city and the district limits for two years. Police said informed that Gaurav Govardhane, a Hirawadi resident, of Hirawadi has many offences against him, including murder and terrorising locals. people registered against him, while Bhadrakali'sNizam who is from the Bhadrakali area, too has offences like cheating, robbery and attempt to murder registered against him.DCP Sahebrao Patil said informed that the externement procedure had started a couple of months back and was finally executed following a after detailed enquiry on the two criminals. concerned criminals people, they were externed from the city and the district for two years.Patil said externments were a necessary tool to keep the law and order in the city in checkof the city under control and added that there were still quite a few people who are on the externment list considering the record of body offences and property offences registered in police stations across the city.The action is necessary to keep the law and order of the city intact in the future and also the fact that the civic elections are around the corner.He added that said apart from these orders preventive action against other hardened criminals was is also underway through by way of regular nakabandis and combing operations across the city.About a week back, the police externed Prakash Londhe in view of cases like torching vehicles, dacoity, etc registered against him andPolice officials said that despite Londhe's his criminal activities, people were reluctant to lodge a complaint against him. and are aiming to use the externment as a deterrent for others.Two months ago, following the soon after the civic elections, the police had also externed NCP activist Suhas Kande.Apart from the externments, two criminals - Chetan Waghmare from Nashik Road and Pranav Borse from the Wavare Nagar,Kamathwade Shivar- had been sent to Central Jail under the Maharashtra Prevention of Dangerous Activities Act (MPDA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366112", "title": "Friday's Council poll will test Congress-NCP ties again", "text": "NAGPUR: Cracks were seen in Congress-NCP alliance during municipal corporation elections in February. The discord only worsened in the ZP elections after which the NCP preferred to sit with BJP-Sena in several ZPs in the state. The alliance will be put to test once again on Friday during election for six legislative council seats from local self government bodies.Of these six seats, two are from Vidarbha. One comprises local bodies of Chandrapur-Gadchiroli and Wardha districts and the other of Amravati. Elected members of municipal corporation, ZP, municipal councils and panchayat presidents make the electoral college for these seats. Top leaders of Congress as well the NCP have pledged to put the alliance back on track. On Sunday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and MPCC president Manikrao Thakre visited city and Amravati to talk to party leaders to ensure victory of Congress nominees on the two seats.The NCP is not contesting but has decisive vote share among local bodies in both the seats and its transfer alone would ensure victory for Congress. In Chandrapur-Gadchiroli-Wardha seat, the party has fielded veteran Congress leader Naresh Pugalia's son Rahul and in Amravati it is Aniruddha Deshmukh, the district unit president.What has queered the pitch for Congress is BJP fielding two non-political 'money bag' candidates. Mitesh Bangadiya, an irrigation contractor-turned-'neta' is the BJP nominee from Chandrapur seat while it has fielded Sunil Pote, a builder and education empire owner, from Amravati.With small electorates-379 in Amravati and 620 in the other seat-Congress is accusing the BJP of using money power to influence the electorate. On the other hand, at least in Chandrapur, Congress is facing the BJP charge of using muscle power to get the vote. Senior party leaders are confident that forgetting the recent acrimony during ZP poll, Congress-NCP will stick together. Of the 620 votes, the break-up in Chandrapur is Congress-248, NCP-87 (that takes alliance tally to 335), BJP-170 and others including Sena and smaller parties and the independent 115. \"We should win it easily and get the magic number of 311 votes, whatever tactics the BJP applies,\" a confident Naresh Pugalia told TOI on Monday.In Amravati, of the 379 votes Congress strength is 112, NCP-54 (adding up to 167). They thus definitely need help from 48 independents and 51 from other parties. Prahar party led by MLA Bacchu Kadu could play a key role in deciding the outcome. The BJP with only 46 votes along with ally Sena's 43 may find it tough to muster the numbers to reach magic figure of 198.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13381932", "title": "Double delight to Dhanush", "text": "Dhanush is going great guns. He is busy shooting for Bharat Bala's film Mariyaan followed by a movie in Hindi titled Ranjhana. He is slated tow work with Simbhu Devan and Vettrimaran soon.Buzz is that Dhanush's two films have made it to New York Indian Film Festival that is beginning on 23 November.Aadukalam, directed by Dhanush which won many awards including the National award was selected for the fest besides 3 directed by Dhanush's wife and Rajnikanth's daughter Aishwarya.3 was a cropper at the Bo, but the film selected for the film fest should give both the hubby and wife some joy and consolation.Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13381423", "title": "Anushka Shetty in Kahani Remake", "text": "Known already, Vidya Balan's Dirty Picture is to be remade in Tamil and the hunt is still on for the lead actress.With the news on remake of Dirty Picture set on fire, now Vidya's Kahaani has also been added to it. Endemol India has entered the tinsel town to produce movies after creating waves with reality shows.If reports are to be believed the producers have zeroed in on Anushka Shetty. The Arundhati actress has given an immediate nod, knowing the scope of the character. Having good followers in Kollywood and Tollywood the movie will be simultaneously filmed in both the languages.The movie is expected to go on floors by this September and is scheduled for a 2013 release.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13372947", "title": "Non-Bodos oppose bifurcation of Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: Even as the movement for a separate Bodoland state is gaining momentum, non-Bodo organizations have opposed any further bifurcation of Assam.The Ana-Bodo Surakhya Samity (ABSS), a non-Bodo forum of 27 organizations in Lower Assam, on Monday threatened to intensify its stir against creating a separate Bodoland. On Monday, hundreds of ABSS activists surrounded a police station in the Goreswar area of Kamrup district and pelted stones in protest against the arrest of one Shorab Ali in connection with the May 17 Assam bandh against separate Bodoland state.\"Our people are arrested and harassed by police because we are opposing further division of Assam. We have democratic rights to protest against creation of a separate state out of Assam. But we are constantly threatened to stop our stir,\" said ABSS joint secretary Jogest Kalita.During the May 17 Assam bandh called by ABSS, clashes erupted between non-Bodos and supporters of separate Bodoland state at Goreswar. Supporters of separate Bodoland state allegedly tried to lift the bandh called by ABSS on May 17.\"In the coming days, our stir is going to be stronger because separate Bodoland is going to create problems for non-Bodos. In fact, non-Bodos are in majority in the areas proposed for a separate Bodoland. Rights of non-Bodos are going to be curtailed once a separate state is created,\" said Kalita.Recently, 45 tribal and non-tribal organizations, including those representing Adivasis, Gorkhas and Bengali communities, have come under the banner of People's Joint Action Committee for Boroland Movement (PJACBM) to spearhead a separate Bodoland state.PJACBM, backed by the National Democratic Front of Boroland (Progressive), said the proposed separate state was not only for the Bodos but also for all non-Bodo communities living in the proposed Boroland map. Even though the PJACBM wanted to make the Bodoland state movement a broad-based one, political observers said with the ABSS's opposition to the demand, the separate state movement is going to cause serious confrontations between the two sides in the coming days. They also did not rule out the possibility of violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374404", "title": "Despite initial hiccups, Nashik Municipal Corporation staff collects Rs 93Lakh octroi", "text": "NASHIK: After overcoming initial hiccups, the civic administration is hoping to improve octroi collection and is hopeful of achieving its annual target. On the first day of taking over octroi collection from the private contractor on Saturday, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) collected Rs 93,35,000 at various checkposts and the amount is claimed to be satisfactory.The NMC took charge of collecting octroi from the private agency from May 19. The understaffed and not completely equipped octroi department initially struggled with the process of collection of octroi but managed the show. Officials from the department said that they were satisfied with the collection despite some teething problems with less staff.\"Soon, we will be have more staff members. But we are satisfied with the collection. Despite Saturday being the local industrial holiday, we collected Rs 93,35,000 octroi through cash payment on the spot. The amount deposited through current accounts is separate,\" said deputy municipal commissioner (octroi), Haribhau Phadol. He said that the department has to still get the figures of Sunday's collection.\"We get the figures a day after the collection. But I am sure we must have collected an even larger amount on Sunday. If the collection goes on in this manner, we will be close to achieving our target collection,\" he said.He, however, said that it was too early to jump to conclusions but the NMC would try its best to collect the target set before them. \"We are struggling with less staff, but once we have some more people, things would be better and the work would go on smoothly,\" said Phadol.The party in power, the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) had, on April 13, scrapped privatization of octroi collection introduced by the Shiv Sena during its rule two years ago. The administration was made responsible for collecting octroi from May 18 midnight. Since then, the NMC has been collecting octroi after an arduous task of shortlisting staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13366998", "title": "Corporations won\u2019t take waterlogging calls", "text": "NEW DELHI: This monsoon, Delhiites are likely to experience a tough time on city roads. But the newly formed corporations are not ready to take the blame for waterlogging woes, as all arterial roads, which were earlier with the unified MCD, were taken away from the corporation and handed over to the PWD last year.Recently, the Delhi Traffic Police sent a list of 243 waterlogging-prone stretches to the three corporations. BJP councillors say that close to 90% of the stretches mentioned in the list are no longer with the corporations.Of the 243 stretches, there are less than 10-15 stretches which have to be maintained by South Delhi Municipal Corporation.\"Close to 90% of the stretches mentioned in the list sent by Delhi Traffic Police are not with us. This monsoon, the three corporations can't be blamed if waterlogging is reported in the city as all major roads (60-foot and above wide roads) were taken away from us,'' said Subhash Arya, leader of the House, South Delhi Municipal Corporation.The matter will be raised in the first house meeting of the corporation on Tuesday.Sources say that the South Delhi Municipal Corporation is planning to start a campaign to inform people that PWD is responsible for the maintenance of all arterial roads. Last year, the Delhi government had taken back all arterial roads from MCD. \"We don't want Delhiites to blame the corporations for poor quality of work. This year, not much silt has been removed as the PWD is supposed to do it,'' said a BJP councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13385309", "title": "Google Chrome beats Internet Explorer in browser war", "text": "LONDON: Google Chrome has now overtaken Internet Explorer to become the world's most widely used web browser.Google Chrome briefly became the world's most popular web browser for one weekend in March, but according to figures from Statcounter it has now overtaken Microsoft's Internet Explorer for the foreseeable future.On desktops, Chrome and IE have been on around 33 per cent each, but the last week shows Chrome taking the lead, media report said.Speaking in March, Aodhan Cullen, StatCounter's chief executive, said 'at weekends, when people are free to choose what browser to use, many of them are selecting Chrome in preference to IE.'On March 18, Chrome was used for 32.7 per cent of all browsing, while Internet Explorer had 32.5 per cent share, according to the report.Chrome's market share has surged from 17 per cent a year ago, while Explorer has slipped from 45 per cent a year earlier, the report said.The Statcounter figures also suggest that Google Android's built-in browser is now the most popular programme on mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368486", "title": "Actor seeks Bombay high court help over passport", "text": "MUMBAI: Actor John Abraham rushed back to the Bombay high court for his passport's renewal on Monday. He said the passport authorities were seeking the court's nod although he was on probation in the rash driving case.The actor's lawyer, Daljeet Singh, wanted the court's clarification. He said the authorities were mistakenly relying on a 1993 circular that if any case is pending, court permission was needed before a passport could be issued. With the HC having granted him probation on May 8, there was no case pending, he said. The actor wants to travel to Turkey for a shoot. The court kept the matter for Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13369722", "title": "Kids cannot be deprived of either parent, says high court", "text": "MUMBAI: Children cannot be deprived of the company of either parent, said Bombay High Court on Monday while hearing wife's plea to stay a Family Court's order allowing her husband to take their son for summer holidays.A vacation division bench of Justice S J Kathawalla and Justice P D Kode were hearing an appeal filed by Priya Kulkarni challenging the family court's May 9, 2012 order allowing her husband Suhas to take their son Rahul (6) for holidays between May 21- June 4, 2012. The judge also said noted that during interview Rahul expressed eagerness to spend time with his father. \"The experience of the warring couples may be bad but it does not mean that the child should remain without the love and affection of the father,\" the judge said.The couple married in May 2005. Their son was born a year later. Priya left the house in 2009 and filed cases under Sections 498 A (dowry) and 326 (causing grievous hurt) of Indian Penal Code with the police alleging that he beat her badly. She then moved the Pune FC for maintenance. In April 2009, Suhas was directed to pay Rs 11,000 jointly to her and Rahul.Pointing out that Suhas has not complied with the maintenance order, Priya's advocate F A Pareira argued that Suhas is a criminal and had beaten her badly causing contusion on the frontal lobe of the head. He has criminal record and unless cleared of these cases he should not be allowed access to the child,\" said Pareira. He also said the court has orally stayed its order till May 30, 2012.\"How do you call him a hardcore criminal on the basis of these cases?\" asked Justice Kathawalla. The judges also noted that no notice was served to Suhas to enable him to appear before HC. \"You'll have to give access to the father. Children cannot be deprived of the company of either parent. As a father why should he not have access to the child?\" asked Justice Kathawalla.The judges said they were familiar with tactics used by couples to deprive either of access to child. \"We know all the tricks that are used. You first comply with the order and give him access and then move this court,\" Justice Kathawalla added.The judges said they find nothing wrong with the FC's order. They also warned that if there is no stay from the FC as claimed by Pareira, \"we shall give access to the father for an entire one month.\" They directed Priya to hand Rahul to Suhas at the FC on Tuesday. They posted the matter for hearing on Wednesday.(Names have been changed to protect identity)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370799", "title": "Cops smell foul play in Meerut road rage", "text": "LUCKNOW: A head constable of Delhi Police was reportedly shot dead and his fellow constable wounded in a shocking incident of road rage that took place in Meerut on May 15. Five days after the incident, the Uttar Pradesh Police claim to have come across reasons to believe that the road rage theory has much more to do than what meets the eye.Investigators are learnt to have come across a series of loopholes in the road rage theory as narrated by the colleagues of the slain cop before the Meerut police on the day of the incident. Even the special team of forensic experts from the Uttar Pradesh Forensic Science Lab at Lucknow, that visited the scene of crime in Meerut on Sunday and re-enacted the entire shootout to seek answers to some of the missing links, has failed to plug the holes in the road rage theory. \"We are yet to establish, if it was a road rage or something else. We are looking into all the aspects,\" said senior superintendent of police (SSP) Meerut K Satyanarain.Head constable Sanjeev Mallik along with constables Sachin Kumar and Vivek of the South Delhi district police (special staff) were on a lookout for a gang of auto-lifters when their WagonR (DL 3 CBT 8289) was intercepted a black Santro near Pathanpura under Jaani police station of Meerut. When the cops tried to steer clear of the Santro, the accused reportedly tried to block their way again. The cops somehow managed to steer clear of the Santro, but stopped to find out what the car occupants were up to. Sanjeev Mallik stepped out the wagonR and had barely walked up to the driver's seat when he saw a firearm lying in lap of the driver.Responding quickly, Sanjeev reportedly grabbed the driver's hands so that he did not pick up the gun. But the person sitting besides the driver picked up the gun fired at Sanjeev. Taken aback by the sudden attack, constable Sachin stepped out of the WagonR only to be hit by a bullet on his thigh. The miscreants then sped away from the scene. Vivek, who had managed to escape unhurt then rushed the two injured colleagues to Subharati Hospital where Sanjeev was pronounced dead and Sachin was admitted to the ICU before Vivek informed the local Kankar Khera police station about the incident.According to the Meerut police, Vivek narrated the above sequence of events every time a senior officer from the Meerut or Delhi Police reached the site after being informed about the shootout. The two police departments launched a massive manhunt for the miscreants on the basis of their description provided by Vivek, but in vain. It was only the next morning that the Meerut police noticed that Vivek had described the vehicle of the assailants as a white Wagon R instead of a black Santro as claimed earlier.Initial investigations revealed that there were four persons in the WagonR that the police which the police had but Vivek had neatly avoided mentioning his presence. The fourth person was later identified as Pankaj of Rajendra Nagar in Ghaziabad. Vivek later claimed that since Pankaj was an informer, he deliberately left him out of the scene. But Pankaj, after being traced by the Meerut police, identified himself as a site engineer working with Woodwork Construction Company of Noida. He told Meerut police that he was a friend of the slain head constable Sanjeev Mallik.However the only difference in the sequence of events as narrated by Vivek and Pankaj was the number of shots the miscreants had fired. While Vivek told the police that the assailants had fired four or five shots, Pankaj claimed to have heard more than a dozen shots being fired. The post-mortem report of Sanjeev also raised some questions that are yet to be answered. To begin with, the autopsy report says that blackening was visible around the gun shot wound on the left chest of Sanjeev. This blackening is caused by the bullet when it is fired from almost a point blank range. The autopsy report also speaks of a lacerated wound on Sanjeev's hand and abdomen caused by a blunt object. However Vivek's description of sequence of events had nothing that could have led to these injuries.Then, a bullet was found to have hit the rear windscreen of the Wagon R which the police had. As per Vivek, this was caused by the bullet that had hit Sanjeev on his left chest and passed through the right chest to hit he windscreen. However despite repeated searches, the police have failed to trace the bullet from inside the car.Last but not the least, though locals residing within a radius of 100 metres from the shootout site denied having heard the sound of gunshots at the time and date of the incident, two days after the incident a former pradhan of a village near the scene of crime himself appeared before the police to claim that he heard the gunshots. Police sources that the Meerut police is of the view that either the incident has not taken place, where it is being claimed to have occurred or the entire road rage theory itself was baseless. The Meerut police is now waiting for the forensic report and collecting cellphone call details of Sanjeev, Vivek, Sachin and Pankaj to establish if the four were together all through the day as they have claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13383787", "title": "Teacher\u2019s and MTV Aquanoon party", "text": "Sure, the mercury in Bangalore is soaring and what better way to beat the heat than by having a pool party? And that's exactly what Bangalore's party animals did on Sunday afternoon when the Teacher's and MTV Aquanoon party came to the city.The bash, hosted to launch Teachers' brand new premix, CanDo, has travelled to different cities across the country - including Mumbai and Delhi - and the latest edition was held in the Garden City over the weekend. It was the perfect excuse for city's revellers to jump into the pool with their pals and chill out.The party was a riot of colours with everyone dressed in bright summer shades, with green dominating the scene as men and women alike sported fashionable green pants and shorts. We spotted the city's music men like Jeff, Anoop and Deepak at the do, who hung out in a group. Model Shawar Ali, who was in town, was also seen chilling out by the pool.MTV VJs Bani and Anusha Dandekar added the glamour quotient and Anusha kept the crowd entertained as she got behind the console, while the DJ played just the right tracks to keep the crowd grooving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13374251", "title": "Fire destroys footwear shop in Kanpur", "text": "KANPUR: A footwear shop was destroyed and another shop, a few offices and commercial establishments were partially damaged in a devastating fire on Mall road opposite Life Insurance Corporation building on Monday.The fire brigade personnel took more than three hours to douse the flames and bring the situation under control. The fire, which started around 9.45am engulfed a footwear shop belonging to Patkapur resident Aftab Husain, in Shyam Sunder building on the Mall road.The fire spread due to a short-circuit in the switchboard of the footwear shop, leading to a blast in the compressor of the AC, sources said.Imran, an employee of the footwear shop, who informed the fire department and police about the incident.Nine fire tenders were pressed into service. Two fire tenders were rushed from Colonelganj fire station, three each from Latouche road and Meerpur Cantt fire stations and one from Fazalganj fire station.The first floor of the building, which houses residential and commercial establishments and offices besides a shoe godown were partially damaged.The footwear shop was opened at around 9.30am and the short-circuit took place at around 9.45am into the switch board panel.The flames engulfed a large number of leather shoes kept in the showroom. Firemen arrived at the spot and prevented the fire from spreading to other shops and first floor of the building. \"The fire kept raging because the shop had a large number of leather shoes,\" a fire brigade official said.The owner and employees of footwear shop and other occupants of the building blamed the fire officials in reaching the place late. \"We informed police control room and fire department for help but they reached at around 11am. Before that, a few shopkeepers rushed to the spot with fire-extinguishers to fight the blaze. Timely arrival of the fire brigade personnel could have prevented the damage,\" said a 'paan' shop owner.The cops said there was no delay on the part of the firemen. \"The fire department team reached in time and helped in averting a major disaster. The fire could have spread to nearby shops had the firefighters not acted swiftly,\" said a senior police officer. The traffic came to a halt in the busy area which connects Bada Chauraha and Narhona crossings.The owner of the footwear showroom said that he is yet to estimate the extent of damage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13380108", "title": "CBSE class X exam results: 99.66 pass percentage in Chennai region", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) Class X examination results for the Chennai region were announced on Monday with an overall 99.66 pass percentage.Out of 1,52,024 students who appeared for the examination, a total of 1,51,509 have qualified for admission to higher classes under the new continuous comprehensive evaluation (CCE) system, an official release said here tonight.A total of 2,117 schools, including independent schools, Jawahar Navodaya and Kendriya Vidyalayas, appeared in the examination in the Chennai region comprising Andhra Pradesh, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Daman and Diu, Lakshadweep and Puducherry.With the CBSE making board exam optional, only 97,259 students had registered for the board exam with others opting for school-based test, CBSE Regional Officer D T Sudharsan Rao said.Under the CCE, the performance is assessed encompassing students' achievements in scholastic as well as co-scholastic areas. The overall performance is reflected in individual subjects in the form of grades instead of marks.A total of 432 students, who finished in the rock-bottom grades of E1 and E2, are put under the category EIOP (Eligible for Improvement of Performance) and can appear for improvement of their performance as per board rules, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13374597", "title": "Shop gutted in Haripad", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: An electronic goods shop at City Tower, Ezhikkakathu Junction in Haripad was gutted on Monday morning. Three fire and rescue service personnel were also injured while they were trying to douse the fire.Haripad sub-inspector Biju V Nair told TOI that the fire broke out at the shop at 6.30am on Monday. Local people, who saw it first, tried to douse the fire, but in vain. As many as eight fire units from Mavelikkara, Kayamkulam and Alappuzha reached the spot and brought the fire under control around 10am. The leading fireman of fire and rescue service Kayamkumlam unit T Sabu (42) and firemen Sajesh (30) and Deepanker (35) were injured when a compressor of a refrigerator burst while they were trying to douse the fire. They were admitted to Haripad taluk hospital.According to police, the estimated loss is Rs 70 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "after a year of dilly dallying over its objectionable content, the indian censor board has cleared the decks for the india release of warner bros' horrible bosses. the film will finally see the light of day on may 25, which happens to be eleven months after its international release. a source from the industry told , \"the film was slated for release on july 8, 2011 but it got stuck with the censor board for over a year.it had several issues in terms of its content. it is finally releasing on may 25 with an 'a' certificate.\" according to the source, the censor board refused to pass the film saying it had too much nudity, drugs and foul language. finally though, the film has been passed with no cuts but with an 'a' certificate. despite repeated attempts, officials at warner brothers refused to comment. all said, this isn't the first case of a hollywood film hitting a roadblock in terms of release. the girl with the dragon tattoo fared worse", "code": "13382106", "title": "Horrible Bosses to release after 12 month ordeal", "text": "After a year of dilly dallying over its objectionable content, the Indian Censor Board has cleared the decks for the India release of Warner Bros' Horrible Bosses. The film will finally see the light of day on May 25, which happens to be eleven months after its international release. A source from the industry told , \"The film was slated for release on July 8, 2011 but it got stuck with the censor board for over a year.It had several issues in terms of its content. It is finally releasing on May 25 with an 'A' certificate.\" According to the source, the censor board refused to pass the film saying it had too much nudity, drugs and foul language. Finally though, the film has been passed with no cuts but with an 'A' certificate. Despite repeated attempts, officials at Warner Brothers refused to comment. All said, this isn't the first case of a Hollywood film hitting a roadblock in terms of release. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo fared worse: it could not be released in India at all owing to censor board problems. Meanwhile, Horrible Bosses stars Jason Bateman (Couples Retreat ), Charlie Day ( Going the Distance ) and Jason Sudeikis (Hall Pass ) as the three hapless workers. And, Jennifer Aniston ( He's Just Not That Into You ), Colin Farrell ( Crazy Heart ) and two-time Oscar winner Kevin Spacey ( American Beauty and The Usual Suspects ) as their unbearable bosses. Oscar winner Jamie Foxx (Ray) is the plotters' unlikely mentor, whose street credibility is on a downward spiral. The main cast also includes veteran actor Donald Sutherland and Julie Bowen (TV's Modern Family ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13368751", "title": "700 highrise flats under Ghaziabad Development Authority scanner", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The Ghaziabad Development Authority has found irregularities in 700 flats in an integrated township flouting building bylaws. So far, no stringent measures have been taken against these units, but the Authority will thoroughly study the fact finding report and initiate action. Some of 2, 3 and 4BHK flats in the township are occupied and families are living in them.GDA has been conducting a drive against unauthorized constructions across the city from the past many days. \"For the drive, the city has been dived into eight zones. The Authority has been conducting a physical verification of buildings, especially highrises across the city. The maps submitted by builders are being physically verified by several teams. There are cases in which the developers have increased FAR, while there are major violations in which developers constructed the projects more than displayed in the layout plan passed by the Authority,\" GDA vice chairman, Santosh Kumar Yadav, said.\"The Authority has decided not to take any stringent action against these units as such irregularities appear frequently. Once the entire report comes out, we will decide the future course of action,\" Yadav added.\"Developers are not only cheating innocent homebuyers by selling flats not approved by the Authority, but are deceiving GDA by not paying taxes and compounding fees,\" said Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13387165", "title": "Sargun Mehta in Sony TV\u2019s next?", "text": "Lady luck seems to be smiling at Sargun Mehta. Having done some powerful roles in shows like 'Karol Baugh', 'Apno Ke Liye Geeta Ka Dharmayudh' and 'Phulwa', the beautiful and charismatic actress has bagged another plum role. Sources reveal, Sargun has been roped in to play the lead in Shashi-Sumeet Mittal's next show on Sony TV.As reported earlier, this upcoming show on Sony TV is said to be an adaptation of Beauty and the Beast . The story revolves around a popular Radio Jockey who is not good looking and falls in love with a beautiful girl. Sargun will play the female lead whose character is portrayed as a simple and beautiful girl who loves to live her life to its fullest. The shooting for the pilot is expected to begin by the end of this month.When contacted, Sargun Mehta said, \"Yes, I have been approached for the role but I can't comment on it right now.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13386300", "title": "Dutt forced me to take Kangana out of Department: RGV", "text": "Sanjay Dutt's interview about Ram Gopal Varma in a tabloid hasn't gone down too well with the filmmaker. RGV revealed his side of the story and swears not to see Sanjay Dutt's face ever again in life.Interestingly more than Department's debacle RGV is fuming over people responsible for it. Speaking on it he said, \"If Dutt and Uberoi think I am the bad guy in Department, let's wait for Zilla Ghaziabad and Soham's film where I am not there to spoil their creative inputs. Whatever happens to Department I am supremely happy that I don't want to see the faces of Sanjay Dutt and Dharam Uberoi for the rest of my life.\"According to Ramu, Sanjay Dutt refused to work with Kangana whom he wanted to cast in Department opposite Dutt. Instead Kangana, Lakshmi Manchu played a role of Dutt's wife in the film. \"From forcing me to take Kangana out of the film to constantly cornering me to change screenplays I had the most horrible time working with Dutt\" stated Ramu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13365834", "title": "'All-rounder' thief in police net", "text": "NAGPUR: He is believed to have splurged a few thousands on friends, parties and prostitutes within a week and was planning for more when cops nabbed him. Police have recovered stolen properties, including jewellery, worth Rs 2 lakh and three bikes from Harish Charde. A hardcore burglar, Charde was also in bike thefts and chain-snatching.Nandanvan police were left astonished by the fact that Charde could a a few lakh rupees through his criminal activities within a short time after being released from jail. Charde, having several cases against him, was arrested last year by Lakadganj police station along with five others who had formed a chain-snatching gang. Now, he has admitted to having committed three burglaries at Darshan Colony at Nandanvan around a fortnight ago.Head constable Rajesh Lohi of Nandanvan said that Charde's modus operandi was to break into locked houses at night. \"Charde would scout the localities on stolen bikes for locked houses,\" said Lohi who was aided by constables Vijay Dasarwar, Ranjit Shelke, Rajesh Titarmare and others. Charde would go about gathering his tools from different places for breaking the locks and almirahs while on way to commit a burglary.\"Charde would break a community tap or visit a construction site trying to find a spare rod or any other tool that would help him force open locks and doors,\" said a cop. He added Charde would break open the handle lock of the bikes and sneak away with them. Police said Charde and his accomplices would engage in snatching chains using stolen bikes. Police are trying to trace Charde's accomplices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "13371390", "title": "All India Gorkha League threatens relay hunger strike", "text": "DARJEELING: The All India Gorkha League (AIGL) will stage an indefinite hunger strike from July 21 to coerce the state government to expedite investigation into the murder of its leader Madan Tamang. As a prelude, the party will start a relay hunger strike from June 21.AIGL general secretary Pratap Khati made the announcement while observing Tamang's second death anniversary on Monday. The former AIGL president was hacked to death by armed assailants at the Upper Clubside Road in Darjeeling on May 21, 2010.\"We have made several pleas before the state government to arrest those involved in our leader's murder. But all our prayers have gone in vain, now we have decided to start agitation to get our demand heard,\" Khati said. The AIGL invited all parties, except the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM), for Monday's programme. GNLF leader Subash Ghisingh was invited as the chief speaker, but he was conspicuous by his absence.Bharati Tamang, widow of the slain leader and the current AIGL president, squarely blamed the state government for the delay in investigation. \"Our prayer for an audience with the present chief minister has been rebutted on five occasions. This attitude of the state government proves that two sets of law are applicable in Bengal. This is sad and undemocratic,\" Bharati said. \"The CM has the telephonic transcripts of those who were involved in the murder. These proofs must be handed over to the CBI,\" she added.While Bharati had been caustic in her attack on the Trinamool Congress , national coordinator of Gorkhaland Task Force R Moktan trained the gun at CPM leaders and asserted that the previous government should take moral responsibilities for the AIGL leader's murder. \"The CPM party should take moral responsibility as they were in power when the murder took place. Now I smell a conspiracy in the murder,\" he said.The former minister admitted that it was sad the murder had taken place during the CPM regime but stopped short of taking the entire blame. \"It is sad that our government was there when Tamang was murdered. But, we will urge the leader of the Opposition who is also a senior leader of our party, to take up the issue in the Assembly and also with the present chief minister,\" said Bhattacharya who was taken aback by the spirited allegation.However, on the question from media persons on the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration issue, the Communist leader said, \"Our party does not believe in 'dhoka' politics and keeping people in the dark. The GTA ball is in GJM's and state government's court and they will have to decide its fate. As far as our party stand is concerned we want peace and democracy in the Hills\".Today's meeting was organized at the very spot where the AIGL leader was murdered. The administration taking cue from the previous faux pass had arranged heavy police bandobast and cordoned off the meeting venue to avert any disturbances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13365653", "title": "'Go for participatory wildlife management'", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as reactions condemning poaching of tigers in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve ( TATR) landscape are pouring in, NGOs and conservationists have been coming up with several suggestions and ideas to handle the situation.Dilip Gode, secretary of the Vidarbha Nature Conservation Society ( VNCS), said there are some good examples of community forest management where wildlife protection has been given top priority. \"It is again time to initiate an action of participatory wildlife management in select areas by building public trust,\" he said.\"The Borda episode (tiger chopped into 10 pieces) is a conspiracy cooked by a gang very systematically operating in the area since long. Everybody knew that its leaders stay at some places in Madhya Pradesh. Yet, we unable to control the poaching incidents,\" says Gode.He felt it's futile to set up task forces. \"What has happened to earlier such investigations and task forces. Have their recommendations been implemented,\" asked Gode.Gode demanded that responsibility be fixed and stern action against those forest officials neglecting their duties. \"Investigate the matter by constituting a committee under a retired high court judge with officials from revenue, police, forest and representatives of credible NGOs,\" said Gode.As a state wildlife board (SWB) member, Gode had raised the issue of wildlife management in non-PAs. The government had set up a committee to find problems and prepare implementable management plan but the panel failed to function due to apathy of a top officer of the department who headed the committee.Another tiger escapes trapA tiger escaped a nylon wire trap, set for herbivores, on Monday in Pipardol forest under the Pandharkawda forest division in Yavatmal district. Forest officials told TOI that the incident came to light around 6.30pm. Even as a rescue team was getting ready to leave Nagpur, the tiger managed to extricate itself from the net. The forest officials have launched a hunt for local poachers. The spot is 20km by road from Tipeshwar Wildlife Sanctuary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13372602", "title": "Two Ulfa linkmen held in Goalpara", "text": "GUWAHATI: In a joint operation, city police's operations wing and Goalpara Police nabbed two linkmen of Ulfa's Paresh Baruah faction, along with explosives, from the Assam-Meghalaya border in Goalpara district.They have been identified as Bekingson Marak and Jyoti Charan Boro. The sleuths also found 3.5 kg of suspected RDX, live detonators, a remote controlled device, a chart describing how to assemble a bomb and some incriminating documents on the duo.Preliminary investigation has revealed that the two belong to the same group that lobbed grenade on a BSF convoy a month ago. \"These two belong to the group which operates from the Assam-Meghalaya bordering areas. They have been trained in Bangladesh ,\" said a senior police officer of the operations wingOn March 30, suspected Ulfa ultras lobbed a grenade at a convoy of vehicles carrying BSF personnel at Rajapara in Kamrup district. The convoy of five vehicles, carrying BSF personnel, was going to Tura in Meghalaya when unidentified miscreants hurled a grenade at one of the vehicles, injuring a BSF personnel.\"Though we are not sure about their plans, the explosives were meant for some terror strike in and around city. We have found a tutorial chart describing the process of assembling them,\" added the official.Sources said the two belong to Ulfa's unit headed by Dristi Rajkhowa. There are reports that the faction is in close contact with GNLA. On May 18, security forces found a powerful IED at a gas pipeline in the Aideubari area of Sivasagar district.\"Ulfa militants are trying to carry out subversive activities in the state. They want to create panic among people,\" said a top police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13387559", "title": "Sanjay got Kangna removed from Department: RGV", "text": "Now that his film Department has been released, Ram Gopal Varma is in a tell-all mood. The firebrand filmmaker has been tweeting his heart out, after being hurt by the barrage of criticism coming his way from Sanjay Dutt and his crony Dharam Uberoi.Foes foreverIt seems the relationship between Ramu and Sanjay Dutt has touched an all-time low. That's why Ramu tweeted: \" Whatever else happening to Department, I am supremley happy tht I don't nd 2 see the faces of Sanjay dutt nd Dharam uberoi fr rest of my life!'Interference galoreThere seems to be a solid reason behind Ramu's anger, and his tweets indicate that Sanjay interfered a lot during the making of his film Department. \"Frm forcing me 2 take kangna out of the film 2 constantly cornering me 2 change screenplay, I had the most horrible time wrking wth dutt,\" tweeted Ramu .Wrath continuesNot one to forgive and forget so easily, Ramu has gone on to add: \"If Dutt n uberoi think I am the bad in Dept, let's wait for zilla ghaziabad nd sohams film whr I am not there 2 spoil their creative inputs.\"It seems Ramu ki gusse ki aag itni jaldi nahin bujhegi!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13370088", "title": "Suburban residents get shock treatment daily", "text": "CHENNAI: Low-lying high tension (HT) power cables in many residential areas in Cantonment Pallavaram, Pammal, Anakaputhur and Nagelkeni are putting the lives of residents at risk.The latest incident took place on Sunday. A 12-year-old boy accidently touched a HT power line while playing with friends on the terrace of his house. He sustained minor injuries.According to norms, all overhead cables should be replaced with underground ones wherever possible. \"Power lines cut across the terraces of most houses and remain no-go areas for us. Children are prevented from going to the terrace, but some still do,\" said S Sankar, a resident in Pammal.HT lines carry more than 110KV of power and these lines supply electricity to industrial units in Anakaputhur, Pammal and leather tanneries in Nagelkeni. There are nearly 400 leather tanneries in Nagelkeni alone.\"Most of these areas have a lot of industrial units. They were set up here many decades ago before residential colonies came up. The electric posts too were erected many years earlier in order to supply power to such units. Relocation of these posts along with wires is not only time consuming but will costs us more a lot more. With a huge shortage of manpower and less funds, it is difficult to get nod from our higher-ups,\" said an official from the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB).However, residents and local body officials in Anakaputhur and Pammal municipalities slammed the TNEB for its approach and said that human lives are more important than time taken to relocate the electric posts and the money involved.These high tension wires cut across many residential areas such as MGR Nagar, Kasturibhai Nagar and Sri Venketashwara Nagar and also a few areas in Pammal municipality, they said.An estimated 10,000 residents are affected by these low-lying electric wires.As the electric wires criss-cross above the ground floor of houses, owners are unable to construct additional floors. In some houses, the electric posts are located within the premises of the houses.Residents of MGR Nagar and Sri Venketasawara Nagar are from the low-income group and reside in huts and in Union government-sponsored single floor concrete houses. Here, the electric wires lie very low often resulting in electric sparks that cause fire in these localities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13367310", "title": "Early asthma diagnosis helps manage disease: Doctors", "text": "NAGPUR: Children are generally more prone to falling ill. No wonder that when children are seen coughing, even recurrent bouts of cough, parents and even doctors think it is not alarming. Many times, however, these illnesses may be signs of asthma.Concerned by the increasing number of children affected by this allergic disorder, paediatricians have decided to spread awareness among parents and teachers about the disease. Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP) has made an action plan to spreading the word about prevention, diagnosis and management of the disease to mark 'Asthma Awareness Month'.\"Increasing urbanization and migration has caused a considerable rise in lung diseases, especially bronchial asthma. Unlike in adults, repeated episodes of cough, breathlessness and missing school as a result of it do not directly point to the presence of asthma. The different manifestation of the disease in different individuals makes it difficult to diagnose the disease,\" said Dr Kuldeep Sukhdeve, vice-president of city chapter of IAP. Being undiagnosed, most of these children have a poor quality of life, not having the right attention span in school and getting easily tired by physical tasks, he said.\"Every second or third child suffers from a mild form of the disease known as mild intermittent asthma, unknown to themselves as well as people around them. The first sign of the disease can be recurrent cough. For those with more prominent problems, the disorder could lead to poor scholastic as well as physical performance, as they get tired very fast,\" said Dr Jayant Upadhyay, president of the city branch of IAP. If these children are diagnosed correctly and treatment starts accordingly, they could contribute better towards their schools, families and the society at large, he said.These days it is possible to manage asthma and its symptoms without interfering with the normal life of the children, informed paediatrician Dr Rajkumar Kiratkar, secretary of IAP, Nagpur. \"The most important part of the management, though, still remains identifying and avoiding the triggers that bring about the allergy in an individual. One thing that parents and caregivers need to keep in mind is that even the slightest of symptoms should never be ignored and a doctor's help should be taken as soon as possible,\" he said.It is only in the Indian subcontinent that people ask for oral medication for asthma, most countries have long switched over to inhalers, said doctors. \"These inhalers affect the lung directly rather than going through the whole body. This reduces the time taken for the drug to act, as well as the number of hospital visits, while increasing its efficacy,\" informed Dr Anil Raut.Dr Yashwant Patil insisted that if the parents and doctors are able to diagnose the disease early, its management will be much cheaper, simpler and better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371854", "title": "Floatel sails away to dry dock", "text": "KOLKATA: One could call it a hotel that floats. Or one could call it a ship that doubles as a hotel. After being coming a part of Kolkata's riverfront (in fact, one of the best things to happen to it so far) for over the last seven years, Floatel - the only floating hotel in the country - decided to do a vanishing act one fine morning. It's been nearly a week now since Floatel left its moorings in between the Millennium Park and Chandpal Ghat jetties, setting the rumour mills on the roll. and tongues have already started wagging.\"It suffered extensive damage during high tide and was taken away for repairs,\" a ferryboat sailor said. But a commuter disagreed. \"Its licence has been cancelled as it clashed with the government's plans to beautify the riverfront,\" he said with conviction. There can be nothing further from the truth. The floating hotel has moved from its designated location, no doubt, but has not travelled far. Neither has it suffered damage nor did the government seek its removal.\"We are aware that there is a lot of speculation about the missing hotel, which is actually a ship. People should be aware that we maintain the highest levels of safety and this is certified by Lloyds Register. This certificate is to be renewed every five years. After completing five years, we got an extension for two yearsrunning. This year, we decided to take the structure to the dry dock at Netaji Subhas Dock and get a full inspection done,\" said Manab Pal, managing director, Manor Floatel Ltd.Floatel was moved away by tug on the morning of May 15 and the management expects it to return to the riverbank by May 27 or May 28. According to sources, the Indian Register of Shipping - the representatives of Lloyds Register in India - has already completed the inspection and the certificate will be issued soon. So far as repairs are concerned, a couple of old plates may have to be replaced, which isn't such a big deal for a structure that has floated for seven long years.According to Pal, when Floatel returns, she will have a special coat of paint in the bottom to prevent rusting. The paint, a very expensive one, has been brought from Sweden and is used to paint offshore oil rigs. The ship will also When Floatel finally returns to her moorings, she will have a thick rubber-like coating around her bottom part.For the time being, the 49-room hotel is not taking in guests. An interesting structure greets people entering from the Strand Road side. On the way to the river where the hotel was moored, there is a large cut-out of two women holding up a sheet beyond which the silhouette of another woman with a towel can be made out. \"The idea is to convey to guests that the lady beyond is cleaning herself and will be back soon,\" Pal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13373752", "title": "Probe against senior cop in sex harassment row", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The senior IPS officer who has been accused of making lewd calls to a junior woman colleague has been put under the scanner. An internal inquiry has been initiated into the sexual harassment complaint. Additional director general of police (DGP), CID, crime, P P Pandey has been asked to head the probe.As news of sexual harassment spread, the accused senior cop apparently tried to clear his tracks by calling up the woman officer to assure her she would not receive calls from him in the future. He claimed his handset had some technical problems because of which her number was dialled. The cop also said he has changed his handset and deleted her name from the phone book to avoid such calls in the future.However, the woman officer is not ready to back down. \"She is weighing her legal options,\" said police sources. The senior IPS officer found himself in the dock when the woman cop - a deputy superintendent of police - approached the DGP and told him about the issue. \"We consider this a gross indiscipline by a senior police officer who has held several influential posts in the past,\" said a senior cop in Gandhinagar.\"The norms say that the cop heading such a probe has to be a senior of the accused. That is why Pandey has been given the responsibility,\" said a senior Gujarat police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367124", "title": "Mallya Junior nice host, tweet disappointing: Sahil Peerzada", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sahil Peerzada, who was allegedly assaulted by IPL cricketer Luke Pomersbach on Friday morning after a party at the Maurya hotel, was discharged from hospital on Monday afternoon. Sahil, who reportedly suffered partial hearing loss in the attack, said he was recovering after the surgery. Speaking exclusively to TOI, he recounted the events leading up to the alleged incident of molestation and assault.Sahil said he returned to his suite after the IPL match on Thursday and headed for the party at Dublin club in the same hotel. \"I went to the party with my friend Moiz. I have met Siddharth Mallya a few times earlier and he was always friendly. At the party, he was being a great host and behaved very well with me. Later, Zoe (Zohal) joined us at the party as she had gone to the room to refresh herself.\"\"I was disappointed with the statements made by Siddharth Mallya later in his tweets. I did not like the language used and did not expect him to say the kind of things he said. He should apologize.\"Sahil said when he met Luke at the party, the cricketer was behaving decently. \"He was nice, and not behaving in any offensive manner. He even invited us for drinks to his room, and I declined, saying that I wanted to call it a night.\"However, he said, Luke followed him out of the party. \"He was following us as we left the party, and I could not really say no. He had been nice enough, and I didn't want to be rude. When he came upstairs with us to the room, I asked him to make himself comfortable and sit down. Zohal said she wanted to retire to bed after a few minutes, and got up to leave, which is when Luke molested her,\" said Sahil.\"I stood up and politely told him to leave. I just said, 'Leave the room', but he assaulted me. We were surprised by his behaviour.\"Sahil said he had given his complaint against Luke and wanted the law to take its course. \"What has happened cannot be undone. I just want the courts to decide now, and want nothing to do with him. He should apologize for his behaviour; it was unwarranted.\"Reacting to rumours that he used to be an actor and a model, Sahil said he had never been either. \"I am surprised where these rumours are arising from but I am a businessman and am in the infrastructure and construction business.\"Claiming that he had nothing to do with IPL or match fixing, Sahil said he was a sports buff and enjoyed watching matches. \"Friday's match was the first IPL match of the season that I had watched. Zohal doesn't even know what IPL is, and it was the first such match she has ever seen. She was actually quite bored there.\"Sahil has also been linked with a line of female celebrities. \"I have not had such a string of relationships. I was in a serious relationship with Shama (Sikander, a TV actress), that's all. I have known Zohal for the last six years now and we are very close and I don't want to publicly discuss my personal relationship,\" he said.Meanwhile, Zohal is rumoured to have been married to Mumbai-based businessman Shlok Baghtiani. Sahil said, \"He was just a person I used to bump into at the gym, and Zohal knows him as my friend. We do not owe such personal clarification to anybody. Let the court decide on the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370553", "title": "Hi-tech impersonator caught in Aligarh Muslim University's engineering entrance exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: Arrest of an impersonator allegedly using electronic equipments for cheating in the Aligarh Muslim University's engineering entrance examination is not the first incident of its kind. There have been several incidents, which show how candidates apply their brain to device innovating 'copying techniques'.On Sunday, an impersonator, Merajuddin (19), was nabbed at AMU for using a high definition micro-camera in the wrist watch for scanning the question paper and sending images as MMS through mobile phone strapped on his thighs to Rashid at a coaching centre in city's Kapoorthala locality. After solving the multiple choice questions, Rashid was dictating the answer on mobile phone received by the accused on blue tooth receiver.Later, Merajuddin revealed that he had qualified AMU engineering test in 2009-10. However, in 2010-11, he cleared the All India Engineering Entrance Examination and at present was pursuing BTech from National Institute of Technology, Tamil Nadu. He also admitted to have been paid Rs one lakh for impersonation.\"Candidate Merajuddin was impersonating for Zeeshan Ahmed Khan. Within 15 minutes after the exam began, the invigilator caught him, as he was behaving in a suspicious manner. He was taken to the proctor office, where he was searched. We found he was carrying a cell phone and wrist watch with camera,\" AMU spokesperson, Rahat Abrar told TOI. \"Interrogation revealed that Rashid was the 'engineering mind' behind the entire exercise,\" he added. Merajuddin was later handed over to the police. Over 40,000 candidates appeared registered for the AMU engineering entrance exam held in seven cities across the country on Sunday. \"Though impersonators have been caught in the past as well, but Merajuddin was a unique case,\" he said.Aligarh police is now taking help of Lucknow police to track down the mastermind in the state capital. The police suspect that there can be more such cases.A couple of years back, two students in medical university were caught using exclusively tailored outfits with concealed wires running through the shirt to the trousers, connecting ear/microphones stitched within the folds of the cuff, to the mobile phone strapped to the thighs. There were two outlets in the cuff -- one for microphone and other for earphone. The concealed wires ran through the inner lining on the shirt to the lower end, from where a pin came out which was attached to a socket stitched within the folds of the waist-line of the trousers. The concealed wire then ran through the trousers with an opening near the thighs where the mobile phone was strapped. The boys were taking dictation through mobile phone from their 'friends' outside the campus.In a bid to check impersonations, authorities in the state have introduced the provision of taking thumb impression of students in the application form which is later matched at the examination centre during the test and later when students come for counselling for allotment of seat and finally when they take admission in a college. This is to ensure that the applicant who has applied is the same who took exams, appeared in the counselling and took admission. However, 'munna bhais' in UP have found a way to beat the check. A few years back, in UP Post Graduate Medical Entrance Test, two students were caught with microfilms on their thumbs. The same microfilm was used by their impersonators for thumb impressions on the examination day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13367898", "title": "Ghatkopar society gets 5 plots back", "text": "MUMBAI: After more than a decade-long court struggle against a developer, the keys to five recreation ground plots were recently handed over to the jubilant residents of Garodia Nagar in Ghatkopar (E).On Friday, many senior citizens attended the formal ceremony of handing over of the plots.Garodia Nagar Residents' Federation mainly comprises 1,896 buildings, with 15,000-odd residents who will now have access to five open spaces, measuring over 15,000 sq m.The struggle began in 1985, when the developer started misusing the five plots meant for RG by allegedly gifting them away to other parties. The plots belonged to Garodia Nagar colony, for which the builder had given an undertaking to the BMC to fully develop the area in Ghatkopar (East), develop the RGs and hand over the plots to the Garodia Nagar Residents' Federation.\"We wrote to then BMC commissioner S Tinaikar and half-a-dozen municipal commissioners visited the plots. Ultimately, we filed a PIL in 2001 and the chief justice said that since it's a civic problem, let the municipal commissioner intervene in the matter. The BMC's DMC Zone VI was appointed to look into the matter. When he called us, the developer as well as Garodia Nagar residents made a presentation before the BMC,\" said BGK Murthy (78), a resident of Garodia Nagar Colony.Residents were told that they wouldn't get the plot unless they formed a Federation of Societies. Within three months, they formed a federation and got it registered under the Societies Act. When they didn't get a satisfactory response, they filed another PIL in 2003.\"A letter was given to the developer to hand over the plots to the federation. He challenged the order in the Bombay HC with a writ petition and it was quashed on December 6, 2006,\" said Murthy. Despite losing the writ petition, the developer didn't hand over the plots. So, residents pursued with the HC and got the plots back. The order was given on October 5, 2011. The developer handed over the plots to the BMC in December 2011.On May 7, 2012, the HC finally ordered the BMC to hand over the plots to the Garodia Nagar Federation of Housing Societies.\"We are going to develop them into recreation grounds and contact some sponsors. We have so many aged people and kids residing here,\" said Murthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371994", "title": "Supreme Court stays Kalighat devotee bar order", "text": "KOLKATA: The Supreme Court on Monday stayed a Calcutta high court April 20 order which stopped all devotees, including VIPs and VVIPs, from entering the Kalighat temple's sanctum sanctorum either for darshan or to offer pujas. In its order, the high court had also said that only two pujaris specified by the Kalighat Temple Committee can enter the garbha griha but neither of them could let anyone else in it.A vacation bench of justices Deepak Verma and S J Mukhopadhyay also directed the state government, the Centre and the Kalighat Temple Committee to file their responses in four weeks. The court, however, said that the Kalighat Temple Committee would follow the high court's direction on temple cleanliness. The apex court observed that while devotees are not permitted in the sanctum sanctorum in south Indian temples - due to the concept of 'darshan' - in north and east India, there is a concept of 'puja' and touching the feet of the deity.The Supreme Court had on May 15 issued notice to the central and state government on a petition that devotees be permitted to enter the sanctum sanctorum of the Kalighat temple after the Kalighat Temple Committee counsel Rana Mukherjee informed the court in a petition that the HC-imposed ban on the entry of devotees was posing a law and order problem. The petition also contended that such a restriction violated the fundamental rights of the devotees.On April 20, a Calcutta high court division bench of Chief Justice J N Patel and Justice Sambuddha Chakrabarti had passed the order after hearing a prayer seeking directions to the temple committee to ensure that the temple in general and the sanctum sanctorum in particular be kept clean. The prayer also stressed on the malpractices and harassment of visitors to the temple. The prayer also sought direction that the devotees should not be allowed to throw flowers at the idol and the sanctum sanctorum should not be littered with any kind of material, including flowers.In a slew of directions, the high court then ordered that only two priests designated by temple authorities would be present within the sanctum sanctorum. The high court had also ruled that no one should be allowed to accept offerings of money or valuables from devotees. The high court directed the temple committee to make necessary arrangements so that all the offerings made by the devotees were credited in the account of the temple and not appropriated by the pujaris. It also instructed police to arrange for adequate security so that devotees and visitors were not cheated by people posing as pujaris and pandas.The Kalighat Temple Committee, however, challenged this order in the apex court saying this order did not take into account the \"religious sentiments and emotions of the public at large\" as the Kalighat temple houses the \"sacred deity of the Sree Kalimata Thakurani\", which is an important place of pilgrimage for Hindus from all over the country. Considered an Adi Shakti Peeth, the temple is believed to be more than 200 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13370739", "title": "Biology paper was 'easy', but not Maths", "text": "MYSORE: Even as they wait for their II PU results, students, who attended the Common Entrance Test (CET) on Monday, found the Maths paper difficult to crack.Two days ahead of the announcement of II PU results, the students appeared for CET at 12 centres across the city. They said Biology paper was \"easy\", but not Maths, which was a tough nut to crack. \"Biology was easy, but I faced difficulty with Maths paper,\" Sneha L K, a student of the JSS College for Women, told TOI. However, that has not dent Sneha's confidence. She is all set to crack the other two papers -- Physics and Chemistry -- on Tuesday.Sagar M from Maharaja's PU College too endorsed Sneha's view on the Monday's papers. \"I feel Physics paper will be tough,\" he said. Yashaswini C R from the Sadvidya College said that she could do well as she had focussed on it and worked really hard. \"I've performed well in both the papers. Hope everything goes well on Tuesday too,\" she said, keeping her fingers crossed.However, there were some students like Rakshith L Y who didn't bother much about Maths. He said: \"I'd concentrated more on Biology and have performed well. I'm not bothered about Maths. I just want to perform well in Physics and Chemistry,\" he said.In all, 5,111 out of 6,894 students took the Biology test in the 12 centres. But there were no absentees in Maths. The tests were held between 10.30am and 11.50am (Biology) and between 2.30pm and 3.50pm (Maths). The Tuesday's test timings are as follows: 10.30am-11.50am (Physicls) and 2.30pm-3.50pm (Chemistry).Police security has been beefed up with prohibitory orders being clamped in 200-metres radius around the centres for the tests. Photocopying centres near the test centres have been directed to down shutters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13371368", "title": "NIFTians hold fashion show", "text": "PATNA: The final semester students of the fashion design department of NIFT-Patna presented their beautiful creations at 'Fashionova' on Monday at the Sri Krishna Memorial hall. Alok Kumar Sinha, principal secretary, industries department, was among those present.The fashion show showcased the collection of students created during their last semester. They worked on developing a range of garments based on a theme under the guidance of faculty mentors. As many as 28 collections of garments were presented by as many students of the final semester. The models, who walked the ramp wearing the garments, were the students of the institute.\"I must take this opportunity to congratulate students for presenting such a fantastic show of creativity and innovation. Our students have not only made us proud by their achievements but have also changed the way India is perceived in the global fashion world,\" said the NIFT-Patna director, Satish Chandra Jha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13369081", "title": "National thermal power corporation, forest department to develop eco-tourism project in Meja", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The stage is set to develop around 250 hectares of areas in Chandpur Khamaria, Itwa-Kala, Mahurikala, Kihuni Kala and Garaia villages of Meja tehsil and start an eco-tourism project. The work on the project would start next month with financial assistance by the National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC).The officials of district forest department have finalized the project. There are plans to give the entire area a 'nature reserve look'. A layout plan has been prepared.Talking to TOI, district forest officer (DFO) SN Mishra said: \"We have decided to develop the area to boost eco-tourism. Black bucks would be given prime space. The forest department has 70 hectares land and about 500 hectares would be taken from gram samaj to develop the area.\"Mishra added big and small water reservoirs for animals would be set up to check the scarcity for black bucks. Various types of grasses would be grown in the area to give it a natural look.Watchmen and other employees would be posted for maintenance and protection of the area, especially endangered Indian black bucks.The project would begin with an initial amount of Rs 1.50 crore which would be funded by the NTPC.\"We are in final stages to start the eco-tourism project and provide a conducive environment to protect the endangered Indian black bucks. It would boost tourism in the district,\" Mishra added.Mishra claimed that the population of black bucks has doubled in the past three years. There are over 450 animals roaming in the area at present.This endangered species had migrated from other areas and had been spotted in this region since the past three year.Indian black buck (scientific name Antilope cervicapra) is also known by a number of other names like kala hiran, sasin, iralai maan and Krishna Jinka. Found in various parts of Indian subcontinent and Nepal , grass forms the staple diet of the black bucks. The animals also eat pods, flowers and fruits as supplements.\"The visual estimation (which is done by sighting and counting the subject) shows that the number of black bucks had increased in the region. Now, the NTPC is assisting the district forest department to establish a conducive environment for these endangered animals to flourish in the open pastures and hilly terrain of the area,\" added Mishra.The project includes expanding the grassland, which would serve as a perfect grazing field for black bucks. Ponds and water reservoirs would be established. Salt licks (bricks containing salt) would also be placed all over the area to take care of the salt deficiency in this tender animal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368060", "title": "MP mandi committee polls fall prey to bumper wheat crop", "text": "NEW DELHI: In February, the Madhya Pradesh High Court had ordered the state government to hold elections to mandi committees by June 30 but the bumper wheat crop harvested by farmers came in the way.The Shivraj Singh Chouhan government on Monday moved the Supreme Court seeking extension of the deadline. Senior advocate Vivek Tankha said though the government was duty bound to hold the elections, the priority of the administration now was to complete wheat procurement ahead of the monsoon.Given that wheat production in MP touched record levels and was second only to Punjab, the state informed a bench of Justices Deepak Verma and S J Mukhopadhaya that there were incidents of violence and unrest during the procurement process.Of the procurement target of 80 lakh tonnes, the state has so far procured 60 lakh tonnes. Tankha said the first priority of the government was to complete the procurement process peacefully so that farmers got their due and the country got its required buffer stock of foodgrain.Though the bench took objection to the fact that elections to the committees had not been held for the last five years, it agreed to extend the deadline till December 31. \"You have lingered the matter since 2010,\" it said.But taking into account Tankha's plea that the government would have to arrange proper storage facility during the monsoon season, the bench told the government to \"positively hold the elections by December 31, 2012\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13368597", "title": "Mayor vows speedy action", "text": "GURGAON: The agitation by Badshapur villagers compelled the mayor and senior officials of the municipal corporation to rush to the spot to soothe tempers.The protest took a dramatic turn after the dissenters took the mayor, Vimal Yadav, to a temple in the vicinity and asked him to take a vow in front of the deity that their problem would be resolved at the earliest and their needs would be met.\"The people took me to the temple and made me swear that I would solve their problem as soon as I can. They said they did not have faith in the promises made by politicians and that's why they are finding it difficult to take my words at face value. But I assured them that I would ask the executive engineer concerned to ensure that an alternative arrangement is made till the time the electricity board rectifies the power supply issue,\" said Yadav.\"There were around 250 protesters, including 50 women , and the moment I got to know about the agitation I rushed to the village and instructed the joint commissioner to send the chief engineer and the superintending engineer to the spot along with officials from the sanitation department. The officials are discussing with the electricity department on how to resolve the issue. Till such time, we plan to install five generators to run the tubewells so that the villagers get adequate water supply,\" he added.The commissioner too assured that the problem would be solved at the earliest. \"The water supply to the villages is dependent on tubewells and at times, we face disruption when there are power cuts. We will install generators to solve this problem for the time being,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, commissioner, MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13367119", "title": "Dara Singh encounter: Rajendra Rathore pleads innocence again", "text": "JAIPUR: BJP's chief whip in the assembly, Rajendra Rathore, once again reiterated his innocence in a court here on Monday during a hearing on framing of charges against him in connection with Dara Singh encounter case.He was produced in the court under heavy security. Rathore asked the court to permit him to put up his innocence plea during the hearing. After court's permission, Rathore spoke for almost half-an-hour. It was for the second time that he addressed the court. He had pleaded 8innocence earlier also during hearing on the cognizance of chargesheet filed against him by the CBI.He told the court that he was being framed in a bid to spoil his political career.\"It is my political encounter. I have no connection with liquor mafia Virendra Nyangali who the CBI says had my patronage,\" said Rathore. He also said that calls between him and suspended ADG AK Jain have been misrepresented by the CBI.Rathore is likely to continue with his defence on Tuesday also.Defence lawyers continued with their argument that there are some prosecution witnesses including Telia and Debuda who have criminal cases registered against them with the police.Despite that, their statements were recorded under Section 164 of CrPC. They requested the court not to take these witnesses into consideration, the defence lawyers contended.Meanwhile, DG, homeguards Kanhaiya Lal Bairwa came to court to testify as the CBI witness against suspended officers additional director general of police A K Jain who is also an accused in the case. However, he could not testify as the court heard arguments from defense on charge framing against Rathore throughout the court time.Rathore is currently lodged in Jaipur Central Jail on charges of stage managing the fake encounter of Dara Singh. It is alleged that Dara Singh was killed at the behest of some liquor mafias who had the patronage of Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13372807", "title": "Expedite Centre-NDFB(P) talks, Bodo team urges governor J B Patnaik", "text": "GUWAHATI: A 12-member delegation of Bodo elders met Assam Governor J B Patnaik here on Monday, demanding speeding up the dialogue process between the Centre and NDFB (P). Boro Elders' Society (BES) adviser Gangadhar Ramchiary, who headed the delegation, said the demand for stopping encroachment on tribal belts and blocks in the state was also raised with the Governor.\"We urged him to initiate pragmatic steps and policies to resolve the socioeconomic and cultural problems for all-round development of tribals. We also demanded that the dialogue process between the Centre and NDFB (P) be expedited to reach a political solution to our issues,\" Ramchiary said.BES also highlighted that tribals were increasingly becoming landless as their lands were being encroached on. \"Tribals are marginalized and our lands are encroached on. Various tribal organizations have been demanding protection, but no concrete steps have been taken. Influx of illegal migrants from Bangladesh also threatens the lands belonging to tribals,\" Ramchaiary said.BES also raised the issue of a separate Bodoland state with Patnaik. In a memorandum submitted to the Governor, BES said that it has become a necessity for protection of tribal lands, culture, language and tradition. \"The demand for a separate state for the Boros (Bodos) and other tribes of Assam has been on the back burner since 1967. It is important for protection of our land and right of political self-determination within the provision of Constitution of India,\" the memorandum said.Ramchairy sad that Patnaik has assured the delegation to inform the Centre and the state government to work towards an early solution to the demands raised by BES.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13366589", "title": "Resolve e-way row in a week: HC", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi high court on Monday granted a week's time to all stakeholders in the Delhi-Gurgaon expressway to try and resolve the dispute amicably.Justice S Muralidhar gave more time at the request of Infrastructure Development Financial Company (IDFC), which apprised the court of its ongoing proposal to both NHAI and the private concessionaire to resolve the issue that led to the dispute. IDFC has refinanced the expressway project, which the NHAI has alleged as unauthorized practice by the financier and the developer.NHAI had earlier blamed the developer for increased accidents and fatalities on the expressway. But Delhi-Gurgaon Super Connectivity Limited (DGSCL), the concessionaire that runs the expressway blamed over-speeding, drunk driving and unauthorized crossing by pedestrians for rise in accidents on this stretch. It argued that traffic mismanagement has taken place because proposals sent by it for streamlining traffic flow have been lying with NHAI and were yet to be approved. DGSCL says it still believes it can work closely with NHAI in resolving all outstanding disputes but is not receiving any positive response from NHAI.HC has imposed a stay on NHAI's decision to terminate its contract with DGSCL to operate the expressway between the capital and Gurgaon. HC's stay came on a plea by the operator to restrain NHAI from taking any coercive action against it. NHAI had earlier accused DGSCL of serious financial fraud and failure to improve services on the 32-lane toll plaza, while ordering termination of its deal with it. It accused the concessionaire of fraud in the form of refinancing the project without getting its approval. In HC, the NHAI stated it wanted to scrap the deal while IDFC, which provided credit facility of approximately Rs 1,600 crore to DGSCL for its 28km project has also become a party to the dispute saying it should also be heard. Meanwhile, as HC extended the hearing, commuters would continue paying the old toll rate at three toll plazas. This is for the first time the revision of toll has been deferred by more than 45 days. As per NHAI norms, the revised toll rate were to be effective from April 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13379219", "title": "Closeness to Sallu costs Meera role with Vivek!", "text": "PeeCee's cousin Meera Chopra is told that her proximity to Sallu may have cost her the lead opposite Oberoi in SherIt is funny how friendships and rivalries play out in B-town. Priyanka Chopra's cousin Meera Chopra is a case in point. For starters, Meera, who doesn't see eye to eye with Priyanka is friends with Salman, who hasn't been exactly on friendly terms with Priyanka either.To add to her woes, Meera now seems to be paying the price for her affinity to Salman. We have learnt that a couple of days ago, she was told she could not play the lead opposite Vivek Oberoi in Soham Shah's film Sher co-starring Sanjay Dutt . The reason given to her being Vivek did not want to work with someone who is friends with his arch rival.Needless to say, all of this has been rather hard on Meera. A source close to her said, \"Yes, it is true. But it is unlikely Meera will confirm what transpired.\" A friend of Meera called up to say, \"Meera is very talented and deserves a better deal in Bollywood.\"Meanwhile, Vivek remained unavailable for comment.And though we cannot ascertain what the real reason for Meera's ouster is, if this has been just a lame excuse, we wonder whether Vivek is aware of it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13371341", "title": "Kidnap complaint to CM proves false", "text": "GAYA: Gaya police on Monday solved a kidnapping mystery which had been plaguing it for the last three years.According to Gaya SSP Vinay Kumar, Khutan Yadav, resident of Bagahi village under Bodh Gaya police station area got a case registered about three years back alleging that his son, Nandu Kumar, had been kidnapped by a co-villager, Hira Yadav, and three unknown persons. Immediately after getting the case registered, Khutan Yadav started mounting pressure on the police for Hira Yadav's arrest. But the police were sceptical about the genuineness of the complaint from the very beginning, said the SSP.The complainant even met chief minister Nitish Kumar at his Janata Durbar as well as DGP Abhayanand. Interestingly, the complainant was more interested in the arrest of the named accused than the recovery of his allegedly abducted son. District police officials were under tremendous pressure to solve the kidnapping mystery. According to police sources, though the police officials were almost sure about the 'false' nature of the kidnapping story, they were clueless about the 'kidnapped' boy's whereabouts.A few days back, the police got information that Nandu had never been kidnapped but was shifted by his father to his maternal uncle's house at Usari village under Atari police station of the district, and a false case registered against Hira Yadav and others due to personal enmity. Working on the clue, a police team raided the Usari house of Nandu's maternal uncle and recovered the 'kidnapped' boy from there.Praising the efforts of City SP Babu Ram in unraveling the abduction drama, SSP Vinay Kumar said that a criminal case was being registered against Khutan Yadav, the person who lodged a false kidnapping case. The police will ensure Yadav's prosecution for lodging a false case as a deterrent for others, said the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13366569", "title": "US woman to depose before army court in a court martial case", "text": "JAIPUR: Fifty-four-year-old US citizen Nancey Chapman, who lives and works in Jaipur as jewellery designer, will depose before the Army's jury on Tuesday as prosecution witness in a court martial case against Major Saurabh Saharan at the South Western Command's headquarters here.Major Saharan of the 61st Cavalry is facing court martial after he was charged by the Army in response to complaint against him by Chapman. This is the third time she would appear as a prosecution witness in a case relating to disciplinary action against an officer.Chapman, who lives in a flat on Prithviraj Road here, has lodged written complaints against two Army officers to the defence minister, defence secretary and the chief of army staff on how two officers cheated her and robbed her of several lakh of rupees. These charges in writing were made by her in 2010 and the Army authorities swung into action from 2011.Chapman belongs to the family that owned the famous food product brand Tabasco in the United States and also they owned the biggest oil farms in Texas. She inherited $10 billion worth of industry and property.Chapman had made two written complaints against another Army officer, then an officer in the National Security Guard (NSG) who was posted in Manesar, near Gurgaon.Maj Saharan is facing trial for his close relationship with Nancey Chapman that amounts to violation of Indian army rules as it prohibits any relationship with a foreigner under the Army Act. Chapman has alleged that she became friendly with Maj Saharan and both of them wanted to marry also. She also alleged that Maj Saharan on some pretext or the other took a lot of money from her which he did not return. He bought a car from her money also, but the car was not registered in her name, Champan has alleged.After receiving a complaint against Maj Saharan, the Army ordered court of inquiry in which he was asked how he procured the money to buy an expensive car. Maj Saharan proved that the car was bought from personal loan provided by his father and also a car loan given by a bank.During the inquiry it was found that most of the charges leveled against the Major were frivolous in nature and he did not want to marry the American woman because of age difference.Yet, the army held Maj Saharan responsible for infringement of the Army rules. The army questioned him why he ( Maj Saharan ) tried to hide this fact that he was friendly with a foreigner and brought her often to the 61st Cavalry officer's mess and also to his official residence in Jaipur. The army also traced the call details and found that he was regularly talking to Nancey on mobile.Chapman has alleged that she became friendly with Maj Saharan and both of them wanted to marry also. She also alleged that Maj Saharan on some pretext or the other took a lot of money from her which he did not return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13367118", "title": "Neeri develops catalytic converter for two-stroke engines", "text": "NAGPUR: Scientists at the Environmental Materials Division (EMD) of the city-based National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) have developed a cost effective catalytic converter for two-stroke engines, usually used in two-wheelers, to minimize air pollution from exhaust. Neeri has completed the project in collaboration with an established two-wheeler manufacturer, which plans to adopt the technology for its vehicles.Neeri director Satish Wate told TOI that Neeri has been working on development of various environmental friendly materials for some time and has got many good results lately. \"Since Neeri already has expertise in catalytic converter technology, the scientists did not have to struggle hard to develop the catalytic converter for two-stroke vehicles. We already have an industrial partner in the project. So, the technology will soon be put to use,\" he said.EMD head Sadhna Rayalu said that the present catalytic converter uses metal oxides as catalysts to minimize emissions and adhere to the Bharat III stage norms.Principal investigator Rajesh Biniwale, who has been instrumental in development of the catalytic converter, says he and his team consisting of chief scientist Rakesh Kumar and principal scientist Nitin Labhsetwar took less than a year to finalize the material and design of the catalytic converter for two-stroke engine vehicles. He explained that two-stroke vehicles release relatively more emissions than four-stroke vehicles in gasoline driven category for the same capacity of the engine.The catalytic converter is a device fitted on the exhaust system of a vehicle to help convert harmful emissions of carbon mono-oxide, hydrocarbons and oxides of nitrogen to carbon dioxide, water and nitrogen. It consists of ceramic or metallic honeycomb-like structure coated with alumina and then the catalyst. Neeri's converter uses metallic oxides but the institute is not disclosing the material as it is yet to be patented.\"We need to test the catalyst in a rapid ageing test. This tests the ability of the equipment to perform well over at least one lakh kilometre of vehicle running, without damage. The emissions norms are becoming stringent and therefore development of new catalysts with greater efficiency and lower cost is an ongoing process. The metal oxide catalysts used by us have made the converter cost effective for the industry as well as the vehicle user. Our converter also meets the Bharat III norms,\" said Biniwale.When emission norms were set for two-stroke vehicles in 1991, carbon-monoxide limit was 21g/km and the hydrocarbon and nitrogen oxide emission limit was 10g/km. The prevailing Bharat III norms for 2011-12 are 1g/km for all emissions. The Neeri catalyst and converter meets this norm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "seoul", "code": "13383614", "title": "Microsoft to ship 350m Windows 7 devices this year", "text": "SEOUL: Microsoft Corp expects 350 million devices running its Windows 7 software to be shipped globally this year as it prepares the next version of the operating system to challenge Apple Inc's dominance in tablet computers. \"It makes Windows the most popular single system,\" Steve Ballmer, chief executive officer of Microsoft, the world's largest software maker, said today. Ballmer, who spoke at a forum in Seoul , didn't provide comparative figures. Corporate demand for programs including Windows 7 helped Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft report third-quarter profit last month that exceeded estimates. The company is working on Windows 8, the newest version of the operating system that can be used in touch-screen devices, to help win back consumers and narrow Apple's lead in the market for tablet computers. Microsoft will finish work on Windows 8 this summer and put it on sale around October, people with knowledge of the matter said in March. The release of Windows 8 and demand for ultrabooks and other thin notebooks should drive personal-computer sales in the second half of this year, after modest shipment growth in the first six months, IDC said in March. Global PC shipments will rise 5 per cent in 2012 after gaining 1.8 per cent last year, the market researcher said. More than 103 million tablet devices will be sold in 2012, with sales tripling to 326.3 million in 2015, according to Gartner Inc. Apple is set to account for two-thirds of the market in 2012, Gartner estimates. The company's share will drop to 46 per cent by 2015, while Microsoft's will climb to 11 per cent. Apple introduced the third-generation iPad in March, raising pressure on Microsoft to recover sales lost to the Apple device and revitalize slowing PC sales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13375107", "title": "CPM villages a state within state, says Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan", "text": "KANNUR: In the wake of cops conducting raids in party villages of Kannur for suspects in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan has said the government will not allow 'functioning of a state within the state'.\"The rule in a state should go according to the Constitution and none should be allowed to go against that,\" he said here on Monday after meeting with top police officials.He said that surveillance cameras would be installed across the district to beef up police vigil especially in areas bordering neighbouring state.Expressing his full confidence in the team probing TP's death, the home minister said there are no differences of opinion within the special investigation team.He forewarned that nobody should think of influencing the DGP in the probe. \"The probe is heading in the right direction. The efficiency of the investigators was proved when the found the vehicle used by suspects in just one day after the incident,\" he said.Underlining the importance of the probe he said TP's murder should is a turning point to the spate of political killings in the region. \"This is should be the end of bloodshed,\" he said.Meanwhile, DGP Jacob Punnoose has clarified that he never said that the murder of TP was not a political one. \"What I said was that we will not probe the case with political considerations. The investigation will proceed without any consideration to the politics behind the murder,\" he said.CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan addressing a public rally at Town Square here once again kept himself aloof from the issues within the party only to reiterate that CPM was not involved in the murder of RMP leader. Interestingly he did not term TP as a 'renegade' and praised the investigation team.Earlier addressing mediapersons, he had said that CPM general secretary Prakash Karat has confirmed that he has received the letter from VS. But quickly added that Karat himself had said that the media got it wrong about the content of the letter. \"The uproar over the content is suspected to be a media creation,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13375028", "title": "Indo-Arab forum to help expats start business", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Indo-Arab Confederation Council, a socio-cultural organization working to strengthen Indo-Arab relationship and welfare of expatriate Indians employed in Gulf countries, will start an Expatriate Guidance Centre to provide direction and guidance for the expatriates in taking up various entrepreneurial ventures.The centre will also provide assistance for the rehabilitation of Gulf returnees and to set up various investment and industrial projects.District collector K V Mohankumar will inaugurate the guidance centre by releasing the expatriate rehabilitation project, at a function to be held at Alakapuri Auditorium on Friday. V K S Menon, former chief technical advisor, United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO) will inaugurate the overseas employment orientation academy. The academy will facilitate the state's youth to take up employment overseas through focused skill development and other training programmes.Retired Kerala high court judge Justice P K Shamsuddin will inaugurate the Overseas Malayalee Meet to be held on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13365698", "title": "Private firms got undue benefits of Rs 1.8L cr in 'Coalgate': CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General's final report on allocation of coal blocks between 2004 and 2009 without auction is expected to peg the value of \"undue benefits\" that the government extended to private entities alone at more than Rs 1.8 lakh crore, sources have indicated.The last draft of the report, first reported by TOI on March 22, had said the government extended undue benefits of Rs 10.67 lakh crore by giving away 155 mines to 100 commercial entities, including public sector bodies, without bidding since 2004.The government auditor has brought down the value of undue benefits by taking out public sector and state government entities from the final report and focusing only on private ventures. This was done at the coal ministry's behest, which argued during the 'exit conference' that public sector entities are audited separately.But even at the reduced level, the value of undue benefit to coal block allottees is higher than the outer limit of the Rs 1.76 lakh crore-loss estimated by CAG in the 2G spectrum allocation case.Besides, removal of public sector and state entities from the final report would mean the entire undue benefit of over Rs 1.8 lakh crore has accrued to private entities alone. The final report can still cause discomfort to the government .CAG's coal report in House today?Sources said the Comptroller and Auditor General's (CAG) final report on allocation of coal blocks has been lying with the government since May 11 and may be tabled in Parliament on Tuesday, the last day of the Budget session.After TOI reported the final draft, the Prime Minister's Office had made light of the figure and selectively quoted from a letter to the PM written by CAG Vinod Rai to say it was \"not even pre-final\".Even Rai was targeted by some economists and ministers. But on March 27, he hit back by saying CAG auditors had a global standing and did not make \"fundamental errors\".\"We are incapable of making fundamental errors as being discussed in media. Our report will make clear all doubts on fallacies being talked about... They (CAG auditors) are the best in the world. Both developing and developed countries send their auditors to train with us at our academies... the report (on allocation of coal blocks) will make clear how sound our processes are,\" Rai had said at the concluding session of a seminar on Public Accountability and Role of CAG.The government auditor had calculated the undue benefit at the price of the lowest grade of coal. It first estimated the cost of production for each block by taking into account the actual cost of production in a similar Coal India mine for the same year. Then the difference between CIL's sale price and cost of production was multiplied by 90% of the reserves in each block. The figure thus obtained was the windfall gain for that block.The reasoning behind taking 90% of the total reserves rather than the entire lot, according to CAG, is that \"detailed exploration establishes reserves at a confidence level of 90%\".The final draft report said the coal ministry had in 2004 said that chances of any allottee not being able to recover this much from the reserves \"would be, if at all, very remote\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13374715", "title": "Madhya Pradesh Financial Corporation official\u2019s house burgled, Rs 3L jewellery stolen", "text": "INDORE: Unidentified miscreants broke into the house of a deputy manager of Madhya Pradesh Financial Corporation (MPFC) late on Sunday night when he along with his family members had gone for an outing and decamped with gold ornaments worth about Rs 3 lakh.The official identified as Rajesh Bhatnagar is the resident of Sukhalia coming under the jurisdiction of Hiranagar police station.Police said that Bhatnagar had gone for an outing with his family on Sunday evening. According to police, when they returned at around 11 pm, they found the main lock of the house broken. During the examination inside the house, Bhatnagar found that the household articles were strewn on the floor.He found that jewelleries including two golden chain, a mangalsutra, four golden bangles, six pair of earrings, two rings and an LPG cylinder were missing from the house.Talking to TOI, Bhatnagar said that around 11 tola of gold ornaments were stolen from his house besides an LPG cylinder adding that it valued at around Rs 3 lakh.He said that his family left the home at 6.30 pm for the Regional Park and returned home at around 11 pm. The outing was not a planned one and nobody was aware of it, he added.Police booked unidentified persons under the Sections 453 and 380 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "13386480", "title": "Gerald Majola trying to delay disciplinary hearing: CSA insider", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Suspended Cricket South Africa (CSA) chief executive Gerald Majola is desperately trying to delay his disciplinary hearing, according to a highly-placed insider at the authority.Majola's legal team has objected to CSA's appointment of retired high court judge John Myburgh to chair the inquiry that stems out of the Nicholson inquiry, which had earlier found Majola to be in breach of his fiduciary duties.The inquiry was set up by sports minister Fikile Mbalula after nearly two years of wrangling within CSA over IPL 2 bonuses, which Majola paid himself and about 40 other CSA staff without informing the Board.IPL 2 was hurriedly arranged in South Africa due to security concerns around elections at that time in India.The Nicholson inquiry recommended the CSA disciplinary hearing as well as possible criminal investigation against Majola, with Mbalula demanding strong action by CSA as sponsors shied away from the authority.The elite Hawks investigation unit for specialised crimes is investigating charges of Majola having breached his fiduciary duties.CSA's media manager Michael Owen-Smith confirmed that it was highly unlikely that CSA's self-imposed target of finalising the disciplinary hearing by the end of this month would be met after the latest objection.\"It will take somewhat longer than originally planned,\" Owen-Smith told the Afrikaans daily Beeld.Majola's team challenged Myburgh's appointment on the grounds that he had previously been employed by the same company as one of the directors of CSA.But highly-placed sources within CSA told the daily that this was just \"a desperate delaying tactic\" by Majola.CSA's legal team led by Andrew Redding told the newspaper they were confident of the charges against Majola being proven at the hearing.Nicholson had also recommended that Majola pay back the R1.8 million that he had paid himself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13372863", "title": "Lumding-Silchar broad gauge work delay: MLA defends transport body", "text": "SILCHAR: Silchar MLA and AICC secretary Susmita Dev said there's no evidence that the transport lobby is behind the inordinate delay in implementation of the 214-km Lumding-Silchar broad gauge project under the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR).Susmita, also the chairperson of Silchar Municipal Board, on Sunday visited the worksites of the national project in different places of Dima Hasao district. She took stock of the progress of the project along with Dima Hasao Autonomous Council chief executive member Debojit Thaosen, officials of NFR and construction companies. In reply to a query by mediapersons on the complaints by different NGOs and non-Congress political parties about hands of road transport lobby behind the delay of the much-hyped project, the Congress leader said, there's no proof that the transport lobby has a hand behind this. \"Can you give me any evidence?\", she shot back.Susmita, the daughter of former Union minister and senior Congress leader Santosh Mohan Dev, also took stock of the ongoing work for Tunnel No 10, the longest tunnel (3235 metre) on the route near Jatinga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13368518", "title": "Gaon vs Gurgaon: Sohna Road blocked", "text": "GURGAON: Days after residents of Dundahera village blocked the national highway demanding adequate water supply, Badshapur villagers too blocked the road on Monday for the same reason. They said that due to severe power cuts in their area, they have not been getting water supply for the past few days.Residents of Badshapur blocked Sohna Road on Monday during peak traffic time for over four hours. Their protest was aimed against the Dakshin Haryana Bijli Vitaran Nigam Ltd (DHBVNL) and the Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG), who have not been providing the village basic amenities like electricity and water regularly for the past two months.Rajesh Yadav, a social activist who spearheaded the protest, said \"This is an 8,000-year-old village. Two years ago, Nagar Nigam took the responsibility of our village saying they would convert it into a city. But even after two years, villagers are yet to see any change. Instead, situation has become worse and we don't have electricity for hours, which in turn affects water supply as well.\"Yadav added that when he had contacted the contractor about the inadequate water supply, the latter was dismissive and angry and said that he \"will give water supply to the area only when he feels like doing so.\"Badshapur has a population close to 50,000. Around 2,000-2,500 people blocked the road from 9am to 1pm. The councillor, Subash Bhaoji, said, \"There is seven to eight hours of power cut daily. This in turn affects water supply. We have given an application to the MCG but there has been no improvement in our situation so far. We don't know whom to approach now. If this continues, we will definitely block the roads again.\"It has been 15 to 20 days since the water supply in the village has been adequate. Many applications and complaints have been registered with the MCG and DHBVN. But the MCG says that till the time there is no electricity, water can't be pumped to Badshapur.Raj Kumar Yadav, a resident who took part in the protest, said, \"We don't have electricity throughout the night. It is very difficult for us to sleep. Also water supply is scarce and mostly the water that we get is very dirty and can't be used for domestic purposes. In the days of the panchyati raj, things were much better. In fact the gutters were cleaned then unlike now. They have become garbage dumping areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13366752", "title": "Two mayor houses a concern for Jaipur Municipal Corporation", "text": "JAIPUR: The finance committee of Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) is worried about spending extra money on maintaining two mayor houses. As it is, the corporation is reeling under financial crisis.The committee has raised objection on spending JMC funds and manpower to maintain the empty mayor's residence at Ghat Gate. A note sheet on Monday was also issued to the chief executive officer (CEO) by the finance committee seeking the amount of money spent on the vacant mayor house at Ghat Gate.The finance committee chairman, Neeta Khetan, while talking to TOI said, \"Maintaining two mayor houses is sheer misuse of funds. The JMC is not in a condition to spend money on the maintenance of vacant house. \"The committee alleged that approximately Rs 25,000 is being spent per month on vacant house as the JMC has to pay the salaries to the guards deployed there and also pay the water and electricity bill. \"The exact figure can only be derived after receiving copies of bills. However, approximately this much amount is being spent on the maintenance. A note sheet in this regard has been issued to the CEO seeking information about the amount of money spent on maintenance in this financial year,\" added KhetanMayor Jyoti Khandelwal has declared her residence as Mayor House in the Walled City area at Baba Harish Chandra Marg. This led to Khandelwal getting caught in controversies as allegations surfaced that this is not done as per rules and regulation and she is allegedly misusing the JMC funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13366530", "title": "NGO activists protest tiger poaching", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: A group of NGO activists, connected to different organizations, staged a protest on Monday morning before state forest secretary Pravin Pardeshi, flaying the failure of the forest department in saving the tiger. They waved black flags and demanded a CBI probe into poaching cases.Over two dozen wildlife activists gathered at the gate of Rambagh forest premises. They staged a protest march up to forest rest house. A delegation of activists, led by Suresh Chopne, Sachin Wazalwar and Ashish Ghume, later met Pardeshi and submitted their joint memorandum to him.The memorandum demanded CBI investigation into poaching of tigers. NGOs also demanded day and night monitoring of all waterholes, use of latest technology for protection of tigers, inclusion of local NGOs into special investigation team, inclusion of NGO activists into patrolling and monitoring, denial to all proposals of coal mines and industries around buffer zone of TATR and protection of tiger corridors. Other demands such as monthly review of protection work with local NGOs and special management for control of fire in forest were also raised before the forest secretary.President of Green Planet Society Suresh Chopne claimed that Pardeshi has agreed to include NGO activists into waterhole monitoring in jungles. \"We would provide 100 NGO activists for the monitoring exercise from different organizations. We have asked for special identification cards for such activists, to which Pardeshi agreed,\" he said.Activists of Green Planet Society, Jungle Care, Wild Care, Friends of Tadoba, People for Animals, Chandrapur Bachao Samiti, Prahar organization, Viano Nature Club, Prithvimitra Nisarg Sanstha and Vanyajeev Sanrakshan Samiti took part in the protest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13370000", "title": "Government shortlists 3 names for information commissioner", "text": "PANAJI: The government shortlisted three names for the post of state information commissioner which has been lying vacant for the last about one year-and-nine months.The three names are Pradeep Paudwal, former project director of the Goa state aids control society; D C Sahoo, secretary of civil supplies and P R Nadkarni, a former educationist. These names were announced by chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the sidelines of a media briefing on Monday. Parrikar, however, did not give a deadline for finalizing the appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "13370874", "title": "Pro-dam supporters in Uttarakhand demand resumption of scrapped hydropower projects", "text": "DEHRADUN: While protests are raging against building of dams in Uttarakhand, there's another lobby which is pressing for immediate resumption of stalled and scrapped hydropower projects in the state.Pro-dam supporters belonging to different NGOs and apolitical organizations have intensified their stir in support of hydro projects on Ganga's tributaries, Bhagirathi and Alakananda.Amid tight security, hundreds of activists led by Padma awardee Avdhesh Kaushal and poet Leeladhar Jaguri held demonstrations at Gandhi Park on Monday, demanding resumption of hydropower projects. Talking to reporters, pro-dam activists threatened to go on fast from May 28, if the Centre and state did not take measures to restart the projects.They regretted that Centre's inability to resume hydropower projects have caused acute power shortage in the state. They said all development activities, including commissioning of drinking water projects and construction of roads, have virtually come to a standstill due to unscheduled power cuts.Pro-dam supporters said they have shot off a letter to Uttarakhand chief minister Vijay Bahuguna urging him to resume all scrapped power projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13372900", "title": "Facebook 'friend' accused of raping Australian arrested", "text": "MANALI: Eight days after an Australian woman registered an FIR saying that she was raped in Kasol village of Kullu district, Sammy Sidhana, a resident of Ludhiana and a Facebook friend of the woman, was arrested in Kullu on Monday.The police raided his house in Ludhiana, but Sidhana had reached Kullu and surrendered before the district court. The court declined his bail plea after which he was taken in custody.The 22-year-old Australian had lodged a complaint with Kullu police on May 13 that her Facebook friend from Chandigarh, who met her for the first time in Kasol on May 12, raped her after spiking her drinks during a party.Acting on the complaint of the woman, a team of HP police visited Chandigarh for investigations.\"We took help from the Facebook account of the accused and also tracked his mobile number,\" Kullu police chief Ashok Kumar said.According to sources, the accused comes from a rich background. The woman, who is travelling in the north of India alone, moved to Kasol village after visiting Manali on May 10. Sidhana joined her at a party in Kasol on May 12.The woman alleged that she found herself with Sammy in a room of hotel Green Valley a few hours after she fell unconscious at the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13372948", "title": "22 VIPs get notice for encroachment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the name of security, government land outside residences of as many as 22 VVIPs and VIPs, including serving and retired IPS, IAS and some politicians has been encroached upon to facilitate their security guards in the urban area of Mohali district. The Greater Mohali Area Development Authority (GMADA) has prepared a list of all 22 persons following the directions of Punjab and Haryana high court.Though GMADA was scheduled to file its reply in the high court on May 22, sources in GMADA said, \"Authorities will seek more time from the high court to complete all work.\" The encroached sites included public parks, parking lots etc in phases I, II, VI and X. The VVIPs also include two former state ministers and one former DGP of Punjab police.GMADA estate officer (EO) Navjot Kaur confirmed the development but refused to divulge any details and maintained that notices are being sent to VVIPs. The survey was carried out throughout the urban area of Mohali district and GMADA authority has sought help of security wing of district police to ascertain the addresses of protected personalities.A writ petition was filed in the high court after the removal of unauthorized taints of security personnel outside the houses of a number of protected personalities and judicial officials in Chandigarh on March 23.Meanwhile, around 35 unauthorized security tents were removed from outside the houses of serving and retired police officials, bureaucrats, politicians and judicial officials in Chandigarh after the intervention of Punjab and Haryana high court. The writ was filed by a resident of Sector 48, Rajinder Bains.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13369399", "title": "Central Reserve Police Force constable commits suicide", "text": "HUBLI: A 26-year-old CRPF constable committed suicide by hanging at his house in Nekar Nagar in Hubli on Monday. The deceased has been identified as Krishna Savanth. He was serving in the Latur (Maharashtra) unit of CRPF. Kasaba Peth police, who are investigating the case, said that Savanth was depressed after his engagement broke recently.Man dies in accidentA 54-year-old man was killed when the tum-tum vehicle in which he was travelling toppled at Hulkoti village in Gadag on Monday. He suffered injuries and died in the district hospital in Gadag. The dead has been identified as Chennabasappa Gadagin, a resident of Hirehandigol village.He was on his way to Gadag when the accident took place. A case has been registered with Gadag rural police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13371624", "title": "Student's suicide: Police to record statement of principal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Police will record the statement of K T Cheriyan Panicker, the principal of Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, Nalanchira in connection with the suicide of a class IX student of the school. The parents of the student, Ashiq Suhail of Manacaud, had filed a complaint with the police alleging that it was the threat made by the principal's threat that pushed the boy to suicide.According to them, the principal had threatened to dismiss the boy from the school with a bad conduct certificate and also hand over him to police for allegedly forwarding a love letter to a girl student, via email. The girl had raised suspicion that the email was by Ashiq. But he had denied the charges, which the principal did not pay heed to. Fort CI S Y Suresh said that they would record the statements of the principal on Tuesday. They could not meet him on Monday because the school authorities had declared a holiday to mourn Ashiq's death.He also said that they would examine the personal computer of the girl to track the source of the mail. \"Ashiq did not have an internet connection at home. Hence, only by checking her email can the police identify the source of the mail. Only after that we can find out whether it was indeed Ashiq who had sent the mail,\" he said. He also said that police would also record the statements of the Ashiq's classmates and other students of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13366369", "title": "Jagan assets case: Court returns CBI\u2019s attachment plea", "text": "HYDERABAD: Second additional chief judge A Hari Haranatha Sarma of the city civil court on Monday returned the applications moved by CBI seeking to attach assets of Jaganmohan Reddy-owned media companies Sakshi newspaper and Sakshi TV as well as that of Koneru Rajendra Prasad and N Sunil Reddy in the Emaar scam case on the grounds that the investigating agency had submitted incomplete details.The judge asked CBI to come back within a week after filling in the missing information. The total value of Jaganmohan's properties which CBI is seeking to attach in the assets case is pegged at Rs 1,100 crore. This includes the Sakshi offices and other infrastructure dispersed across the state. The value of the assets of Koneru and Sunil Reddy is put at Rs 95 crore.While the Hyderabad city civil court can attach properties that are lying in its jurisdiction, the CBI petitions filed before this court sought the attachment of properties of the accused that are lying elsewhere in the state.Jagan's appearance a must: CBI courtPrincipal special judge A Pullaiah of the CBI court on Monday said that all the accused including Y S Jaganmohan Reddy in the assets case should appear in court on May 28. The judge made this clear while reserving his orders on the petition filed by V Vijay Sai Reddy, the auditor of Jagan firms, who sought deferment of the summons and other proceedings in the case till the CBI completed its investigation. When the counsel for Vijay Sai Reddy urged the court to pronounce its decision on his client's petition before May 28, the day Jagan and other accused have been summoned to the court, the judge said: \"Let them appear. It is their first appearance.\"While the counsel for the auditor said it was an abuse of court process to file so many chargesheets, the CBI counsel argued that the probe agency was very much within its rights to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13369883", "title": "Gold worth Rs 1L stolen from Parra home", "text": "MAPUSA: Unknown miscreants broke into the house of Reshma Bagkar in Parra and stole gold ornaments worth 1 lakh.The Mapusa police said that the family was out the whole of Sunday night and returned home on Monday morning to find the front door's lock broken. Upon opening a cupboard, they found that gold ornaments worth around 1 lakh were missing.The Mapusa police were informed and they conducted a panchanama and a registered a case of theft.A further investigation is in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13369739", "title": "Houses ready, but possession delayed", "text": "PUNE: About 1,000 flats built for the poor are lying vacant at Chikhli in Pimpri-Chinchwad, making them an easy target for vandals and petty thieves.The work on phase I started in March 2009 and was supposed to be completed by July 2011. However, only 1,000 flats could be readied till May 2012.Window panes and doors of some tenements were found to be damaged while household fittings were stolen from some buildings.The houses were constructed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM). Though the municipal corporation has finalized the first list of beneficiaries, the allotment has not been done for want of certain formalities.The beneficiaries are demanding that the tenements be allotted to them at the earliest.Sambhaji Gore, a resident of Tapkirnagar in Kalewadi, said, \"The first instalment of Rs 50,000 was paid to the civic body some five months back. I am paying a rent of Rs 2,000 for the place we are staying in right now. I am a street vendor and my income is limited. I had to take a loan to pay the first installment.\"Another beneficiary, Alka Shinde, a resident of Ashoknagar in Bhosari had a similar tale to tell.\"Had we got possession of the flat a few months back we would have tried to obtain admissions for our children in a school near Chikhli. Now, the civic body is demanding nationality certificate before taking possession of the flat. It is difficult to get such a certificate.\"Ankush Chavan, another beneficiary from Jadhavwadi said, \"I had taken a loan at a higher interest rate to pay the installment of Rs 50,000 seven months back and have to repay it. The house owner has hiked the rent to Rs 2,500 from the earlier Rs 1,500 which is unaffordable''.Beneficiaries and their family members visit the residential site frequently, but they do not know which flat will be allotted to them. Each flat has an area of 400 sq.ft. Initially, the PCMC had promised to give each flat for Rs 1.5 lakh.However, citing cost escalation, the price was revised to Rs 3.76 lakh.A senior civic officer said that providing security for the housing project is not their responsibility since the PCMC is yet to take possession from the contractor.\"The civic body will ensure that all the window panes, taps and other fittings of the tenements are intact before taking over from the contractor,\" he said.Activists demand early allotmentSocial organizations and activists have asked the PCMC to start allotting the tenements at the earliest.Baba Kamble, president of the Kashtakari Kamgar Panchayat said, \"We have been fighting for early completion of the housing project, but the civic body is still in phase I. The poor are suffering due to negligence of the Union, state governments and the civic body. We are conducting division-wise meetings of the beneficiaries to decide our future course of action. A big agitation will be launched from May 31.\"Manav Kamble, president of the Nagari Hakka Suraksha Samiti, said, \"We had demanded a waiver of stamp duty and registration charges on these flats which can reduce the cost of each flat by Rs 1 lakh. The general body had passed a resolution in this regard and sent it to the state government for approval. But the ruling party and the civic administration have not followed up the subject with the state government, so nothing has happened in the past one year.\"Shrirang Barne, group leader of Shiv Sena and Republican Party of India (Athavale group), PCMC said, \"The civic body has increased the cost of flats meant for the poor. This will only benefit the ruling party and the builders. We want the ruling party to fulfill its election promise of providing flats at the original cost.\"About the housing schemeThe 1,000 tenements (small flats with an area of 400 sq ft each) are a part of the 6,700 flat scheme constructed for the poor people (economically weaker sections). This is the first phase of the project which is coming up on a 75-acre plot in Sector 17 and 19 in Chikhli. Being a JNNURM scheme, the Union and state governments are providing financial assistance.The civic general body has approved a resolution that if the Centre and state bear the escalated cost, they would cut down the price of each flat accordingly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13369358", "title": "White paper lists supportive steps to combat black money menace", "text": "NEW DELHI: The white paper on black money released on Monday has backed the idea of appointing independent regulators and ombudsmen, particularly for scarce resources such as land, minerals and forests to stamp out the possibility of generating black money.It said the process of allocation and utilization of natural resources including water, mines, forests and spectrum needs significant improvement in transparency and public accountability and appropriate price discovery mechanisms.\"...in the absence of which these sectors can become vulnerable to illegal encroachments, while their allocation at highly subsidized rates can lead to windfall gains for the allottees. There is therefore need for comprehensive reforms requiring coordination and consensus among states and the centre,\" the paper said.\"In order to ensure transparent and efficient allocation of natural and man-made resources, oversight in the form of comprehensive regulations, independent regulator, and appointment of ombudsmen for grievance redressal, particularly for scarce resources - as in land, minerals, and forests - can be considered as a remedy,\" it said.The paper also called for several supportive measures to combat the menace of black money. It talked about creating public awareness and support, enhancing accountability of auditors, protection to whistleblowers and witnesses, strengthening social values among other measures to deal with the problem.\"Unlike many developed countries, auditors in India have not been requisitely accountable, resulting in frequent undermining of this important aspect,\" the paper said.It also said that cases were regularly detected by the regulatory authorities where the auditors had failed to point out \"gross violations and blatant misrepresentations\" and in the absence of adequate effective provisions, the auditors were hardly ever held accountable for these lapses.\"There will be need in future to look into various aspects of the functioning and regulation of the role of auditors and various other professionals verifying the declarations and statements by firms and ensure that there are adequate safeguards and sufficient accountability of such professionals,\" the paper said.It also called for a witness protection law and said all law enforcement agencies may need to look at adopting witness protection programmes to provide adequate protection to informants and whistleblowers.\"In, India, the law has not been able to provide adequate protection to informants/whistleblowers, nor do government departments have effective witness-protection programmes,\" the paper said.\"As a result, credible information is not forthcoming and witnesses do not turn up or turn hostile resulting in acquittals in prosecution cases,\" it added.The paper also said citizens should be kept in the loop about government strategies as in a democratic form of government, political will and decisions were often \"a function of public demand and perception\".The paper said people must be made aware of how the government viewed the problem of black money and how it planned to deal with the problem. \"There is also a need to initiate greater public dialogue and debate about the virtues of tax compliance and the menace of black money, while rising above the rhetoric and sincerely attempting to develop a broader understanding of what leads to it and how it can be controlled,\" the paper said.\"It needs to be understood by one and all that state authorities do not possess magic wands with which they can achieve anything that they desire or are directed to achieve,\" it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13372973", "title": "Uttar Pradesh to float global tender for laptops, tablet PCs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party government is likely to float a global tender for bulk purchase of tablet PCs and laptops to be distributed among students from the state who clear class X and XII of UP, CBSE and CISCE boards this year. Since the number of eligible candidates for the scheme is substantial, officers looking after the project are of the view that competitive bidding through a global tender would make the cost competitive.If all goes well, students will get tablet PCs and laptops by September, about two months after the start of the new academic session. While 36.82 lakh students are enrolled for class X of UP Board, about 26.36 lakh will appear in class XII. The pass percentage of UP board is around 70% for class X and 80% for class XII, which means that the government will have to buy 21 lakh laptops and 25 lakh tablet PCs for the students passing the UP Board examinations alone. If one takes into account the students of CBSE and CISCE also, the figure may touch 22 lakh laptops and 26 lakh tablet PCs.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had constituted an \"overseeing committee\" in April to supervise the procurement of the laptops and tablet PCs. The committee, headed by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, is negotiating with major information technology companies.Other than the chief secretary, the committee consists of nine senior IAS officers, including principal secretaries of departments of finance, planning, higher and secondary education among others.While secretary, secondary education, Parthsarthi Sen Sharma, refused to comment, a senior officer of the planning department said, \"The committee is holding talks with companies and one of the essential conditions for a company to participate in the tender is that the company should have a full-fledged office in India.\"The committee is studying the Tamil Nadu model for procurement of laptops and its distribution among students. Tamil Nadu government in 2011 spent Rs 13,939 per laptop, which was around Rs 10,000 lower than the market price, a difference of around 40%.\"Keeping the increase in inflation rate in mind, UP government may have to spend at least Rs 15,000 for a laptop,\" said a member of the committee. This way UP would have to spend at least Rs 3,150 crore in 2012-13 to fulfil its laptop promise. If one keeps 40% lower price in case of tablets as well, it will cost the government around Rs 1,750 crore.The CM is monitoring the project and has made it clear that his government is looking forward to buy quality products at competitive prices. He also wants that the work should be completed within next three months. While drawing attention towards recent meeting of chief minister with Shiv Nadar, chairman of IT major HCL, officers also revealed that IT companies are more than willing to crack the deal with the UP government. After all, it will fetch them business worth over Rs 5,000 crore in a year.Committee is studying TN model of procurementOther than the chief secretary, the committee consists of nine senior IAS officers, including principal secretaries of departments of finance, planning, higher and secondary education among others.While secretary, secondary education, Parthsarthi Sen Sharma, refused to comment, a senior officer of the planning department said, \"The committee is holding talks with companies and one of the essential conditions for a company to participate in the tender is that the company should have a full-fledged office in India.\" The committee is studying the Tamil Nadu model for procurement of laptops and its distribution among students. Tamil Nadu government in 2011 spent Rs 13,939 per laptop, which was around Rs 10,000 lower than the market price, a difference of around 40%.\"Keeping the increase in inflation rate in mind, UP government may have to spend at least Rs 15,000 for a laptop,\" said a member of the committee. This way UP would have to spend at least Rs 3,150 crore in 2012-13 to fulfil its laptop promise. If one keeps 40% lower price in case of tablets as well, it will cost the government around Rs 1,750 crore.The CM is monitoring the project and has made it clear that his government is looking forward to buy quality products at competitive prices. He also wants that the work should be completed within next three months. While drawing attention towards recent meeting of chief minister with Shiv Nadar, chairman of IT major HCL, officers also revealed that IT companies are more than willing to crack the deal with the UP government. After all, it will fetch them business worth over Rs 5,000 crore in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370873", "title": "Samajwadi party government takes blue off traffic police's uniform", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another move to wipe out the 'signs' of the BSP rule, the SP government on Monday decided to change the colour of traffic cops' uniform - from blue to khaki trousers. The white shirts, however, will remain the same. The change will come into effect from July 1.Announcing the decision to change the uniform of the traffic police, inspector general (crime) BP Singh said that change in uniform should not be seen through the lens of politics. He said a committee constituted for the purpose had proposed the change as the present uniform resembled that of a private security agencies creating confusion. \"Khakhi, which is also colour of police department, has been introduced as it would have similarity with the force,\" he added.The UP traffic police had an all-white uniform till the BSP government came to power in 2007 and ordered to replace the white trousers by blue on April 1, 2008. It was said that owing to increasing pollution, maintaining a neat and clean uniform remained a headache for cops, particularly those manning the traffic at busy intersections amid clouds of black smoke emanating from the exhaust of the automobiles plying on city roads. Hence an informal request for change in color of traffic police uniform was taken up with the BSP government by the department bosses. The BSP government made the best of the opportunity and notified the new traffic cops' uniform as 'white shirts and blue trousers'.As blue happens to be the official color of the BSP, the change led to an uproar by the opposition parties which accused the BSP government of politicizing the police force. The Samajwadi Party called it a stunt to promote the color of the ruling BSP. Interestingly, the colour of Bahujan Volunteer Force (BVF) uniform was also the same. Taking a dig at the BSP government's move to change the colour of traffic cops' uniform, SP leader Rajendra Chaudhary had stated that it would become difficult for the common man to differentiate between a traffic constable and a BSP worker.Coming after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav terminating as many as 26 different schemes and projects launched by the Mayawati regime, the change in uniform is sure to come as a handle for the BSP to repeat its allegations that the SP government was resorting to political vendetta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13369422", "title": "Exhibition centre to be ready by June 15", "text": "HUBLI: The multipurpose exhibition centre will be ready by June 15 to host the mega industrial exhibition 'Incomex-12', deputy commissioner Darpan Jain has said.The construction of compound, arch and concrete roads has been completed, Jain said at a meeting held recently at the Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) office.The government has already sanctioned funds for the construction of the centre. An auditorium, administration office and 300 shops with facilities for parking, water and toilet will be built soon, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13384561", "title": "X Fader's 'Koka Wala Nag' a hit !", "text": "The track is a Bhangra/Punjabi track with western fusion beats and lyrics featuring three vocalists. Mukhtiar Singh has written the Punjabi lyrics and also sung the track. The sing-a-long and catchy 'Boliyan' have been sung by Megha from New Delhi, India. The rap is performed by Elroy Powell better known by his stage name Spoonface, the voice behind Black Legend's 'You See the Trouble with Me' and the club anthem 'Hey Girl'. Spoonface has collaborated with a number of artists from varying genres including Kelis , Craig David and the Sugababes.X Fader does what he does best, flexing his production skills by fusing ethnic flavours with a western beat mainly showcased in the chorus section of the track. His foundation and experience in DJing comes through in his production as the track blends smoothly into the latest RnB, Hip Hop and Rap music, something he has learnt from his DJ sets, dropping beats to club goers across the world.The video for 'Koka Wala Nag' has been shot in Delhi over 8 locations by upcoming Bollywood Director - Nishit Bhatia (Asst. Director - Kurbaan, Anjaana Anjaani). Edited by Ejaz Shaikh (music videos for Ra.One, Anjaana Anjaani, Housefull).'Koka Wala Nag' is taken from X Fader's eagerly anticipated debut album called 'Jiwan', which will be releasing very soon. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13371017", "title": "Samajwadi Party eyes expansion, to contest Gujarat polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: In an apparent move to expand its base beyond the geographical and political boundaries of Uttar Pradesh, the Samajwadi Party is preparing to contest the Gujarat assembly elections, scheduled to be held later this year. The larger plan is to contest assembly elections in all the four states, where elections are to be held before the 2014 Lok Sabha polls to test the political waters in these states and also push for a national status for SP, which is still a state party.Eyeing on a substantial migrant population from Uttar Pradesh settled in the industrial belts of Bharuch and Vapi in south Gujarat apart from Ahmedabad and Vadodra in central Gujarat, SP national president Mulayam Singh Yadav is expected to address a meeting of the party workers in Ahmedabad on June 7. The party is expected to make the final announcement of its plans to contest the assembly elections in Gujarat at this meeting. According to party insiders, a host of senior SP leaders including chief minister Akhilesh Yadav will also hold meetings thereafter.South Gujarat general secretary of Samajwadi Party, Gulab Singh met Mulayam recently in Delhi, and it was decided that SP supremo will visit Ahmedabad on June 7 to formally kick start the Gujarat poll preparations for contesting the assembly elections in Gujarat to be held later this year.The SP had launched a membership drive in certain pockets of Gujarat in April last. Encouraged by the response of UP migrants and local Muslims, party's poll managers are hopeful of a good performance in Gujarat elections. \"There are around 6 lakh people(including families) from UP and Bihar who have settled in Gujarat. Of these almost 5 lakh are registered voters. This chunk of the electorate can certainly make a difference in 20 odd constituencies of Gujarat,\" said a senior SP leader looking after the Gujarat events. \"The response of the membership drive has been encouraging particularly in Surat, Bharuch, Ankleshwar, Vapi, Umargam and Valsad in south Gujarat,\" he said.Before the 2014 general elections, Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh , Madhya Pradesh , Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland , Delhi, Rajasthan and Tripura will go to assembly polls by the end of 2013. The SP is preparing to test the political waters in MP, Delhi and Rajasthan assembly polls as well.Apart from testing the political waters outside Uttar Pradesh, the SP is also keen to be notified as a national party. Presently the SP is a state party, while Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party and Bahujan Samaj Party happen to be the only three national parties of the country. Earlier, the CPI happened to be the fourth national party, which was stripped off its status in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections.According to the criteria set by the Election Commission, a national party needs to contest from four or more states and get at least 6% votes from at least four states or get 2% of total seats in the Lok Sabha from at least three states or it should be a party recognized as a state party in at least four states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13372577", "title": "Bookworms keep libraries alive", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the world now turning to the internet and electronic media for seeking information on all kinds of topics, one would think libraries have almost become obsolete. But going by the increasing number of members joining District Library here, it seems books still hold their away among the residents of the city.The premier library is registering a steady growth in its membership and with good reason - District Library has more than 50,000 titles in its fold and is considered a Mecca for bookworms in the city as it caters to each and every topic of interest and study besides boasting a substantial collection of children's books as well. At present, it has 36,617 registered members (as of January 30, 2012), excluding those who have joined in the past three months.\"I come to District Library as it provides me with many title options. It is a treasure trove of old and new books. Since many of the books available in the market are quite expensive and one can't buy all of them, I prefer the library. One can't turn to the internet for everything,\" said Sangeeta Deka, a student who's a member of the library.\"The Interest in books hasn't gone down with the rapid spread of the internet and electronic media as yet. I don't think library membership will be affected adversely in future as well as it caters to the need of thousands of knowledge seekers who want to do indepth study on a topic and want to read real books and not e-books. The registered members have increased and the figures show a positive trend,\" said Jaya Choudhury, assistant librarian. She added the library has begun computerisation of all the titles and by 2013, the process, which began last month, will be complete.Consecrated under the scheme of educational development (5th Five Year Plan of 1951-1956), which foresaw the improvement of library services, four district libraries along with the State Central Library in Shillong were set up in 1954. With the shifting of the capital from Shillong to Guwahati in 1972, District Library became the foremost library in the state.It was in 1984 that the library was upgraded to the directorate of library services under the department of education, keeping in view the importance of library services and the rapid growth of libraries. At present, Assam has a public library system functioning under the directorate, and there are 23 district libraries, 14 sub-divisional libraries and 204 rural ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13367443", "title": "Obama says Afghanistan 'won't stand alone' even as isolated Pakistan plays spoiler", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama on Monday pledged that Afghanistan \"wont' stand alone\" even as Pakistan continued to play spoiler at the Nato summit in Chicago , complicating the alliance's draw-down from region with its dogged refusal to reopen supply routes.Not even its growing international isolation and the threat of a public humiliation by President Obama, who held back from a bilateral meeting with President Zardari, could budge Pakistan as it drove a hard bargain to extract money and strategic leverage from the Afghan situation. The US President deferred the meeting even though he met the other key player in the equation, Afghan President Hamid Karzai, as officials from both sides worked frantically to address Pakistani demands.The price Pakistan is demanding, according to an assortment of officials speaking on the subject, is $ 5000 per US /Nato container in ''taxes,'' plus $ 1 billion in reparations for its war \"sacrifices,\" and reimbursement and resumption of money under coalition support funds (CSF). Even US officials are not sure who is speaking for Islamabad and if Pakistan has thought the whole thing through, and are saying as much. The suggestion is that the Pakistani military is pulling the strings and Zardari and his civilian entourage as just front-men.Washington is trying to whittle down the Pakistani demands without appearing to succumb to what is widely seen as blackmail. Pakistan's position has attracted widespread criticism and revulsion in the US. The headline in the Los Angeles Times after day one of the summit read: ''At NATO summit, warm welcome for most leaders, but not Pakistan's.''Obama himself appeared to publicly snub Pakistan in his opening remarks at the summit, conspicuously excluding Zardari and his entourage in his welcoming address that mentioned many others including Afghan President Hamid Karzai as well as \"officials from Central Asia and Russia ...nations that have an important perspective and that continue to provide critical transit for ISAF supplies.\"Zardari and his foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar were seated at the round table when Obama made the remarks. Zardari was also reportedly absent from the photo session of the participating leaders. But Obama later briefly met Zardari along with Karzai although there were no significant exchanges.Amid frantic backroom bargaining though, US official put the best gloss on an ugly situation with the usual platitudes about Pakistan's place in the scheme of things. US Special Representative for Af-Pak Marc Grossman acknowledged differences remain between the two countries, but negotiations continue and efforts are being made for the resolution of contentious issues.\"The United States is committed to a strong, mutually beneficial relationship built on concrete actions to enhance the security and prosperity of Pakistan, the United States and the region,\" one US official said, after Zardari met with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to break the impasse, seemingly without success.Amid the stalemate that is threatening the planned US/Nato drawdown from Afghanistan, White House official Ben Rhodes maintained 'the types of issues that are being worked through about the reopening of the supply lines are not the type of issues that get hammered out at the presidential level. These are things that working-level negotiating teams sit down and address.'' In other words, the issue wasn't even coming up the chain of command, evidently because the Pakistani military was throwing a spanner in the works while allowing the civilian leadership to be humiliated.US officials have announced that NATO-led combat operation, combat mission, ISAF, will end at the stroke of midnight, December 31st, 2014. Nato leaders are set to approve is a midway mile marker sometime in September (incidentally, just before the U.S elections) that allows a transition from NATO lead to Afghan lead.''We'll set the goal for Afghan forces to take the lead of the combat operations across the country in 2013. This will be another step toward Afghans taking full lead for their security as agreed to by 2014 when the ISAF combat mission will end,\" Obama told the summit in a message that was aimed as much at Americans tired of the Afghan engagement and gearing up for the elections.But US officials have maintained that the transition does not mean Washington will pack up completely. ''The mission...shifts from combat to more of a support role,'' Gen. Douglas Lute, special assistant to the President on Af-Pak, explained. ''There still will be combat capability in the ISAF force, there will still be combat authorities, there will still be an expectation that there will be combat.''How the US will maintain the capability with only 20 per cent of personnel when its peak force of 140,000 troops could not fully establish control over Afghanistan is something that isn't very clear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13374547", "title": "Mayor to take Kerala Water Authority to task over pipe leakage", "text": "KOCHI: With the Corporation councillors raising the issue of the drinking water getting contaminated as a result of leakages in the pipelines and affecting the health of the people in the city, Kochi mayor Tony Chammany assured the council that he would seek explanation from officials of KWA.At the council meeting held on Monday, opposition councillors said that KWA did not carry out the maintenance works of pipelines.The mayor informed the council that he had already discussed the issue with minister for water resources, P J Joseph.\"KWA has given us an assurance in the presence of the minister that it would rectify leakages in pipelines and prevent contaminated water from entering the pipes. The corporation will look into this issue and ask department to initiate action against officials who have failed in executing the orders,\" said Chammany.The councillors also put forth the demand to spare corporation's overseers from census duty as it affected the progress of division works. It was pointed out that in the absence of overseers, there was no monitoring of the works undertaken by contractors. \"This will affect the quality of works carried out at division level,\" said councillor, N A Shafeek.Regarding the decision over collecting tax arrears from an apartment complex in the city, the mayor informed the council that he would make a detailed study on the matter and provide an explanation in the next meeting. Earlier, the mayor expressed his displeasure over the absence of councillors at the corporation council meeting. Chammany pointed out the council did not have the required number of members. Reminding the members theneed to participate in the council meeting, he said, \"It was decided to hold two council meetings every month as the councillors said they more time and opportunities to present their cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13369390", "title": "Black money menace: Upgrade technology, raise trained manpower for tax department", "text": "NEW DELHI: The white paper on black money has made several recommendations to deal with the problem but it seems that the lack of manpower and absence of cutting edge technology is hampering the government's efforts to combat the menace.It lists a number of steps to strengthen the direct tax administration, of the Financial Intelligence Unit, Central Economic Intelligence Bureau, the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence and Enforcement Directorate.The paper mentions the problem of manpower and technology in almost all the tax departments and calls for effective steps to address the two issues to enable the government's fight against the generation of black money.\"As the contribution of direct taxes in revenue collection rises, direct tax administration must be strengthened to ensure that it keeps pace with the rising needs of the growing economy,\" the paper said.\"This factor is also important because the direct tax databases are one of the largest databases available in the country and being an accounts-based tax, it has the potential of creating appropriate audit trails that can build strong deterrence against evasion as well as help catch evaders and trace black money kept in various forms within the country and abroad,\" the paper said.At another pace, the paper said the manpower and technology available to the Directorate of International Taxation, which has played a crucial role in unearthing black money, needs to be improved.Similarly, manpower problem is hurting the plan to issue PAN cards. \"Providing adequately trained manpower can help improve the efficiency of the (tax) department by leaps and bounds,\" the paper said.\"The data-mining capacities of the department need to be strengthened with risk-analysis tools. Due to the voluminous data coming for analysis from different sources, the work cannot be done manually and intelligent software needs to be designed to this end,\" the paper said while pointing to the need for setting a Directorate of Risk Management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13370014", "title": "Four held for burglary in Kalyaninagar", "text": "PUNE: The Yerawada police on Monday claimed to have solved a house robbery which took place at Kalyaninagar on May 3, following the arrest of a gang of four suspects, identified as Mukesh Lahane (24), Vicki Kusale (19), Karan Tupe (30), all from Yerawada and Abhijit Golve (22) from Koregaon Park.A police team, led by senior inspector Deepak Sawant of the Yerawada police station, made the arrests. The police also claimed to have detected two burglaries committed by the gang. The police have recovered a silver bar worth Rs 75,000 from them.Addressing a news conference on Monday, deputy commissioner of police (zone IV) Sanjay Jadhav, said on May 3, the suspects had barged into the bungalow of Arjun Indalkar (21) of Kalyaninagar, when his grandfather was alone. \"When Indalkar reached home, he saw four men, armed with sharp weapons, coming out of his grandfather's room. When he tried to raise an alarm, the suspects threatened to kill him and looted silver ornaments and an LPG cylinder all totalling Rs 13,000,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav said during sustained interrogation the suspects admitted to their involvement in the robbery. The police have recovered booty worth Rs 9,000 from them. The suspects also revealed that they had broken into a row house at Kalyaninagar in March and had stolen silver idols. \"They sold the idols to a jeweller in Bibvewadi. We have seized a silver bar worth Rs 75,000 from the jeweller,\" Jadhav said.The suspects also had stolen five LPG cylinders from another bungalow in Kalyaninagar. \"We have recovered five cylinders from them,\" Jadhav said.Inspector Sawant said the suspects had recently formed a gang. \"Before they could commit more offences, we have managed to nab them,\" Sawant said.The investigating team comprised sub-inspector Anil Mane, and constables Yashwant Khandare and Kiran Khedkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13383209", "title": "Resume scandal: Ex-Yahoo CEO quits Splunk board", "text": "NEW YORK: Yahoo Inc ex-Chief Executive Officer Scott Thompson resigned from the board of Splunk Inc after a scandal about a false degree listed on his resume led to his departure from Yahoo. Thompson's stepped down from the board May 18, Splunk said in a statement. The San Francisco-based company, which makes software for analyzing Web data, plans to announce a successor at a later date. He also resigned as a director of F5 Networks Inc last week. Thompson's downfall at Yahoo stemmed from references in his biography saying that he held a bachelor's degree in computer science from Stonehill College . The incorrect degree showed up in the company's regulatory filings and its website. Yahoo replaced Thompson with interim CEO Ross Levinsohn , head of its global media, on May 13. Before resigning as CEO, Thompson told directors he has been diagnosed with thyroid cancer, according to a person briefed on the matter. \"We thank Mr. Thompson for his contributions to the company,\" Splunk Chairman and CEO Godfrey Sullivan said in today's statement. \"In regard to recent health issues, we wish Scott all the best for a fast and full recovery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13367061", "title": "Emission level from cellphone towers within limit, department of telecommunication says", "text": "JAIPUR: The department of telecommunication (DoT), government of India, in its letter to the state government has made it clear that the emission level from the cellphone towers in Jaipur is well within the limit and indicates that it poses no threat to human life.Addressed to the chief secretary, the letter says, \"Radiations in the city are within safe limits and absolutely follow the international standards\". It added that no excessive radiations emitting from the towers were found by the DoT. GS Sandhu, principal secretary, urban development and housing confirmed the development. \"We have received the communication from the DoT and it stated that radiations under the safe limit\".Communication from the Centre is important when there is a public outcry against the installation of cellphone towers in residential areas. Many people have raised their concerns claiming that the radiations are the primary reason for ill health.\"These radiations are undoubtedly harmful. They are the main reason for headache and possible cause of brain tumour. How can the government of India give a clean chit to these telecom companies?\" asked Kamaleshwar Singh, a resident of Tilak Nagar.However, the experts' claim that there are no conclusive scientific studies anywhere to prove low radiation emitted from cellular towers can cause cancer in human beings. \"There is no conclusive scientific fact which can directly link cellular tower radiation with cancer. There are various other environmental risk factors which could be responsible for increasing cases of cancer and authorities should look into it,\" said Dr Ajay Kumar, the sole Indian member at the World Medical Council, a representative body of doctors across countries.Experts had gathered in Jaipur on Monday to speak on a scientific session held on: 'Cellular Towers &amp; Radiation- What's true &amp; What's Not' after the Pink City witnessed several protests over cellular towers in the past few weeks.Putting forth their point amid criticism, the COAI ( Cellular Operators Association of India) and AUSPI (Association of Unified Telecom Service Providers of India) on Monday briefed media dispersing the claims made against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13367933", "title": "Deokar should quit over housing scam: Opposition", "text": "MUMBAI: NCP minister Gulabrao Deokar's arrest on Monday will provide the Opposition Shiv Sena-BJP combine the much-needed ammunition to slam the Congress-led Democratic Front government. The Sena-BJP has demanded Deokar's resignation as a minister of state.Deokar has been arrested for his alleged role in the Rs 29-crore Jalgaon housing scandal. He is minister of state for transport in the DF and guardian minister for Jalgaon as well.Sena MLA and political heavyweight from Jalgaon, Suresh Jain, was one of the first key political functionaries to be arrested in the housing scandal.\"Deokar shouldn't be allowed to be in the state cabinet as he will misuse his official position to influence the police probe in the Jalgaon housing scandal,'' said Sena MLC Divakar Raote on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13384319", "title": "Polaris launches cloud-based insurance claims processing solution", "text": "CHENNAI: Banking, financial services and insurance (BFSI) sector software company Polaris Financial Technology launched its insurance claims processing software Intellect Claims.In a statement issued here, the company said the new product is a comprehensive cloud enabled claim processing system that caters to several lines of insurance business including life and disability health.According to Polaris, the new solution will take all of the elements that make claim processing so complex and bring them all together in a simple and accurate environment and insurers can easily roll out new policies after setting up the claims portion with the new solution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13369206", "title": "Parties to get list of booth level officers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District magistrate Anil Kumar had instructed that list of booth level officers (BLOs) should be given to the representatives of different political parties.The list of polling centres/polling booths was provided to the representatives of various political parties. Kumar sought proposals regarding change of the polling centres. He asked them to appoint the booth level agents and submit the list to the authorities.Kumar instructed that if there is any complaint regarding the voter list, then it should be informed to the additional district magistrate (administration).He also gave instructions for photography of all the polling centres. The municipal officials were instructed to install boards mentioning the name and mobile numbers of the BLOs at the polling centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366965", "title": "CBSE springs a surprise, declares Std X results at night", "text": "NAGPUR: In an extremely surprising move, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) declared results of Std X exams late on Monday evening. Results in the city threw no surprises as girls finished 1-2-3, outsmarting boys as has been the trend over the years.CBSE officials in Delhi refused to comment on the 'surprising' move to release results late at night without any prior intimation. A senior official with the board told TOI, \"There was a meeting of the concerned committee in the evening and it seems the decision to release the results was taken there itself. Results for Std XII board exams are likely to be declared by this weekend.\"By 8pm all school officials were busy at their respective homes downloading the data from the official website and calculating the results. However, not everyone was ready with the data at the time of going to press. According to information available, students from Bhavans (Civil Lines) may have secured the top two positions with Runjan Bhelekar scoring 99.6% and Yutika Dongre netting 99.4%. Sakshi Gattani of Modern (Neeri Branch) with 98.8% is No. 3.Only results of the Chennai region, under whose jurisdiction Maharashtra comes, have been released as is done every year. The early results are declared for this region because admission process in some southern states kicks off early.In Nagpur almost every student opted for the board exam with only a handful choosing the board evaluated exam.The board does not declare a student pass or fail. It allows students who have scored either A1, A2, B1, B2, C1, C2 or D grades to continue to the next class. Students with E1 or E2 grades are declared eligible for improvement of performance. The board has allowed the academic grade of students who have done well in co-scholastic areas like sports to be upgraded.Candidates who wish to apply for verification of marks can do it within 21 days of the declaration of results. The candidates who wish to apply for Improvement of Performance ( IOP) can apply in the prescribed form before June 22 without late fee. The tentative date of this Examination will be July 16.The success rate of the Chennai region stands at 99.49%, up from last year's 98.92%. Across the country, of the 11 lakh class X students, 8 lakh could either opt for the board exam or the school-based test. A whopping 71% chose to take the school based exam. CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi said, \"This year, more Indian families have accepted the school-level exam. Teachers from across the country tell us that our children are enjoying their studies, apart from the fact that stress levels have dropped.\"Results of all the regions will be out by May 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13384292", "title": "Moss still calls me when she\u2019s drunk: Pete Doherty", "text": "Pete Doherty has revealed that his supermodel ex girlfriend Kate Moss makes \"drunk calls\" to him, even after five years of their split.The 38-year-old supermodel has been married for nearly a year to The Kills' guitarist Jamie Hince since then.Doherty, 33, who is in Cannes where he is promoting his first film, 'Confession of a Child of the Century', spoke about their romance, heated arguments and Moss' love of drunk calling.\"She was just a girl that I met that I really, really liked. The reason that it didn't work was because of all the other things. It really annoyed me that people in my life couldn't accept it in their heads that I was with her, the Mirror quoted him as saying.\"People in her life didn't want her to have anything to do with me. Every time we'd have an argument she'd say 'All my friends are right about you'. I think 'you know what, in a different world maybe we could...' It's sad. But it's the same thing. It's all in her court.\"She wants to get drunk and call me and talk s***. That's fine but I wouldn't be able to do that to her. Anyway, she's married. I've listened to her [on voicemail]. A couple of times she's got drunk and called me and been a bit silly.\"But she's a happily married woman, why does she want to speak to me? Maybe she's still in love with me... No, she's not. She hates my guts anyway,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368820", "title": "Yeddyurappa spells poll trouble for BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: Not willing to lie low, former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Monday fired a fresh salvo, hinting that he will be a thorn in BJP's flesh during the forthcoming polls to the legislative council.Reacting to news reports that the state BJP has dumped him from canvassing for polls to six seats from graduates' and teachers' constituencies, Yeddyurappa said the party suffered a debacle in Udupi-Chikamagalur Lok Sabha bypoll without him, and its prospects in the upcoming elections aren't too bright either.For the elections, the BJP has set up four teams, each headed by state BJP president KS Eshwarappa, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, rural development and panchayat raj (RDPR) minister Jagadish Shettar, and ministers R Ashoka and S Suresh Kumar. Before finalizing the teams, Eshwarappa on Sunday asked some legislators loyal to Yeddyurappa if the former CM was interested to lead a team. \"The reply was negative. Hence, we finalized the team without him,\" a senior leader explained.Former CM gets back at KS EshwarappaReacting to Eshwarappa's remarks that he would have committed suicide if he was facing hurdles like Yeddyurappa, the former CM said: \"The statement was made not to empathize but to provoke me. Three attempts were made to dislodge me when I was CM and all were party to it. I have tolerated all this.\" On senior leader Rajnath Singh's 'no-vacancy' statement, he said such comments are unwarranted and maintained that he has never clamoured for any party position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13372970", "title": "Maharashtra, Kerala in battle for semis", "text": "CUTTACK: Former champions Maharashtra and Kerala didn't turn heads with their performance in the last two or three editions of the National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy.Having qualified from the clusters and being placed in the toughest quarterfinal Group A - that also included Bengal and Punjab, the two most successful teams in the competition's history - few expected them to do any better in the ongoing 66th edition here. But they've surprised many and as they head into their quarterfinal league clash on Tuesday at the Barabati, one of them are poised to make the semis.The last time Kerala and Maharashtra had reached the semis was in 2006, and incidentally, they had gone down to Bengal and Punjab, respectively.Maharashtra, who are on six points after having beaten both Bengal and Punjab, are better placed as they will go through if the match ends in stalemate. Kerala (4 points), on the other hand, need to win to knock out Maharashtra.Maharashtra coach Irenio Vaz, though, has just erased the draw option from his thoughts. \"I have told the boys to completely forget about the draw and just go for a win,\" he said.The only change Vaz is likely to make from the XI is a forced one - putting in goalkeeper Shiekh Alim in place of the suspended Kunal Sawant (double booking).Manipur need to hold GoaLast year's runners-up Manipur need just a point from their last quarterfinal league match against Goa, on Tuesday, to move up from Group B. Both Manipur and Goa have six points from two wins each.Haryana hold Odisha 1-1Hosts Odisha failed to secure their second win on the trot when they were held 1-1 by Haryana in their quarterfinal Group C clash, at the Barabati Stadium on Monday.After Haryana striker Abhishek had put his team ahead as early as the eighth minute, Antu Murmu equalized for Odisha in the first half itself, but failed to find the winning goal.Odisha, who had defeated Chattisgarh 4-0 in their first match, now have four points from two matches while Haryana secured their first point from the draw. The hosts began on an aggressive note and could have opened the scoring in the fourth minute but Murmu's shot game to grief on the post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13373411", "title": "Get high, but don't fly, said invite", "text": "MUMBAI: In all, 91 partygoers - of whom 38 were women-were detained from Oakwood Premier Hotel in Juhu on Sunday. Among them were several foreigners and celebrities, including IPL cricketers Rahul Sharma and Wayne Parnell , actor Apurva Agnihotri and his wife Shilpa Saklani, fashion designer Rocky S , and models Hazel and Samantha Singh. All those detained were sent to Cooper and JJ hospitals for collection of blood and urine samples to verify if any of them had taken drugs.Handa's blood and urine samples were also collected for medical exam. His lawyer maintained that Handa had gone to the party for an \"inspection\" and was not aware of the presence of drugs.The invite to the party can still be found on Handa's Facebook page. Police officers suspect that it contains hints of the event being a rave, such as \"Lets rock this town-so get ready to get high...Please do not try to FLY...Because Flying is an illusion not a Reality\". The page was allegedly prepared by Handa and a group called the Designer Hippies. The group's website says the \"Hippies are\" brothers Romeo and Deepesh Sharma, \"who were signed up by a US record label\" this February. The group was deejaying at the Sunday event.\"Handa claims the link on his Facebook wall was posted by someone else,\" said additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil, who supervised the raid. \"More than 2,500 people were invited on Facebook. And about 70 people confirmed their attendance.\"Nangre-Patil refused to comment on the suspected role of politicians' relatives.A senior officer said Handa had handed over an exhaustive guestlist to the hotel's manager. \"We have seized the list and found names of guests written by hand. Sharma and Parnell's names weren't on the list, which means they either just walked in or were brought by mediators,\" the officer added.Handa has been booked under section 8 (c) read with sections, 20, 21, 25, 27 and 29 of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act. Most of these offences are non-bailable. His lawyer BK Ashok said Handa was running a franchise for Singapore-based firm Oakwood. \"The drugs could have been brought by those present at the party. They were found lying on the floor and not in Handa's possession. He only rented out the premises, presuming it to be a regular party,\" Ashok said.TV producer's kin fights cops, heldAmrit Sagar Chopra, who is related to a TV producer, was booked for \"obstructing a government servant from doing his duty\" after he clashed with the cops raiding Oakwood hotel on Sunday night. Chopra was produced before a metropolitan court and was released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13369887", "title": "Special children enjoy more than a splash in the pool", "text": "CHENNAI: When four-and-a-half-year-old Akash visited the My Ladye's Park pool behind Nehru Stadium for the first time, he was scared. A special child, Akash today splashes around in glee. His mother S Deepa says he has started speaking some words for the first time, after taking the swimming class.\"My son says 'good morning' to all the swimming coaches. He calls others 'friends'. He also swims up to 25 metres without assistance. I am so happy,\" says Deepa, whose husband Suresh owns an internet browsing centre at Kellys. There may not be any scientific evidence that swimming can help develop cognitive abilities and speech in special children, but a bunch of such children have been having good fun at the special coaching camp this summer.Every day, when the regular swimming class ends at the swimming pool, a batch of eight children dive in. Head coach M Muniyandi takes extra care to teach them. \"The daily class is for an hour,\" he says. Psychiatrist Dr C Catherine Victoria says swimming gives more confidence to special children. \"It helps coordination of body parts and enhance concentration. The muscular activity will prove beneficial for them in the long run,\" says Dr Victoria.Parents like B Venugopal, who runs a kiosk in Choolai, hope that swimming will help their children develop normally. He is happy that his 13-year-old son Prasad has, for the first time, started mingling with other children after coming to the swimming pool. \"I didn't expect my son would do any such activity. He is having fun,\" said Venugopal.And then there are champions in the pool. Arthi, 14, is a medal winner in the national championship for special children held in the city in February. Her aunt Vaishali says \"Every morning she is up and ready for practice. It's soothing to see her swim.\"Coaches say it's not very easy to train them. \"We have to give them instructions slowly, carefully and repeatedly,\" says Muniyandi, pointing at a bite mark on his wrist. The other day, a child obviously didn't find his instructions very amusing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13380355", "title": "Hero Gopichand is \u201cJagan Mohan IPS\u201d", "text": "It is known that lanky lad Gopichand is working with director Bhupati Pandiyan for a mass entertainer. The latest news is that this movie is titled \"Jagan Mohan IPS\", and will see Gopichand playing a powerful cop. Director Bhupati Pandiyan is working hard to showcase Gopichand in a new avatar and it'll be interesting to see the actor's characterization in the film. This is the second time Gopichand is enacting a cop's role, the first being \"Golimaar\", directed by Puri Jagannath.Nayanthara is sharing the screen space with Gopichand for the first time in this film and we need to watch out for their on-screen chemistry. \"Jagan Mohan IPS\" has wrapped up its first schedule of shooting in Ramoji film city recently and is currently undergoing second leg of production. Tandra Ramesh is producing the film under Balaji Real Media banner. SS Thaman is lending the soundtrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13367834", "title": "BCom admissions from June 16", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The HSC general stream result will be announced on Thursday. Unlike past years, the BCom admission will not begin the next day. Admission to 50-odd commerce colleges will begin from June 16.This is primarily because the mark sheets are not being given to the students on the day result is declared. The mark sheet of HSC general stream will be given to students from their respective schools on May 28.Officials said that there are 18,000-odd seats in commerce colleges in the city. The admission forms will be distributed by the GU to all the colleges from June 16. The forms will be distributed by the colleges and the filled in form will be accepted back on June 18, 19, 20 and 21.The first merit list will be prepared on June 22 and declared on June 23. The fee will be accepted by the colleges on June 25 and 26. On June 27, the second merit list will be prepared and fee will be accepted on June 28 and 29.\"Fifty per cent seats in commerce colleges are in English medium which will see maximum rush,\" said GU officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13374090", "title": "Health workers\u2019 shortage hits six govt labs", "text": "BHOPAL: Six diagnostic laboratories meant to control spread of vector-borne diseases like malaria and dengue have stopped functioning as its 90 contractual workers are out of job. The contracts are renewed by a health director, a post lying vacant after the suspension of Dr A N Mittal.According to district malaria officer Dr Padmakar Tripathi, six diagnostic laboratories have stopped functioning owing to sudden dismissal of service of daily wagers. These include community health centre (CHC) Misrod, Civil dispensary 1100 quarters, Rasool Ahmed Siddique primary health centre, Indira Gandhi and DIG bungalow Gas Rahat hospitals and PHC Nazirabad. \"I have requested the government to restore the service of these workers otherwise, I may not be able to consolidate the gains in controlling malaria in the district,\" said Dr Tripathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368149", "title": "Bag lost, British Airways to pay Rs 2L", "text": "NEW DELHI: A district consumer forum has ordered British Airways to pay Rs 2 lakh to a passenger, whose bag was lost when he took a flight from London to Delhi in July, 2007.District Consumer Dispute Redressal Forum (southwest Delhi) has ordered the airline to pay Rs1,55,700 to Rajkumar Bhatia of Faridabad along with Rs 40,000 as compensation and another Rs 10,00 toward cost of litigation.Bhatia had checked in four bags on a London-Delhi flight he took in 2007. On arrival in Delhi, he found that one bag, containing goods worth Rs 2 lakh, was missing. He registered a complaint with the airline but, despite promises to do so, the airline didn't respond within 24 hours. That bag wasn't traced and the airline informed Bhatia that his claim has been settled for Rs 20,521.42. About two months later, Bhatia received another cheque from the airline, this time for Rs 42,249.77. On neither occasion did the airline explain how it arrived at those figures, no details on claim settlements were furnished.In its defence, the airline argued that its liability is limited as per Montreal and Warsaw Conventions, especially articles 22 and 25 of the second one. The order from president Mona Sahni Kumar says, \"On going through the contents of these articles, we did not find the liability of the OP limited. We, further, hold that the complainant is also entitled to get reasonable compensation for his physical and mental harassment long with reasonable litigation cost.\"The commission directed the airline to pay the remaining of the claim amount - Rs 1,55,700 - Rs 40,000 as compensation and another Rs 10,000 as litigation costs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13366758", "title": "Money cannot compensate my plight, 'wronged' victim says", "text": "JAIPUR: The 57-year-old Sharma had little reason to rejoice after the high court verdict on Monday.\"I am not satisfied by the court order. No amount of money can compensate my plight,\" Sharma told TOI.A native of Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh, Sharma's troubles began in 1978 when he was a 23-year-old factory worker with the Jaipur Spinning and Weaving Mill Ltd, which later closed down. Following a dispute between the mill's management and the workers' union, a criminal complaint was lodged with the Bani Park police station. Sharma along with a couple of his co-workers were accused of getting into a scuffle with the management.When arrest warrants were issued against Sharma by a trial court in 1985, he appeared before the magistrate who released him on bail. The court finally acquitted him of the charges on March 6, 1992. The Bani Park Police, however, again arrested him for the same case on July 16, 2005 and produced him before the magistrate the next day. \"He kept pleading that he had been acquitted in the case 13 years ago, still he was sent to judicial custody,\" said Sudhir Kumar Tiwari, Sharma's lawyer.\"At the next hearing on July 19, 2005, the magistrate checked the court records and set Sharma free and ordered a probe against the court clerk who failed to notify the police in March 1992,\" Tiwari said.Sharma later filed a petition before the high court demanding compensation for his illegal detention for three days.Additional advocate general Dinesh Yadav, who represented the government in the case before the high court, said, \"The police were not at fault as the standing warrants were never withdrawn since 1985.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368480", "title": "CBSE results: School exams reduce stress", "text": "MUMBAI: The CBSE board on Monday announced Class X results for Chennai region. Across the country, of the 11,00,000 Class X students, 71% chose to take school-based exam. CBSE chairman Vineet Joshi said, \"This year, more students have accepted the school-level exam. Teachers from across the country tell us that children are enjoying their studies and stress levels have dropped.\" He added that the results of all the regions will be out by May 24.However, fearing junior college admission rules set in Maharashtra, fewer students from the state took school-based exams. While 21,000 students have registered for the CBSE board exams in Maharashtra, only 3,081 opted for school exams.Schools, though surprised, were happy with the results. CBSE, as usual, announced the results in the form of grades with the highest being Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) 10 (above 91%). At Apeejay School in Nerul, of 190 students, around 77 got a perfect score. \"The results are very good. Though the numbers of students with 10 CGPA has gone up slightly, there is no drastic change,\" said principal Rakesh Joshi. At Ramniranjan Podar School in Santacruz, 62 out of 180 students scored a perfect CGPA 10. Cherian George, principal, Kendriya Vidalaya, Powai, said this year 73% of students appeared for the board exam as opposed to 10% last year. Candidates who wish to apply for verification of marks can do so within 21 days of the results. Those who wish to apply for improvement of performance can do so before June 22 without a late fee. The tentative date of this examination is July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374098", "title": "'Working to make wines at cheaper rates'", "text": "NASHIK: The All India Wine Producers' Association has proposed setting up of Wine Chowpatty, a wine and food plaza, at some locations in the state and has submitted its proposal to the state government. Jagdish Holkar, chairman of Indian Grape Processing Board and president of AIWPA, said the idea was to promote wine and dine culture in the state.If the government gives its approval, the first Wine Chowpatty in the country is likely to be set up along near Godavari Wine Park at Vinchur.\"Our aim is that wine should be easily made available to consumers and Wine Chowpatty is part of this. We are also working on making wine available at cheaper rates. Presently, Indian wineries are making premium wine only and we have still not learnt to make a wine that will be cheaper than the country-made liquor. But it will soon be a reality in the next few years, as we are working on the model,\" Holkar said.Today, Nashik has emerged as wine capital of India. Of the country's total 92 wineries, Maharashtra's share is 74. As many as 36 wineries are in Nashik, 12 in Pune, 13 in Sangli, 5 in Solapur, 4 in Usmanabad, 3 in Buldhana and one in Latur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13382631", "title": "Lily Allen most popular choice for 'X Factor' job", "text": "Adele, Lily Allen and Katy Perry are in contention for taking Kelly Rowland's spot on 'The X Factor'.However, the Twitter poll suggested that the most popular lady for the X Factor job is Lily Allen - who will be straight talking, great with new talent, super stylish and strong enough to hold her own, the Mirror reported.Another candidate who is in the running for the job is Adele , with people thinking that her personality and talent is too good to ignore for the role.People are even keen on seeing Katy Perry as the fourth judge. But with another album on the way and her former husband Russell Brand currently in London , the US star may not be up for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13383881", "title": "Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's fortune down $2.1bn", "text": "NEW YORK: Mark Zuckerberg's fortune dropped $2.1 billion as shares of Facebook Inc, the world's largest social-networking company, fell below the company's $38 offer price in its second day of trading. The shares sank 11 per cent to $34.03 at the close in New York . Zuckerberg is worth $17.3 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. \"If you went out and spent on Friday, you're not canceling the order for the Lamborghini just yet,\" Martin Pyykkonen, an analyst with Wedge Partners in Greenwood Village, Colorado, said in a phone interview. \"For the most part, those with a substantial stake still have plenty of value.\" Facebook raised $16 billion in an initial public offering, selling 421.2 million shares for $38 each on May 17. It was the biggest technology IPO in history. The stock was little changed at $38.23 at the close of May 18. The IPO suffered from trading glitches on its first day. Nasdaq OMX Group Inc Greifeld said a \"poor design\" in software driving auctions for IPOs caused issues with Facebook's first trading day. Moskovitz, Saverin Dustin Moskovitz, 27, who started Facebook with Zuckerberg from their dorm room at Harvard University , owns 133.7 million shares of the company's Class B stock worth $4.55 billion, down $560 million during the day. Eduardo Saverin, 30, has a $1.8 billion stake, down $220 million since Friday's close. According to a regulatory filing dated May 17, he owns 53.1 million shares of the company. Sean Parker owns 66 million Facebook shares valued at $2.2 billion. The 32-year-old persuaded Zuckerberg to move to California to focus on the company full time in 2004. Facebook's chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg , 42, who was lured from Google in 2008, owns 27 million shares, including 25 million restricted stock units that have vested. They are valued at $920 million. She also owns millions of unvested units not counted in her net worth calculation. Co-founder Christopher Hughes , 28, who was a billionaire when the company began trading May 18, now commands a nine- figure fortune. He owns about 22 million shares of Facebook, according to a person familiar with his holdings who asked not to be named because the matter is private. His stake is worth $750 million. Hughes, who bought the Washington, DC-based magazine the New Republic in March 2012 for less than $5 million, has more than $100 million in cash and real estate after selling some of his Facebook hoard, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13366286", "title": "Liquor reforms without revenue loss mooted", "text": "HYDERABAD: The cabinet sub-committee considering the new liquor policy held its first sitting on Monday but could not arrive at a conclusion on the question of opting for a fixed-pricing system over the auction process for liquor licenses. The sub-committee will meet again on May 26 to deliberate further on the draft policy. The two-yearly liquor licences, issued as per the existing policy, are to expire on June 30 and the new policy is slated to be in place on July 1.The draft committee has proposed what amounts to a paradigm shift for the liquor business in the state with proposals including the one which prescribes draw of lots for awarding licenses after abandoning the auction process. A source in the government said that bringing in reforms which would ensure zero loss of revenue was the main challenge facing the sub-committee. The proposed shift is aiming at curbing irregularities in liquor sales such as MRP violation.The auctioning held in 2010 had witnessed fierce bidding resulting in exorbitant licence fees, something that is being seen as the main cause behind MRP violations wherein dealers sold liquor at prices above maximum retail price in a bid to recover their investment. It is the revenue generation aspect which has emerged as the main focus point for the sub-committee which is made up of ministers Mopidevi Venkataramana, Anam Ramanarayana Reddy, Sabita Indra Reddy, Sridhar Babu and C Ramachandriah.\"There are many issues to be discussed and there will be some more sittings (of the sub-committee) before the policy is finally readied. We need to take the concerns of all stakeholders and also seek the opinion of our cabinet colleagues. All I can say is that an effective liquor policy is in the making,\" said a minister who attended the meeting.With 6,596 licenses having been auctioned last time, over Rs 7,000 crore in revenues was collected. That figure is more than half the annual revenue that hovered around at Rs 13,000 crore for the financial year 2011-12.The license fees ranged between Rs 10 lakh and Rs 7 crore. While an outlet at a village in Srikakulam had to pay Rs 10 lakh, a dealer in Guntur had to cough up Rs 7 crore with the average fee coming to Rs 1 crore.Now, with the draft policy proposing a fixed license fee, the revenue from it is expected to come down. As per the proposal, the license fee is to be fixed at Rs 32 lakh in a town with population below 50,000, which is the minimum. For a city with population above 20 lakh, which is the maximum, the fee has been fixed at Rs 1.25 crore. As the average fee is expected to fall below Rs 50 lakh, revenue collection is expected to come down by more than 50%.While the government is not looking at increasing the number of shops, the main stress will be on increasing the sales volume in order to ensure revenue growth, according to an official in the excise department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13370056", "title": "Molestation suspect arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Lonavla city police on Monday arrested Vitthal Dashrath Raut (39), a head constable attached to the police training school in Khandala, for allegedly molesting a trainee police recruit. Raut was produced before the Vadgaon Maval court on Monday afternoon and released on bail after he was remanded to magisterial custody.The Lonavla police on Sunday booked Raut under section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) of the Indian Penal Code after the victim made a complaint against Raut to the principal of the police training school. After recording her statements, the principal wrote a letter to the Lonavla city police station to register the case against Raut.Inspector Vishnu Pawar of the Lonavla police station told TOI: \"We arrested Raut on Monday morning. He was produced before the court in the afternoon. He was released on the bail after he was remanded to magisterial custody. We will conduct thorough investigations in the case.\"An official from the Pune rural police said the order of departmental inquiry against Raut has already been issued.Meanwhile, Shiv Sena MLA Neelam Gorhe on Monday visited the police training school at Khandala and Lonavla police station and demanded stringent action against Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368566", "title": "300 beggars pin hopes on unique identification number", "text": "BANGALORE: Beggars may not have a home at all or not get back home even if they have one or return to begging again, but they're among the first to get Aadhaar identity cards based on what they recall 'home.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda on Monday became the first CM in the country to bring Nandan Nilekani's unique identification project to homeless beggars at the Beggars' Rehabilitation Centre.Gowda, who inaugurated the centre which now claims upgraded services for beggars compared to pathetic conditions a year go, distributed cards to nine beggars. In all, Aadhaar cards have been issued to 300-odd beggars. Officials said every person had a right to identity and facilities accruing from that and beggars as legitimate citizens deserved it. Based on the card, they're entitled to necessities which will be distributed on the basis of Below Poverty Line definition. Whether UID will bring them facilities remains to be seen. They received the cards much before hundreds of other citizens, following an initiative of social welfare department officials.The CM said: \"I get a sense of satisfaction when I see this transformed beggars centre. A year ago, there were deaths, but now we're talking of better hygiene, food, dormitories, a library, a laundry, tele-medicine access, CCTV system, etc. People can consult doctors at Vani Vilas and Bowring Hospitals. Ultimately, I hope all of you will go back to your families.\"He also gave away employment cards to 25 beggars hired for poultry work. \"We hope to engage beggars in productive, economic activity. We'll work towards a beggar-free city and state,\" he promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368265", "title": "State wants crime branch to probe woman's abortion death", "text": "MUMBAI: To underline its seriousness in checking female feoticide in Maharashtra, the state government wants to rope in the crime branch to probe an abortion-related death in Beed district on May 18.\"Public health minister Suresh Shetty has asked for a letter to be written to the home department seeking its help in probing the Beed case,\" said a health department official.Sources said Beed resident Vijayamala Patekar had learned, through a sonography test, that she was carrying a girl. Subsequently, she got admitted to a hospital managed by Dr Sudam Munde and Dr Saraswati Munde. \"The victim had four daughters and didn't want a fifth so she decided to go in for an abortion. She died during the operation,\" the official added.\"Prima facie, the report indicates that the licence of the Mundes' clinic was cancelled. Despite this, the doctor carried out the abortion in his clinic,\" the official said.According to the latest census, Maharashtra's child sex ratio is 833 girls per 1,000 boys as against 913 per 1,000 boys in 2001. Beed district is the worst affected-894 girls in 2001 as against 801 in 2011. In 2011, the national ratio stood at 914 girls per 1,000 boys.It is learnt that Shetty is upset with the police for booking the erring doctors under Section 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) of the IPC, which is bailable. \"The minister is of the opinion that the police should have booked them under the more stringent Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act and Rules,\" the official said.This is not the first time that the Mundes' clinic is in controversy. There have been allegations that they conducted sex-determination tests.The government's insistence on a crime branch probe stems from the fact that the incident occurred in Beed, which has the least child sex ratio- 801 girls per 1,000 boys.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13370124", "title": "Congress accuses BJP of pressurizing Raymond", "text": "PANAJI: Congress party on Monday accused Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) of using pressure tactics on Congress candidate Raymond D'Sa to withdraw his nomination for contesting the Cortalim byelection and condemned the act.Speaking to TOI Goa Pradesh Congress Committee (GPCC) president Subhash Shirodkar said, \"It is a blot on democracy, pressure tactics of BJP making the candidates to run away from the field are really undemocratic and Congress party condemns the act of people from the ruling side.\"Congress party has also expelled Raymond from the party after he withdrew is nomination. \"Raymond D'Sa has been expelled from the party from hobnobbing with people from BJP and not consulting Congress party before withdrawal,\" said Shirodkar.He also said that Raymond's decision of withdrawing candidature is a cowardly actCongress high command has instituted a high level committee under the leadership of Shirodkar, leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane, Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco to go into the entire episode and submit a report within a week's time and also to initiate action against those who are involved within the party.Shirodkar said that although during the last three-four days Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho was not there, he had expressed his support. Even if he was not there, does it mean he (Raymond) can withdraw his candidature? he asked.Speaking to media persons, Mauvin Godinho has said that he had refused to become Congress campaign manager for the Cortalim elections as some Congressmen wanted to topple the BJP government by winning the Cortalim seat as they were scared of mistakes they committed during the last tenure. \"I don't want to be party to this,\" he said.Godinho said, \"Some people think that by winning one more seat they would be numerically stronger and could topple the government. We don't want any toppling of the government, we want a stable government for the sake of Goa, we have been chosen by the people of Goa to be in the opposition, we should play a constructive role as opposition party.\"He also said that considering the ground realities in Cortalim constituency it wouldn't make sense for anybody to contest and win the seat.Mauvin also said, \"Congress has now realized how important I am to win a poll as in the last election, in the middle of the campaign, I was relieved from the post of chief election campaign manager.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370689", "title": "40-yr-old man kills self in Jankipuram", "text": "LUCKNOW: A 40-year-old man was found hanging in mysterious circumstances from the ceiling of his house at Sector J, Jankipuram under Gudamba police station area on Monday evening. The man was later identified as Sanjay Sharma.According to Sanjay's mother Vidyotama Sharma, she had gone on a pilgrimage while her daughter-in-law along with her two children had gone to her native place in Hardoi. Sanjay was the one who was living all alone in the house. On reaching the house on Monday, Vidhyotama knocked at the door, but found no answer. Perturbed, Vidhyotama then peeped inside the house from the window to find Sanjay hanging from the ceiling in the room.Vidhyotama informed the police which rushed to the spot and opened the room. Talking to TOI, circle officer Ghazipur Vishal Pandey said that prima-facie it looks to be a case of suicide, as the doors were locked from inside. However, no suicide note had been found, he confirmed and added that the exact cause of Sanjay taking the extreme step could not be ascertained.Since Sanjay's wife has still not come back from Hardoi, the police said that any light on the reason behind Sanjay's step could only be thrown after talking to his wife.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13375044", "title": "Lax jail system in Kannur annoys home minister", "text": "KANNUR: In a move that is likely to end the lax system prevalent in the Kannur Central Jail, the state government has decided to put in place a video-conferencing facility inside the jail to conduct trials. An amount of Rs 1 crore has been sanctioned for this purpose.Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan who visited the jail on Monday was apparently miffed when he saw images including photos and posters of political leaders on the prison walls inside the eight block of the jail, where most of the CPM prisoners are lodged.\"Action will be taken to remove the photos,\" he said at a press meet in Kannur. The minister also questioned the jail officials as to why no cctvs were installed in the block.Drawing a parallel between Poojapura Central Jail in the state capital and the one in Kannur he said the jail in Thiruvananthapuram was far better and civilized.\"There prisoners earn good money preparing food and marketing them,\" he said. Unhappy with the system in Kannur jail he said that the life behind the bars should be like life outside. \"Prisoners are not supposed to enjoy ultimate freedom in jail.After all, they are brought there after the court punished them for their crime,\" he said. He added that a meeting of jail officials will be convened soon to discuss the issue.He said that the mobile jammers in Kannur jail are not working because the cellphone service providers have changed their frequencies. \"This helps the prisoners to use cellphones which are b ing sneaked into the prison,\" he said.The minister noted that the change in frequencies by service providers is an issue of national security. \"The government will check if the frequencies were changed by the company or the local operators. The legal aspects of blacklisting such service providers will also be explored,\" he said. Intelligence ADGP T P Senkumar, Kannur SP Rahul R Nair, jail superintendent Sivadas T and other officials accompanied the minister.The home minister also reviewed the passing out parade of 52 jail staff from the regional training centre of State Institute for Correctional Administration (SICA).At the function he said the government is planning to start canteen facility for jail staff.Jail ADGP Alexander Jacob could not attend the function as vehicle he was travelling in overturned near the government guesthouse. Jacob has suffered minor injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13367314", "title": "Watermelon crop ruined by virus", "text": "MUMBAI: Watermelon farmers in Vasai who were expecting a bumper crop got a rude shock recently. Farms spread over 30 acres near Rangaon beach in Vasai have been infected by a virus.The 70-odd watermelon farmers in the area are now worried about the virus, 'Bondya' which is spreading rapidly. The virus turns the fruit yellow and causes it to rot. \"We had a good crop this season. Just a few days back, we noticed the fruits were changing colour. That is when we realized a virus had struck,\" said a farmer, Deepak Maher.All the farmers in the region began complaining about the disease, but were unable to save their fruit. Officials from the state agricultural department visited Rangaon and collected samples of the fruit.The farmers usually sell their watermelons in Mumbai, Thane and Raigad district. Each farmer invests around Rs 50,000 for cultivation. \"We haven't seen a microbial attack in all these years,\" said a farmer, wondering what could have caused the infection. The farmers have also written to the state agriculture department asking for compensate. \"Farming is our source of livelihood. We have suffered heavy losses,\" said Maher.The farmers wrote to the state agriculture department asking for compensation for their losses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13378471", "title": "Smoking case: Rajasthan police off to Mumbai to summon Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "JAIPUR: Nearly three weeks after a court took note of a complaint against actor Shah Rukh Khan for smoking in public, a Jaipur cop left for Mumbai on Monday to serve summons on him. SRK was caught smoking on camera during an IPL match at the Sawai Man Singh Stadium.The court had asked the actor to be present for hearing on May 26. \"A policeman has left for his bungalow, Mannat, to deliver the summons,\" said a police officer, Mohar Singh.The complainant, Anand Singh Rathore, had moved court on April 9, a day after the IPL match. Rathore is the director of a private cricket academy in Jaipur. He alleged that despite a ban on smoking in public, the actor, co-owner of Kolkata Knight Riders , puffed away in front of thousands of cricket fans.Rathore's lawyer, Nem Singh, said the summons was sent to the police on the court's order on April 26. \"Police delayed serving of the summons,\" said Singh. The lawyer said the court took cognizance under various sections of Rajasthan Prohibition of Smoking and Non Smokers' Health Protection Act, 2000.Singh said that if Khan fails to appear on May 26 or give a reason for his absence, the court may summon him with a bailable arrest warrant. \"The actor will have to be personally present in court. So far, no lawyer representing Shah Rukh has contacted either me or my client,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13373118", "title": "Rs 1,000-crore water supply boost to south Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Waking up to water scarcity may soon become a thing of the past in south Kolkata, with the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) taking up a massive augmentation programme.The Rs 1,000-crore initiative has been planned under the second phase of Kolkata Environment Improvement Project (KEIP), to be funded by the Asian Development Bank . This scheme has been planned after the ADB officials responded to the civic body's appeal to include water augmentation project under the KEIP second phase.Under this project, the KMC water supply department is supposed to overhaul the distribution system. In a separate project, to be funded by KMC from its revenue fund, a new treatment unit will come up at the existing site of Garden Reach water treatment plant. However, the ADB top brass at Manila wanted the civic body to go for overhaul of the distribution system. Accordingly, mayor Sovan Chatterjee and the municipal commissioner Arnab Roy, on Monday, held a meeting with the KEIP project director Sushit Biswas and a team of officials to discuss the plan for the distribution overhaul.Chatterjee said that large areas of south Kolkata, including Kalighat, Bhowanipore, Alipore, Tollygunge, Jadavpur and Kasba will be benefited from the augmentation scheme to be adopted under the second phase of the KEIP scheme.According to a KMC water supply department official, the civic body needs to take up the overhaul of the water supply main pipes in south Kolkata, mainly in areas like Bhowanipore, Kalighat, Alipore, Rashbehari Avenue, Ballygunge and others. \"People living in these areas often do not get sufficient potable water due to frequent leakages in the pipelines. Now, we want to refurbish those pipelines to arrest leakages so that more water reaches these areas,\" a KMC official said.Besides, the civic body needs to set up several water booster pumping stations across south Kolkata to ensure that water from Garden Reach reaches to far flung areas on the southern fringes such as Bansdroni, Garia, Jadavpur, Garfa and Kasba. \"We have to construct several water booster pumping stations in the far off areas in the south. While some of these have been chosen, some are being worked out,\" said a KMC water supply department official. However, an official maintained that unless the output goes up at the Garden Reach water treatment plant, the new overhaul scheme won't work. \"First, we need to take up the augmentation of the Garden Reach water treatment plant. Unless additional water is produced, there will be no use of the booster pumping stations,\" the KMC official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368677", "title": "CBSE results declared", "text": "MUMBAI: In a surprise move, the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) on Monday evening declared the Class X results for the Chennai region-which includes Maharashtra-on its website without any prior announcement. Schools as well as students, who were shocked at the sudden announcement, claimed that the board had never before declared results on an unannounced date.\"For years the CBSE board has been trying to minimise the hype around the Class X board exams, and by declaring the results like this it is attempting to send out a message to students that the exam is not the be all and end all of their academic life,\" said Avnita Bir, principal of Ramniranjan Podar School, Santacruz. Bir added that this was also the first time the board had announced results so discreetly, sending each school its results via email rather than announcing them on its website. Students, however, will have to log on the website for their grades; the schools have their numerical scores.The success rate of the Chennai region stands at 99.49 per cent, up from last year's 98.92 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13370303", "title": "Digitization of data on criminals to be completed within 2 months, says senior cop", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police have sped up efforts to compile a database of criminals and digitally link all police stations within its limits, for effective maintenance of law and order. The works are part of the Criminal and Crime Integration Technical Network and Systems (CCTNS) project which is expected to make the functioning of the department more transparent, effective, accountable and citizen-friendly.\"We are working on compiling historical data that covers the last ten years. Digitization of data has been going on in Coimbatore, Tiruvallur, Sivaganga and Ariyalur districts. Work will be completed within two months,\" said ADGP (Crime Records Bureau) Ashish Bengara.\"We are using the Common Integrated Police Record Update System ( CIPRUS ) software to digitize data. We are updating all cases under investigation, all disposal and petty cases, cases under the Arms Act, and narcotic cases,\" said Bengara.Digitization works have started in Chennai, Cuddalore and Vilupuram. \"By the end of July the works will be initiated in all districts in the state. During the second phase, all police stations will be equipped with finger print scanning infrastructure. The finger print of the accused will be scanned and uploaded on to the network. The system will be able to identify a match, should there be one,\" said Bengra.CCTNS is a project devised under the national e-governance plan of the Government of India. The project aims at creating a comprehensive and integrated system in the country. The union government hopes the infrastructure will make the investigation of crime and detection of criminals easier. The Tamil Nadu state police department had received Rs 103 crore from the Central government for the project, allocated during the 11th Five-Year plan to implement the programme.Coimbatore city police was selected for the pilot project which is expected to make policing more accountable. A team of police officials has been selected for the digitization works. \"We have completed the data digitizing works for Race Course and Kattoor police stations. All police stations have received computers and other infrastructure. Installation works will be completed within a month,\" said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Crime and Traffic) T Senthilkumar.According to a senior police officer, When CCTNS are fully implemented in the state, police stations will become paper-free to some extent. The data will be more accurate and there will be increased transparency in operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368754", "title": "Mahantesh murder case: Missing phone found, investigators say", "text": "BANGALORE: With the lone eyewitness to the murderous assault on deputy director co-operative audit SP Mahantesh still off the police radar, investigators appear to have all but dumped their initial claim in the FIR that four armed men attacked the official.Police now say that an eyewitness saw Mahantesh lying on Palace Road around 8.30pm on May 15 and told security guards of Hotel Atria across the road about a man lying on the ground. Guards rushed to the spot and found Mahantesh in a pool of blood beside his car.However, they're unable to say why Mahantesh got down from the car when it was raining cats and dogs.His mobile records show that he made the last call in the afternoon. The last call he received was in the evening from his family. There were no calls to or from unknown numbers.On Monday, police claimed they'd found Mahantesh's second mobile which had been missing but wouldn't disclose its location. He had hardly used this phone. The complaint about the attack was filed by his relative, Sachin, who later told police he got the version of events from his uncle, whose identity is not known. This man informed police that he was told about the scooterist-eyewitness by guards who found Mahantesh.Cops spike claims of officer's wifePolice investigators have raised doubts about the claims made by slain government audit officer Mahantesh's wife Poornima that he was attacked in January. Poornima said that two motorcyclists attacked the car in which Mahantesh was travelling on Bannerghatta Road. Sleuths said it was only an accident and Mahantesh's car had, in fact, hit a motorcycle. Police claimed a friend of Mahantesh was with him in the car that night.\"A batchmate told us that Mahantesh was a nervous person and an introvert. Following this accident, he may have been scared and his family could have interpreted it as a threat,\" sources explained.No compensation yetMahantesh was the only breadwinner of a family of six -- wife Poornima, daughters Raagini, 10, and Deepika, 8 and parents SB Puttannaiah and Vijayamma. His family now stares at an uncertain future. The only source of income is Puttaswamy's measly pension. The family is looking for financial help from the government or his department. However, there's no sign of that, at least not yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13372618", "title": "Northeast tourism to get a boost", "text": "GUWAHATI: The northeast is going to have an exclusive masterplan for tourism soon.The ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) has taken the up the initiative for this purpose with the ministry of tourism and respective state governments for implementation of the masterplan.The North Eastern Council (NEC), a nodal agency for economic and social development of northeastern states including Sikkim, has prepared a comprehensive masterplan in association with Tata Consultancy Services (TCS). The recommendations in the masterplan will be implemented in the ongoing 12th Five Year Plan period.Union DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar said here on Monday that TCS recently conducted a survey to explore the tourism potential of the northeast.Ghatowar said the findings of the survey were with his ministry.\"We are in touch with the ministry of tourism and respective state governments on how to go about exploiting the tourism potential of the northeast. We are also looking at exploring tourism circuits in the region,\" Ghatowar said on the sidelines of a programme on the 162nd birth anniversary of Anundoram Borooah, a Sanskrit scholar and the first Assamese to join the Indian Civil Services, here on Monday.The Union ministry of tourism's data showed that the northeast has registered a growth of 6.9% in the number of foreign tourists in recent years. The number of domestic tourist in the region too has shown a growth of 8.09% in 2010.Sustainable eco-tourism, cultural and religious tourism are the sectors that can be explored in the region.With the tourism sector all over the country showing signs of improvement, the demand for manpower is also increasing. Studies have shown that the tourism sector alone has the potential to generate at least two million jobs in the next 10 years.Ghatowar added that tourism is one area in the northeast which has the potential to create substantial employment generation for the youths of the region.As of now, Sikkim is the foremost in tourism among northeastern states. In fact, Sikkim's Rs 700-crore tourism industry has emerged as a role model for fledgling tourism sectors in other northeastern states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13365686", "title": "Now, smaller mining projects too need eco clearance from Centre", "text": "NAGPUR: Now even extracting minor minerals from an area of less than 5 hectare will need environment clearance from Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). This would apply to new leases as well as renewals.The MoEF on May 18 has issued directives to all the states against the backdrop of Supreme Court judgement in Deepak Kumar vs state of Haryana case. \"We order that leases of minor minerals including their renewal for an area of less than 5 hectares be granted by the states and union territories only after getting environmental clearance from MoEF,\" ruled Justice K S Radhakrishnan in that case. Accordingly, the new memorandum has been issued by the MoEF to all the states.In another development, now terms of reference for undertaking detailed environment impact assessment (EIA) study for projects will have to incorporate corporate environment responsibility (CER) and the MoEF will have to take this into account while granting environmental clearance.The EIA notification, 2006, requires mining projects, including new projects, expansion, modernization, or renewal of mine leases, with lease area of 5 hectare and above irrespective of major or minor mineral to obtain prior environment clearance. Mining projects with lease area of 5 hectares and above but less than 50 hectares are categorized as category 'B' whereas projects with lease area of 50 hectares and above are categorized as category 'A'. The category 'A' projects are to be given clearance by MoEF while category 'B' projects are considered by the respective state-level EIA authority.MoEF officials said in order to ensure compliance of Supreme Court order of February 27, 2012, it had now been decided that all mining projects of minor minerals irrespective of the size of the lease would henceforth require prior environment clearance. Mining projects with lease area up to less than 50 hectares would be treated as category 'B' as defined in the EIA Notification 2006.The MoEF has said that for permission on mining below 5 hectares, applications will be disposed of within 10 days from the date of receipt in accordance with the law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13385330", "title": "Akshay wishes ex-flame Shilpa over baby boy's birth", "text": "Bollywood actor Akshay Kumar, who once reportedly had an affair with actress Shilpa Shetty , expressed happiness over the birth of her son.\"It is a very good news. I hope everyone is healthy and happy and they remain so ever,\" Akshay told PTI.Shetty gave birth to a baby boy at Hinduja hospital in suburban Khar yesterday morning.Post his break-up with Raveena Tandon, Akshay reportedly was engaged to Shilpa, but things went sour between the two and they broke up. The relationship did not work out as Akshay reportedly wanted his life partner to quit acting and Shilpa was career-oriented.Following the break-up, Akshay married Twinkle Khanna in 2001 and has an 11-year old son Aarav. The couple is now expecting their second child.Shilpa tied knot with London-based businessman Raj Kundra in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13372933", "title": "Meghalaya HSSLC (Arts), SSLC results out", "text": "SHILLONG: The Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) examination results were declared by the Meghalaya Board of Secondary Education (MBoSE) on Monday. Partha Barman of St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong bagged the first position, followed by Anindita Das of St Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Linda Bessy Lyngdoh of Anderson Higher Secondary School, Nongstoin in the second and third positions respectively.In the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) examination (arts stream), Aibanskhem Nongspung of St Anthony's topped the list followed by Carinthia Balabet Nengnong of St Mary's College, Shillong in the second position. The third position went to Debadatta Purkayastha of St Anthony's again.According to the controller of examinations, S N Marak, the overall pass percentage in the SSLC exam was 50.56%; 82.63% of the regular male candidates numbering 7,934 cleared the papers. Of the total 9,333 female candidates, 79.75% passed the exam.A total of 19,688 (13,999 regular and 5,689 private) students were declared successful out of 38,942 (17,267 regular and 21,675 private) who appeared for the annual SSLC examination this year.A total of 16,446 students secured 1st division in six subjects while 3,242 students secured second division in five subjects. There was no list of 3rd division students.In the HSSLC (arts) results, girls outshone boys. While the overall pass percentage was 67.48, the number of successful regular female candidates was 5,556 (71.79%) and 62.02% of 6,113 boys cleared the examination.In the non-regular category, 3,307 female candidates came out successfully, taking the percentage to 22.32 while 21.27% of the total 3,367 males passed.The HSSLC pass percentage reflected improvement as this year it went up to 52.62 compared to 45.88 last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13379317", "title": "Sunil\u2019s New Movie is \u201cSambarala Rambabu\u201d?", "text": "Comedian turned hero Sunil would be essaying another comic role in the film titled 'Sambarala Rambabu' as per the latest buzz. This movie would be directed by Uday Shankar and produced by Daggubati Suresh Babu under Suresh Productions banner.Sunil, post the success of \"Poola Rangadu\", is a busy bee these days with multiple offers from big production houses, and is now teaming up with Uday Shankar (\"Kalisundam Ra\" fame). D Rama Naidu will be presenting the film while Mani Sharma is composing the music. 'Sambarala Rambabu' is touted to be an entertainer with Sunil's dance moves and trademark style of comedy as the USP. The female lead of the film is yet to be finalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368163", "title": "Mayor may get more powers", "text": "MUMBAI: In a move that will change the way the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and other civic bodies in Maharashtra function, the state government is actively considering a proposal that would significantly increase the mayor's control over municipal corporations.The state urban development (UD) department has proposed that instead of electing a member of the standing committee as its chairman, the mayor should be appointed as the ex-officio chairman of the committee.The standing committee controls the financial nerve of a civic body. All proposals and projects with financial implications need the standing committee's approval before being submitted to the civic general body. As head of the standing committee, its chairman is a power centre in the civic functioning.In its proposal, the UD department has argued that the existing set up has led to the emergence of multiple power centres in the civic body. \"The mayor heads the corporation but the standing committee chairman controls its purse strings. Such a system breeds corruption and inefficiency,\" a senior UD department official said.The UD department has now proposed amendments to the Mumbai Municipal Corporation Act, 1888, and other similar Acts, to appoint the mayor as the committee's ex-officio chairperson.The move, seen as an attempt by the Democratic Front government to ensure better control on corporations headed by Congress and NCP mayors, has special implications for the BMC, officials said. At Rs 26,581 crore, the BMC's budget is bigger than that of some smaller Indian states. If the government approves the move, the mayor, who currently enjoys a say in deciding a portion of the budget spend, will hold the key to it.\"In a contractor-driven set up, such a move would mean a significant increase in the mayor's clout,\" said an official.The UD department's proposal has been endorsed by the law and judiciary department. It has now been placed before deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar. Following his approval, a formal nod from chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, who has seen the proposal, would be sought. Following this, the proposal will be placed before the state cabinet.The UD department has argued that a similar model has already been adopted in municipal councils and zilla parishads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13372801", "title": "RBI asks Indian Institute of Bank Management to create pool of banking personnel", "text": "GUWAHATI: Expressing concern over the high rate of attrition in the banking industry, Sandip Ghose, the chief general manager-in-charge of the human resource management department at RBI's central office, Mumbai, asked the Indian Institute of Bank Management (IIBM) here to create a pool of dedicated banking personnel in the region.Ghose, who was attending the annual advisory council meeting of IIBM, said that the training institute can play a major role in training and development of banking personnel for the northeastern region.The training Institute can also play a role in inculcating a high morale, motivation and loyalty among the young generation of people in the banking industry, he said.\"The institute is planning to start a post-graduate diploma course in banking and finance in a very short time,\" said C C Mitra, IIBM director. \"The institute has conducted a total of 81 training programmes in the year 2011-12 and has trained 2,091 banking personnel already,\" Mitra added.The training programme includes SME financing, agri-credit and agri-business, credit risk management, cash and currency chest management, investment banking, audit and inspection, micro-finance and financial inclusion, corporate governance, management development programmes, etc.\"Collaborative programmes were also conducted with the College of Agricultural Banking, Pune. A sub-centre for micro-finance research has been functioning at the institute supported by BIRD, Lucknow to help the people of the region,\" said N K Deka, administrative officer, IIBM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13373135", "title": "Fit-again Yuvraj Walmiki leaves for Malaysia", "text": "MUMBAI: Sure, India's hockey team rounded off its Olympic qualifying tournament successfully, but in the process lost one of its key players, Yuvraj Walmiki, to injury. The promising 22-year-old by then had established himself as an important component in chief coach Michael Nobbs' scheme of things.Walmiki, who was diagnosed with a grade II hamstring injury and had to sit out rest of the qualifiers, has successfully completed his post-injury rehab and will now join the team which is going to participate in the Sultan Azlan Shah tournament in Malaysia.\"Missing out on the qualifiers was extremely frustrating,\" Walmiki said after watching Mumbai trounce Goa 18-1 in the West Zone segment of the IHF-conducted senior men's national hockey tournament here.The Indian hockey team is already in Malaysia but because Walmiki had to undergo a fitness test and get a clearing from physio David John, his visa process got delayed. He left to join the India team on Monday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ulhasnagar", "code": "13367435", "title": "Ulhasnagar mayor logs in latecomers", "text": "ULHASNAGAR: A surprise check by Ulhasnagar Municipal Corporation (UMC) mayor Asha Idnani at the municipal corporation headquarters revealed that 40% employees had not reached office on Monday morning.The mayor wanted to test the punctuality and attendance of civic staffers. At 10.30am, she directed security guards to close the main gate and then inspected all the departments. Around 11.15am, she finally opened the gate and allowed employees in with a warning.Idnani said, \"I received numerous complaints about the issue, so I decided to conduct a surprise check.\" The mayor also ordered civic officials to install a board outside their cabins about their schedules. Civic sources said that even UMC commissioner Ashok Rankhambh frequently arrives late to work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13372082", "title": "Chief minister, speaker drop in to wish ISC topper Kalyani", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Gautham U, the 10-year-old cousin of Kalyani Vishnu, the national topper in this year's ISC exam, was in a state of awe by the turnout of VVIPs on his house. Kalyani, who was just back home from a felicitation function held at her school, was delighted to learn from the ward councillor that the chief minister was scheduled to visit their house on Monday afternoon.Oommen Chandy who was accompanied by health minister V S Sivakumar arrived at Kalyani's residence with a bouquet and warm wishes for the topper. After congratulating Kalyani, the chief minister inquired about her future plans. \"I want to be an engineer,\" pat came the reply and Chandy wished her all the best in realizing her dream.A few minutes later, it was the turn of speaker G Kathikeyan to visit the residence of Kalayani near Pallimukku. The speaker gifted Kalyani a Malayalam dictionary, published by the State Institute of Languages, and a pen as a mark of appreciation. The speaker also gave his best wishes for her future endeavours. After having a long chat with Kalyani and her parents, Karthikeyan told her that he wished to come back to her house again and that she should make such opportunities in future too.\"Her hard work has paid off,\" said T P Vishnu, Kalyni's father. \"I would say it is God's grace that I have had the privilege of having the chief minister and other VIPs as my guest. I dedicate all this success to my school, teachers, my parents and all my well-wishers,\" said Kalyani.The shelf in the drawing room of her house was full of trophies and mementos she received as prizes in various competitions.Kalyani and parents were also thankful to the TOI for bringing them the good news first. \"Though we knew about the 99.25% mark she had scored, we were not sure whether she was the national topper until we got the confirmation from the TOI,\" said Vishnu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368549", "title": "Woman on phone falls off train, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A 22-year-old woman died after she fell off a speeding train while speaking on her cellphone, and was crushed by a train coming from the opposite direction between Borivli and Kandivli stations on Monday morning.Neelam Pawar, a resident of Virar who was employed with an IT firm in Andheri, was on the footboard of the crowded Churchgate-bound local when she fell off.Commuters told the Government Railway Police (GRP) that Neelam received a call and had extricated her cellphone from her bag. She lost her footing and fell off while on the call. A Virar-bound fast train from Churchgate crushed her.The Virar-bound train motorman informed the station master at Kandivli station, who alerted the Borivli GRP. \"Neelam was taken to Bhagwati Hospital, where she was declared dead on arrival. After recording the motorman's statement, it was clear it was an accident,\" a senior GRP official said.Neelam's family has been informed about the incident and her body will be handed over to them, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13370211", "title": "Golden jubilee council wants curbs on mining", "text": "PANAJI: Almost 50% of all ongoing mining activity in the state will face closure if the government acts on the draft report prepared by the Goa Golden Jubilee Development Council (GGJDC).\"Close all mines that have been extracting ore beyond limits allowed by environmental clearance given. Close all mines, if any, operating within sanctuaries and protected areas and cancel leases in ecological sensitive zones as proposed by the (Gadgil) panel,\" the zero draft report, a copy of which is with TOI, says.The report also mentions that mining leases in wildlife sanctuaries be permanently cancelled and those in buffer zones of dams be terminated.GGJDC also recommends \"a cap on mining at around 20 MMT (exclusive of dump mining) between 2010-2015 to reduce the ecosystem and social stress in the region (stress existed at 17 MMT in 1996).\"GGJDC further suggested a regulatory policy to stop overloading of trucks and barges involved in ore transportation, while making it mandatory that tarpaulin covers be used by barges and trucks.\"Mining companies need to formulate a 'no-overloading' policy and ensure that it is adhered to by each of the trucks/barges working for them,\" the zero draft report says. It adds, \"Speed limits to be imposed and enforced; transgressors to be penalized and licences withheld, companies to be responsible for clean up of incremental pollution over and above what government does for the taxes that it charges on road and barges.\"The council also said mining companies need to keep the ten-ton limit for trucks in mind while calculating transportation rates.It suggests that Goa minerals foundation work out a plan to invest in the region to provide common facilities that could include skilling, water, educational and health facilities, in partnership with panchayats and the government. It also suggests that mining companies may invest in micro plans for affected villages. The council commended the budget 2011 proposal to share royalty with mining villages.Currently Goa State Pollution Control Board is inquiring into the alleged involvement of 48 mines in extracting iron ore beyond permissible limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367292", "title": "St Stephen\u2019s College begins sale of online admission forms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kicking off its admission process, St Stephen's College began the sale of online application forms on Monday. Over-the-counter forms, however, will be available from June 4, along with forms of other Delhi University colleges.The college has fixed the online registration fee at Rs 50 per course so that more students opt for the online facility. The printed forms are priced at Rs 250 each.Dr Karen Gabriel, media adviser, St Stephen's, said \"The college is committed to conserve the environment. In order to minimize the use of paper, we are encouraging students to apply online. That's why the fee has been kept so low.\" In 2011, the college had received over 21,000 applications - 4,800 online applications, 550 downloaded applications and more than 16,000 forms submitted over the counter.As many as 420 seats are up for grabs at St Stephen's. Sticking to its 2011-12 admission policy, the college will not consider Class X scores. The merit differential between reserved and general categories still stands at a maximum of 15%. Final admissions will be based on an interview - holding a 15% weightage - and Class XII marks which have a weightage of 85%.Meanwhile, cutoffs for different courses will be declared in the third week of June. Last year, cutoffs shot up by 0.50% to 5% for nine of the 11 undergraduate courses. There was a significant jump in cutoffs for humanities students aspiring for mathematics (H). History (H) too had witnessed an increase of 3.5% in the cutoff followed by BA programme .Last year, economics (H) and English (H) were still the most sought-after courses with a cutoff range from 96.5% to 97.5% and 94.4% to 97% respectively. Cutoffs were increased for four science courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13375345", "title": "Modi eyes 12 lakh labourers", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Targeting 12 lakh construction workers in an election year, chief minister Narendra Modi on Monday held a high-level meeting of senior officials of finance and labour departments to work out schemes for their welfare, wondering why nothing had been worked for them so far despite clear cut legal provisions. Officials at the meeting said, Modi instructed them to take \"full advantage\" of the 1 per cent cess being charged on the cost of any construction activity and use it for their welfare in a big way. He wanted the labour department officials to immediately work towards identifying 5 lakh construction workers who could take advantage of the cess money.Modi also instructed officials from other government departments present on the occasion - especially, Narmada, irrigation and water supply, roads and buildings, energy and petrochemicals - to ensure that the 1 per cent cess was collected from the contractors employed on different projects implemented under them. He told state labour department officials that they should work out schemes related with health, family welfare, nutrition, housing, education, women and child welfare urgently and get financial approval from the finance department to initiate them.Under the law, while Gujarat government is obliged to collect 1 per cent cess from builders and contractors, the amount has to be deposited to the state-controlled Gujarat Building and Other Construction Workers' Welfare Board. If the Centre came up with an act to charge 1 per cent cess and set up a welfare board for construction workers, with powers to use the amount after registering workers, the state government moved to set up the board in 2004 and started charging cess 2005-06 onwards.Till financial year 2010-11, the state government collected Rs 339.76 crore. A senior official said, \"We estimate that, as of today, the total amount collected as cess would be at least Rs 500 crore. Most of the amount is lying in the coffers, unused.\" Information with TOI suggests that just Rs 2.08 crore of this amount could be used for the welfare of 9,619 workers. Of this, most of it (Rs 1.97 crore) was spent in the name of helping 9,536 construction workers with educational facilities.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) indicted the state government for two years continuously - in its 2009-10 and 2010-11 reports -failed do anything for the \"welfare of building and other construction workers who are the most vulnerable segment of the unorganized labour sector\". CAG said, while the government \"collected\" labour cess of Rs 339.76 crore between 2005-06 and 2010-11, \"no part of the receipts was transferred to the welfare board for spending on social security schemes meant for building and other construction workers.\"State labour department officials cite the Central Act's provision that only those workers who work for three months could be registered as a hindrance. \"Builders and contractors wouldn't certify\", a senior official said, adding, \"In between, efforts were made to involve trade unions in registering the workers, but this too failed.\" Insiders, said, district labour officers have \"enough powers\" to register these workers, yet they do not do it because of \"sheer inertia\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13370545", "title": "Four held for assaulting man over friend's affair", "text": "MANDYA: Four miscreants allegedly kidnapped a youth, and assaulted him because they wanted more details from him of his friend's affair. The four have been arrested.Irfan Pasha, 22, a resident of Nagamangala town lodged a police complaint that Naaz, Umraz, Tabarez and Nur kidnapped him on May 16.They took him to Devalapura forest and asked him for details of his friend Mudasir's affair. When Pasha refused to part with the details, they stripped him of his clothes and tortured him, police said. They then burnt his clothes so that he could not escape.When they threatened Pasha with dire consequences, he gave them the details they wanted.However, before they left him they smashed his mobile and photographed him in the nude on their cellphones and threatened him with death if he filed a police complaint.A traumatized Pasha was forced to wait for night to fall before he could go in search of help. He trekked home for 10 km without a stitch of clothing.He told his father and uncle, Navaz, who is a town municipal councillor. They lodged a complaint with Nagamnagala rural police on Sunday.SI Vinay told TOI that he has seized the cellphones of the four accused and has deleted the photographs taken by the trio of Pasha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13368686", "title": "Cops yet to identify body of 26-yr-old woman", "text": "GURGAON: Three days after the body of a 26-year-old woman was found on the Faridabad Road on Friday night, police have not yet been able to establish its identity.Pradeep, Investigating Officer, Sector 56 police station, said \"We are still investigating to establish the identity of the woman's body.\"According to the postmortem report, the unidentified woman had died around midnight after being repeatedly hit on the head and neck by a sharp object. The police suspect that the woman was killed elsewhere and her body dumped on the road.The woman was two months pregnant and was wearing a t-shirt and jeans when she was killed. However, according to the police, \"there is no evidence of her being married\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366948", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation tenders irrigating corruption", "text": "NAGPUR: Just a few decimals below 5% - this seems to be the magic markup figure for tender bids to bag irrigation contracts in the state. Even as overpricing of irrigation projects has become a contentious issue within the state government, documents secured through RTI reveal this suspicious practice in approving tenders of Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC).Strangely, tenders valued over a wide range and for many different projects have all been passed with a markup of little below 5% of the estimated price. In some cases, the markup accepted is even 4.98%, but never above 5%.However, this 'coincidence' is actually a smart move to beat the system, reveal some contractors.It is normal for bids to be above the estimate price set by the agency inviting tenders. In VIDC, various officials are authorized to pass tenders quoted at a certain percentage above the benchmark estimate. At the top level, the executive director (ED) has the power to pass any tender, irrespective of cost, as long as it is not more than 5% above the estimate.Bids beyond this level have to be kept before the governing body, which includes a secretary from the finance and planning department. There are chances of the tenders facing further scrutiny before the governing body, say contractors.So, it has become a practice to peg the cost slightly below 105% of the estimate price, and get it passed conveniently from the ED's office.There are, though, some tenders approved at markups of 12 to 14% of the estimated price approved by the governing body.TOI has RTI documents regarding tenders passed in 2008 and 2009, with signatures of then ED Devendra Shirke recommending the tender and a counter sign of Ajit Pawar, who was the irrigation minister at that time. In most of these tenders, the bids are just below 5% markup from the estimated price.\"Costs do go up, but not at the same rate, since the prices of all materials cannot increase at the same level at any given point of time. But strangely, in VIDC, the contracts have been carefully passed in a fixed range of 4.90% and above,\" said a contractor on condition of anonymity.Present irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare said he would not be able to comment till he saw the documents and studied each case in detail. \"Bids go up due to changes in input costs, so it would be difficult to comment till each case is seen,\" he told TOI.However, there does not seem to be any other explanation for the contracts being passed in VIDC within a very narrow range of markup. There are only a few instances of a different rate, but even here the markup price is 4.7 to 4.6%.This clearly indicates that this 'system' is a move to avoid complications of referring the matter to the governing board, said the contractor. Moreover, what appears to be a hike of only 5% is not exactly so. In many cases, the markup is 5% above the revised estimated price, say contractors.Estimate price is a benchmark rate fixed by a government agency like VIDC, on the basis of the cost of raw materials and a reasonable margin of profit. It is normal to receive quotations above the estimate price, as profitability changes with the raw material price, which are often not updated in government manuals.When bids are way above the original estimate price, this benchmark is reset after negotiations with bidders. In VIDC, even the final bids have been found to be just below 5% markup on the new estimated price. So, the final rates are much higher than the original estimate price, say contractors.The practice of getting contracts approved at the ED's level after marking it up by around 4.9% was started during Pawar's regime, say contractors, after which political interference has increased in awarding irrigation works.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13373681", "title": "'We went to a birthday bash, not a rave party'", "text": "Police Say They Took No Chances In Raid On Juhu Hotel Even As Detained Actors, Models &amp; Cricketers Protest InnocenceThe models and television actors who were detained after t h e p o l i c e busted Sunday's Juhu rave have protested their innocence. Most have denied knowledge of the presence of drugs, saying it was simply a poolside birthday party.Designer Rocky S said he went to the venue to give birthday wishes to his friend Samantha Singh, a model. \"But the police came in and took us all to hospital for blood tests. I really don't know what they'll get from the tests.\"Actor Shilpa Saklani said she did not know if people at the party had taken drugs. Never theless, she was scared about the blood samples getting mixed up, which might land her in trouble. \"My blood sample was not labelled for nearly half an hour. When I requested them to do so, they behaved very rudely with me.\"Her husband Apurva Agnihotri said the couple were planning to go out for dinner, \"but since this invite was there, we decided to attend the party\". Shilpa said drugs were easily available at nightclubs or restaurants and there was no way to know \"which place is safe. Does it mean we should stop going out?\"A club owner from Bandra, who was among those detained, said, \"It was not a rave but a regular poolside party. I walked in and within 15 minutes the police raided the place and took us away.\"The invite to the event, Sunday with the Hippies, was posted by city-based music group Designer Hippies on Facebook and had hints that drugs would be served (see graphic). Bollywood actor Hazel Croney, one of the foreign nationals detained in the raid, said, \"I was invited by Deepesh Sharma (a member of Designer Hippies). I reached the party about 6.30pm and within half an hour 30 policemen arrived, rounded us up and started taking down our names. They searched the place and found drugs, but I really don't know how much. We were later bundled into a police van.\"Foreign nationals tried calling their embassies, as did I, but were told to follow police orders. Our concern was the kind of injection and stuff that may be used to take our blood samples. They took us to Bhabha and kept us waiting for hours. Then they took us to J J Hospital, where our samples were taken. I returned home only at 6am.\"A source said that among those detained is a drug peddler, who is a regular supplier to celebrities, including a top actor who has had a recent hit. He said drug consumption is rampant among celebrities. \"Some celebrities carry their own quota and there are others who buy from peddlers present at parties.\"Another source said celebrities do not have to attend a rave to get drugs. \"Alisters don't really attend such parties, especially those held at hotels. They party at home and often their suppliers are friends. A model-turned actor is a regular at parties. He also doubles as a supplier.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13369714", "title": "Four \u2018I-T officers\u2019 loot man of Rs 43L in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Four people posing as income tax officers conned a department store owner of 43 lakh at his house in Tiruvottiyur on Monday.Incidentally, I-T officials had raided the house last month. Around 7am, police said, four well-dressed men in an Innova came to the house when P Kanagaraj, 55, his wife Jaya and daughter Priya were present. They presented \"identity cards,\" told the family that they had been ordered to conduct a search and asked the residents to switch off their cell phones.They asked Kanagaraj to open the cupboard and collected the cash in it saying it was not accounted for. They didn't touch nearly 125 sovereigns of gold jewellery that was in the same cupboard. They told Kanagaraj that he could collect the money after submitting proper documents at the I-T office and left, police said.They gave him a phone number and asked him to call after he got the documents to account for the money they had taken.As soon as they left, Kanagaraj called the phone number but it remained unreachable. He then contacted the income tax office and was told that no search was ordered at his house. Kanagaraj searched for the four 'officers', but in vain.The family lodged a complaint with the Tiruvottiyur police. A team rushed there and collected some sets of fingerprints. A sniffer dog was pressed into service.A senior police officer said the mobile phone tower of the number given to Kanagaraj was traced to a place near Kannur in Kerala. \"We suspect the gang had given a random number. Someone aware of the presence of a large amount of cash in the house might have hatched the plan,\" he said. Based on the identity provided by the family members, police launched a manhunt for the gang.Kanagaraj, vice-president of the Ernavur Traders' Association, owned four shops in the locality and received nearly 40,000 a month in rent. His house was raided by I-T sleuths last month after he was found to have been involved in some money transactions.\"During the previous raid, Kanagaraj had told us that he pooled in money from chit fund deposits and pledged his daughter's jewellery for setting up a department store for his son,\" the officer said.Police cautioned people against such conmen and added they could check with I-T officials on 2833 8757 about any \"raids\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370757", "title": "Cops seek details of recovered SIM cards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Officials of the two companies, whose pre-activated SIM cards were found lying in a hand bag near DIG's bungalow on Sunday, have admitted before the police officials that pre-activation of the SIM cards was against the laid down guidelines. The two officials were summoned at circle officer Dinesh Yadav's office on Monday after the recovery of SIM cards in such a huge number created flutters.\"Since the number of SIM cards was huge, the officials of the two companies have sought at least 24 hours to come back with details,\" circle officer Dinesh Yadav said and added that police have sought from the companies officials, the guidelines laid down by either Telephone Regulatory Authority of India or from Department of telecommunication.The police have further sought information as to on which date the recovered SIM cards were activated by the companies and identity proofs of the persons that were used for the activation purpose. \"After a thorough investigation into the matter, responsibility of the company officials will be fixed,\" Yadav said and added name of the distributors on whose names these SIM cards were issued and the vendors where they finally might have reached have also been sought from the company officials.As per the initial investigation into the matter, the police have come to know that these SIM cards were to be used in Lucknow and other surrounding districts. The police now believe that it might be the handiwork of some gang who could be involved in selling such SIM cards at exorbitant prices. As many as 181 pre-activated SIM cards of two telecom companies were found lying in a handbag just in front of the gate number of 4 of a prominent mall in the vicinity of DIG's residence on Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368656", "title": "Excited slum kids ready for English medium", "text": "BANGALORE: Monday morning marked a new beginning for 12 children of Ambedkarnagar slum in Fraser Town. \"Unlike my elder brother, I will go to an English-medium school. My brother goes to a Kannada-medium institution,\" said 6-year-old Karthik, while his mother fills in the admission form. The slum housing 450 families is all set to go the RTE way, as many are gearing up for a new school experience.\"I have never been to a school. But I didn't want my children to suffer. So I admitted them in a nearby Kannada-medium government school. I couldn't send them to an English-medium institution as I found it difficult to pay tuition fee,\" said Pramila Kumar, mother of 6-year-old Dhanush, who will soon join a private school.Pramila, who works as a domestic help, said although education is free only till Class VIII, it is a boon for them. \"I had no plans to send Dhanush to school. I had no money to educate another child. But with this facility, even Dhanush will be able to study and that too in an English-medium school? I'm very happy,\" she said, while filling in the annual income column in the form. A meagre Rs 10,000. These slum dwellers, excited about their children, said they would drop the children daily to school on time. \"I have four children and three of them are going to a nearby Tamil-medium school. My monthly income is Rs 2,400 and this is the best I can afford. But I am very happy that my son will go to a private school. I will ensure that he reaches the institution daily on time,\" said Sumita Suresh, a mother.No awareness quotientDespite all excitement, there are still certain doubts in the air. In the absence of proper guidance by the education department, these construction workers are still under the impression that the Right to Education (RTE) Act might not be real. \"I still cannot believe that the government will pay for our children's education. Why is the government paying us? What if they later deny,\" asked M Deva, a parent at the slum.A school for me?While the RTE is paving a smooth way for those between 6 and 14 years of age, children over 14 years are disappointed.\"Is there a school for me where I can have free education?\" asked 16-year-old Seema, who is a dropout. \"I have studied till Class VIII. If there was some provision for children of my age group, I would have continued with my studies,\" said a visibly disappointed Seema.Three bold dreams are taking shape just beside the shabby railway track of Fraser Town. Dhanush, Karthik and Deepak, all 6 years old, are three of the 12 children from Ambedkarnagar slum, who will break the exclusivity of education enforced by private schools. Admission forms were filled on Monday morning and these young slum dwellers are all set to fly high.\"Happy!\" gushed Deepak, unable to articulate more. \"He is all excited about going to school ever since the day he was informed about this,\" laughed Sumita, Deepak's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13374605", "title": "Mobile shop raided, owner in custody", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The owner of a mobile shop was taken into custody on Monday in connection with the arrest of 10 migrant workers from Bangladesh last month.The owner was suspected to have issued mobile SIM cards to the migrant workers without following the norms, police said. He is being interrogated.The shop near Pulimoodu Junction was raided around 3pm and was shut down after the raid. It is learnt that they have not got hold of any proof for issuing SIM cards.During the examination of SIM cards used by the workers it was found that one SIM belonged to a person hailing from SH Mount in Kottayam town. Though the person was questioned, the police did not get details. It was after further investigation that the shop owner came under scanner.Meanwhile, the probe regarding the arrest of 10 migrant workers is progressing under crime detachment DySP Sunil Kumar. The arrest was made following information that one of the workers made continuous calls to Pakistan . He has been identified as A l Mamoon, who was among the migrant group which first reached Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13373025", "title": "Ajit Singh accepts Panjab University's prime minister chair offer", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With noted Cambridge economist Ajit Singh accepting Panjab University's offer to occupy the chair incepted in the name of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , the varsity has been saved from embarrassment. Incepted in 2009, the last time this chair was offered to Nobel laureate Amartya Sen, who turned it down. Learning lessons from the past, PU this time was more cautious and worked out a detailed plan of Ajit Singh's visit to the university in advance.Expected to visit university once a year for two months, Ajit would be interacting with students, faculty members, besides conducting short-term courses. Selected by a pnel chaired by former PU vice-chancellor R P Bambah, Ajit Singh is also a PU alumnus.\"These chairs are not like ordinary professorships.The purpose is to act like a catalyst in research and communicate with students through specialized lecture series,\" said Bambah.He added that deliberations were held both with PU vice-chancellor R C Sobti and Ajit Singh before offering him the chair. \"We had some rounds of discussions and worked out all modalities,\" he added.\"It will be a boon for students, teachers and the department,\" said Ashok Goyal, senate and syndicate member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13372676", "title": "Students' rally against girl's murder in Imphal", "text": "IMPHAL: Amid the agitation seeking justice for Loitam Richard and Okram Laaba, hundreds of students on Monday staged took out a rally in the Kanglatongbi area along National Highway 39 in Imphal West to denounce the alleged murder of a Nepali girl.Pushpa Basnet (16) of Tispari Nepali Basti in Imphal West was found dead at a foothill in Leikinthabi in Imphal West on Friday evening. A few hours after the news of the incident reached Kanglatongbi, . . It was withdrawn after chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh assured to take action against the culprits within three days.The total population of Gorkhalis in Manipur is around 50,000 and nearly 20,000 of them are concentrated in Kanglatongbi, its surrounding areas and Motbung, which is divided by Imphal West and Senapati districts.A Joint Action Committee (JAC) formed by the locals, including Meities and tribals against the incident, accused the deceased's boyfriend, Kh Ingo, for her death. The pressure group also suspects the hands of other culprits in the incident.Sources said there are no signs of rape or murder of the victim girl and that it is presumed that she took poison to end her life. Incidentally her boyfriend, who too consumed toxic substance, is under police custody. Students belonging to different schools located in and around Kangatongbi began the protest rally from Kangatongbi bazaar upto the complex of Presidency College at Motbung and returned to the starting point.\"Our agitation has been suspended after the chief minister assured us to wait for three days to take action against the culprits,\" said Kharga Tamang, the secretary of the pressure group. He added, \"We thought the crime was committed by two to three persons. We have asked the government to take action against all involved in Pushpa's murder. If the government fails to take action, we will start a vigorous agitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371388", "title": "Health hub for Rajarhat township soon", "text": "KOLKATA: With only one specialized cancer hospital operating in the area, residents of Rajarhat New Town have to go all the way to Salt Lake or towards VIP Road in case of an emergency. The authorities have decided to put this problem to an end by setting up a health hub in the township. The West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation (Hidco) will invite private players to set up specialized healthcare units in the upcoming township.In order to provide immediate and quality treatment to the residents of Rajarhat New Town, the authorities are planning to set up a health hub in Rajarhat New Town to provide immediate and quality treatment to the residents of the township. The authorities are inviting private players interested in setting up the units.\"It has now been planned that specialized healthcare units like orthopaedic, diabetes , geriatric, trauma care etc will come up in New Town. The health hub will spread over about 7 to 8 acre,\" said Hidco chairman-cum-managing director Debashis Sen.Earlier, the authorities had planned to sell off two plots of 2 acre each for setting up a trauma centre and a geriatric care centre. The authorities had received applications but the applicants did not qualify for bidding.With restrictions over availability of land, Hidco authorities are trying to utilise small plots that are scattered over the township.With the demand of a specialised healthcare hub at Rajarhat New Town gaining steam by the day, Hidco officials recently held a meeting with the residents' representatives to lay out a roadmap. Finally, all the stakeholders unanimously decided to set up a health hub through floating expressions of interest.At present, only Tata Medical Centre, a specialised cancer hospital, is operating in the area and the residents of New Town need to go all the way at least to VIP Road or towards Salt Lake to get a hospital.During the Left rule, the previous Hidco board had planned to set up a few specialized hospitals in the township, but only the cancer hospital plan materialized.Also, the Hidco authorities have decided to set up infrastructure of a particular area in a holistic manner. \"Till now, job-generating infrastructure such as roads, streetlights and drainage used to be taken up separately. From now, all infrastructure work of a particular area will be executed holistically,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13372881", "title": "Simons allays fears on Viru, Ross fitness", "text": "PUNE: Team Delhi supporters can heave a collective sigh of relief. Their top-scorer and skipper Virender Sehwag and Kiwi skipper and one of the most dynamic batsmen in T20 cricket, Ross Taylor are fit to do battle against Team Kolkata on Tuesday.Sehwag missed the last two matches against Team Bangalore and Team Punjab, while Taylor had missed the game in Dharamsala against Team Punjab, on Saturday. Team Delhi head coach Eric Simons informed the media that Sehwag and Taylor have recovered from their bouts of flu and will be playing in the playoffs against Team Kolkata, here on Tuesday.\"We didn't have an extended practice session for them. They had light practice as both were recovering from bouts of flu. We are confident that they would be fine,\" Simons stated.Delhi may have been the most consistent team in the group stages, but Simons would tell you that it won't have any bearing when the two teams square off at the Subrata Roy Sahara Stadium on Tuesday.That the two teams are tied at four matches a piece is adequate indication that both teams are well-matched and matches between the two are evenly contested.\"It is rewarding that we have finished on top, but in Twenty20, you don't really get a platform and the match between Bangalore and Hyderabad, on Sunday, showed that. There was one team that was doing great and the other team was struggling. Yet Hyderabad came on top.\"Asked about the mantra for success during crunch matches, Simons pointed out that a number of factors need to fall in place. \"We have to be aware about where exactly we are emotionally and mentally. We have to do the basics correctly to get the right result.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368721", "title": "Activists meet Sonia, seek raise in old age pension", "text": "NEW DELHI: The monthly pension of Rs 200 being given to senior citizens is likely to be increased with UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi on Monday expressing support for the cause.Pension Parishad conveners Aruna Roy and Baba Adhav met Sonia and put forward their demands including a hike in the monthly pension and reducing the age of eligibility from 60 to 55 years for men and 50 for women. The activists also demanded that APL and BPL criteria be removed.Speaking after the meeting, activist Nikhil Dey said, \"The UPA chairperson said she was supportive of the cause and would do what she could to at least increase the amount being given to the elderly right now.''Sources said that universalization of the social security scheme could also be looked at.The activists have in recent weeks met with several political leaders. In fact, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh had in a letter to PM Manmohan Singh said that the amount being given now was an \"insult to the dignity of an individual\" seeking a review of the scheme.In a letter, the minister recommended streamlining the disbursal system of Indira Gandhi National Old Age Pension Scheme (IGNOAPS) under which Rs 200 per month is given to 3 crore people over the age of 60.The key demands of the Parishad include removal of poverty line criteria while implementing the pension scheme, increasing the amount of pension from Rs 200 to Rs 300 and reducing the age eligibility.The rural development ministry has already submitted a proposal in this regard to the finance ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370961", "title": "Samajwadi party leader sees Mulayam Singh Yada as future PM", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajawadi Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary on Monday projected Mulayam Singh Yadav as his party's prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections and sought support from the public in this regard. On his maiden visit to his home district of Ghaziabad after being sworn in as the member of the legislative council, Chaudhary was addressing the party workers at a felicitation function at Agrasen Bhawan.Stating that the dream of the great socialist leader Chaudhary Charan Singh was the prosperity of farmers in India, Rajendra Chaudhary, said, \"This dream can come true if the SP chief becomes the prime minister of India through the 2014 general elections.\"Amidst thunderous applause from the party workers, Chaudhary said that SP state president and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has carved a new dimension in the politics of state and the leadership of Mulayam Singh Yadav will strengthen the very foundation of democracy in India. \"The Akhilesh Yadav government in UP is presently a manifestation of the faith and trust that the people have shown in SP and its principles. We are confident that under the guidance of party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav, the party will be able to deliver better results in letter and spirit,\" Chaudhary said.A die hard old time Mulayam loyalist, Rajendra Chaudhary enjoys the image of a non-controversial and clean politician ever since he stepped into the state politics as a candidate for the assembly elections in 1974 after he was given a ticket by Chaudhary Charan Singh himself. He stepped into the state assembly in 1977 and has since been with Mulayam and his Lohia ideology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367514", "title": "Brush up your skills for journalism, business tests", "text": "NEW DELHI: For students eyeing seats in professional courses offered by Delhi University , it's time to gear up for entrance tests. Tests for admission to some of the most sought-after courses will begin even before the actual admission process starts on June 4. So students need to polish their skills and be quick on their toes to avoid missing important dates, advise experts.The faculty of applied social sciences and humanities will hold Combined Journalism Entrance Test (CJET) and joint entrance test for BA (honours) in business economics, business studies and financial investment analysis on June 3. Both tests will be held within a gap of six hours. BBE, BBS and BFIA are popular among commerce students and require the student to have studied mathematics in Class XII. The faculty has received 19,000 applications for 891 seats. Since the competition is tough, teachers advise candidates to practise sample questions to do well in the test.\"Students should have good quantitative and reasoning abilities. They should solve questions in previous years' papers. The pattern of the paper may not necessarily be the same but it will give them a good practice,\" said Poonam Verma, principal, Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies that offers all three courses. She added, \"Make sure not to answer by fluke as you will be negatively marked for wrong answers.\"For those set to appear for CJET, it's imperative to read newspapers every day and catch up with political and social developments as well as current affairs. \"We expect aspiring journalists to be aware of what's going on around them and to have good language skills. They should be able to comprehend and comment on issues,\" advised Tarjeet Sabharwal, convenor, CJET 2012 which is likely to have objective-type questions as well as essays.Though BA (honours) journalism focuses primarily on news media, students can opt for other branches of media like film-making and new media by studying bachelor of mass media and mass communication (BMMMC) offered only at IP College for Women. Forms will be available from June 1 to 20 and the test will be conducted in two rounds. An objective-type eliminatory round will be held on July 1 followed by the second round on July 6. The course covers electronic and print media, advertising and public relations besides other branches of media. \"Candidates need to have a good general awareness and an equally good command on English. We have 52 seats, including 26 for the general category. Placements at the end of final year are also quite encouraging with an average salary of Rs 25,000,\" said Manasvini M Yogi, convenor, BMMMC.Besides professional courses, BA (honours) English also has a common entrance test. This year, 21 colleges will admit students to the course through the test which will be held on June 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13367950", "title": "Sankalp brothers set to split?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Goenka brothers, who own Ahmedabad-based South Indian chain of restaurants Sankalp, may be on the verge of a split.Sankalp, known for authentic South Indian cuisine in the state, was set up by their father Ramavtar Goenka, a Marwari cloth merchant, in 1981. A few years ago, the Goenkas ventured into real estate with luxury residential projects. The group also entered the hotel space through its tie-up with Ramada Hotels.Both the brothers have been handling separate businesses under the Sankalp group for some time now. While Kailash Goenka handles food business under Sankalp Recreation Pvt Ltd, Robin Goenka takes care of the real estate business under Sankalp Organisers Pvt. Ltd, which has announced five premium residential projects in Ahmebabad on Ashram Road, SG Road, Ambli Road, Prahladnagar and Thaltej, which are under various stages.While the brothers denied the report, a source close to the family said that the brothers are headed towards splitsville after their father passed away recently.\"The sons had expressed their desire to split the business a long time ago. However, their father Ramavtar Goenka was the binding force and resisted partition. With the father's demise, the brothers are keen on a clear partition,\" said the source.Originally from Jaipur in Rajasthan, the Goenkas have been serving South Indian food to Gujaratis for three decades now. Ramavtar was brought up at Jaffna in Sri Lanka , surrounded by Tamil culture, and came to Gujarat for business. With his expertise in South Indian cuisine, he founded the first Sankalp restaurant on Ashram Road in Ahmedabad along with his son Kailash.At present, there are over 90 Sankalp restaurants across the globe. The group plans to open more restaurants in Dubai , Australia and South Africa after recently opening a restaurant in London . The other sub-brands they set up under the Sankalp group were Saffron for North Indian food, Sam's Pizza (earlier Uncle Sam's) for pizzas and salads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13367531", "title": "State officials blame NCP-Congress 'infighting' for shelved sea link", "text": "MUMBAI: Who is responsible for bringing the Worli-Haji Ali sea link project to the brink of being shelved, at a time when its construction was just about to take off? Planning for the project was on for the last four years. Government sources say the shelving of the project is the fallout of political infighting within the ruling NCP-Congress coalition. They said the government could have easily met the contractual obligations needed for the construction to start, but the Congress-led faction opposed the project as it was being executed by an NCP-led ministry. Of course, the bone of contention was funds needed for the project.The political war has left lakhs of Mumbaikars facing a 5-6 year wait for a direct route to south Mumbai. Commuters and transport experts won't mind waiting for a longer period if the comparatively cheaper coastal road is built instead. But if the coastal road idea is turned down by the environment ministry at the Centre, leaving only the sea link option, the delay will lead to huge congestion on city roads. Experts prefer the coastal road plan as they think it will not entail the burden of toll payment on Mumbaikars, as in the case of the much costlier link.As per the plans, the project should have been ready by 2013-14 after RInfra was selected as the developer in February 2009. The construction period was planned to be four years, which means that had things gone as per the plan, a coastal access up to Haji Ali would have been ready by next year. Simultaneously, there were plans to build the Pedder road flyover in the time the next crucial coastal road and tunnel up to Girgaum Chowpatty via Mahalaxmi and Priyadarshini Park came up.\"At a time when the project was to take off, why did the government decide to do away with the conditions in the original agreement? The conditions were mainly regarding guarantee of financial share to the entire project, monetary support in case of termination of contract, providing no-objection certificate from lenders who funded the existing Bandra-Worli sea link so as to take over toll collection, and making available the casting yard. These conditions were cleared by the government itself prior to floating the tender, then why such a sudden U-turn,\" asked a government source.\"The casting yard at Bandra near Taj Lands End, where the existing link's segments were manufactured, could have been made available temporarily. But the excuse that it is being used for a sewage treatment plant by the BMC was put forth to scuttle the project. Interestingly, there are no signs of any such plant coming up soon. Guaranteeing monetary support and providing no-objection certificates were not difficult tasks,\" sources pointed out. Sources said there were a series of meetings of state and RInfra officials in the presence of NCP ministers to end the deadlock, but talks never reached fruition.The report of the mediator between the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) and RInfra, retired Justice B P Singh, has endorsed RInfra's view that the government could not breach agreement conditions and if it did so, Rinfra was free to part ways and was not bound to pay any penalty. This means the project is almost on the verge of getting scrapped, as the state and developer find parting ways as the only solution to end the deadlock and pave way for the next move.According to sources, the next move, whether it is to wait for eco-clearance for the coastal road from the Centre or go for fresh tenders for the link, will be decided only at the meeting of the MSRDC board slated for May-end. \"However, the project has got delayed for sure and may not come up by the originally planned deadline of 2013-14,\" a government source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13374817", "title": "Hot winds sweep MP, Khajuraho boils at 45 degrees celsius", "text": "BHOPAL: The state capital singed on Monday as the day temperature went up by close to a degree to touch 42.3 degrees celsius. And what is likely to come as a shocker of sorts is the city is set to experience still higher day temperature. The temperature is likely to go up in next 24 hours, so say the weathermen. On Sunday, the city recorded a temperature of 41.4 degrees celsius.According to officials at the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle, the day temperatures rose to 42.3 degrees celsius in Bhopal on Monday, 2 degrees above normal. The minimum temperature was 28.2 degrees, 2 degrees above normal.Hot winds blowing in the city till late evening forced residents to stay indoors. Humid conditions added to the discomfort.The temperature could touch 43 degrees celsius in the state capital on Tuesday. Partly cloudy sky with thundery development was predicted.Khajuraho continues to be the hottest place in the state with the temple town recording 45 degrees C.In fact, hot winds across the northern Madhya Pradesh, Vidnhya region and Bundelkhand gave a torrid time. The day temperature in Guna and Gwalior were recorded at 43 degrees C. Gwalior and Jabalpur recorded maximum temperatures over 43 degrees Celsius while the day temperature in Indore was a tad less at 41 degrees Celsius.The state is expected to receive a normal and timely monsoon this year, claims the director of meteorological department, Bhopal, D P Dubey. He was in the city for a day-long visit.\"The rains will hit Kerala on June 1 and reach Indore and Bhopal on June 13, simultaneously,\" Dubey said adding that the forecast for this monsoon is normal across the country though.Brushing aside popular perception about Navtapa (nine hottest days of summer), Dubey said it is a misconception that rains during these days mean poor monsoon. \"There is no scientific proof to ascertain the claim,\" he said claiming that the meteorological department has been capable of forecasting 90% of monsoon-related weather and 80% of non-monsoon related weather.Madhya Pradesh will have four latest Doppler Weather Radar Systems (DWRS) at a total cost of Rs 100 crore in next two years to predict accurate weather conditions including rainfall and other climatic changes.Dubey said the meteorological department has acquired land from Airport Authority of India (AAI) to set up the weather radar system.Though the Doppler System would take about a year to start functioning in Indore, DWRS would be operational by August in Bhopal, he said.\"The Doppler Weather System, being installed in Bhopal, can cover a radius of 400 km and people in Indore can avail the facility too,\" he said.\"Bhopal and Gwalior will be covered in the first phase of the doppler project, while Indore and Jabalpur will be taken up in the next phase,\" he said.As soon as the land is acquired, the building and infrastructure process would start at three places, he said, adding \"We have got a plan to complete remaining three within one to two years.\"The weather radar systems would be an automatic weather monitoring system covering 400 km radius at four centres and weather prediction would be much more accurate than today's system of observatory, Dubey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13382911", "title": "'Eccentric' millionaire offers 1m euros to bed Kelly Brook", "text": "Kelly Brook received an indecent proposal at 65th Cannes Films Festival, when a French millionaire offered her one million euros to sleep with her.Security had to wade in when the businessman, known only as Frederic, stormed a photocall session and threw himself at the model-turned-actress, proffering the cheque in return for \"one night with Kelly\".The 32-year-old initially thought that it was a stunt organised by comedian Keith Lemon, whose film she was helping to promote.However, when the thirty something stranger started trying to grab her, shrieking \"Just one night! Please, one night! I have money...! she realised their was a big problem and frantically sought help.A bodyguard sprinted to the star, hauled Frederic away from Brook and ejected him from the plush Majestic Barriere hotel.Shaken but determined to continue, Brook gamely posed pool-side beside a leopard print pant-wearing Lemon, the Mirror reported.In the cult 1993 movie 'Indecent Proposal', Demi's married character agrees to have sex with businessman Robert Redford , in return for 1 million dollars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13370286", "title": "'Follow government norms on Pre-University colleges admissions'", "text": "MANGALORE: Deputy Commissioner NS Channappa Gowda on Monday directed principals of all PU colleges in Dakshina Kannada to compulsorily display seat matrix for the forthcoming academic year on notice boards. All PUC admissions had to be conducted as per the government norms, DC instructed principals while directing them to display the seat matrix on the websites of the respective colleges as well.The district-level Education Control Authority will visit the colleges to oversee the admission procedure. The DC added that admission time-table, student admission list, category-wise students lists, the government fixed fee structure and tuition fees had to be displayed on the notice boards. \"The colleges cannot conduct a separate entrance examination to determine admission of students to their respective institutions,\" the DC said.The validity of caste and income certificate submitted by students at the time of admission is for a period of five years and institutions should not insist on these certificates every academic year. \"The income limit for students from backward classes is Rs 11,000,\" he added. He also directed the institutions to obtain only certified copies of the same and not insist on the original certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13373121", "title": "Patient ends life in Government Rajaji Hospital premises", "text": "MADURAI: Frustrated over the prolonged illness, a farmer allegedly ended his life by hanging himself with the hospital screen cloth at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in the early hours of Monday.G Rajalinga Raja (55) of Rajapalayam was admitted in GRH after he developed blocks in the arteries of his legs. His condition worsened and he started suffering respiratory problems and other health issues. Hence, he was admitted in the intensive medical care unit (IMCU).Under these circumstances, at around 4.15am on Monday, Raja hung himself by using the screen cloth available in the partition between beds. His wife, Gunavathi rushed to his help but he died death as his body condition was weak. Based on a complaint from Gunavathi, GRH police registered a complaint case.Gunavathi said Raja was suffering severe respiratory problems and pain due to blocks in his legs. After treating him in various hospitals, the family took him to GRH and he was given intensive treatment but he ended his life, unable to bear the pain, she said. After post-mortem, the body was handed over to Gunavathi. Edwin Joe, dean of GRH, said Raja was suffering from pulmonary embolism and the major arteries to his legs were blocked with solid materials. He was admitted in IMCU and was recovering. He was treated medically as surgical procedures could not be followed for his condition. The drugs given to him required the time to work on his condition, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13374694", "title": "Church to build flats for the poor", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The Athirampuzha St Mary's Forane Church under the Archdiocese of Changanassery has come up with a novel idea in helping the laity. It has decided to provide flats for families that do not own house or land. The families that are provided houses will have to vacate them after 15 years during which period the church expects the children in these families to become self-sufficient and capable of supporting their families. The church will also take care of the education of the children staying in these flats.The church will construct a three-storied building, 'Daiva Paripalana Bhavan', for the purpose. It would have 21 flats, each with two rooms, a kitchen, a dining hall and balcony, said Fr James P Kunnath, assistant vicar of the church. Once a family vacates a flat after 15 years, another family will be accommodated in its place.The ground floor of the building will house a chapel and a common kitchen for cooking during festivals. The building will be erected in 22 cents of land owned by the church. It will also have a small ground for children to play. Children staying in the Bhavan will be provided education at St Aloysius' or St Mary's School run by the church.Fr Mani Puthiyidam, vicar of the church, is the one who initiated the scheme. \"A debt-ridden family once approached Fr Puthiyidam seeking financial help. He was moved by their plight and decided to do something for the children of such families,\" Fr James said.'Daiva Paripalana Bhavan,' is estimated to cost Rs 1.25 crore. The church expects to construct it with the support of around 2,400 families who are its members.\"We have already received 48 applications seeking accommodation. They will be scrutinized by a committee and the most eligible will be selected. We will enter into an agreement with them and charge a nominal rent so that they don't misuse the facilities,\" he said.\"The cost of construction of one flat is estimated at Rs 5 lakh. Five people have already come forward offering to sponsor one flat,\" Fr James said.\"Metropolitan Archbishop Mar Joseph Perumthottam will bless the foundation stone of the building next Sunday,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "country homes", "code": "13373295", "title": "Deep sea walking makes her shudder", "text": "COUNTRY HOMES: When social activist and businesswoman Radhika Jaitwani hears anyone discuss the joys of deep sea walking she gets goose bumps and her mind instantly flashes back to June 27, 2011. Radhika suffered a panic attack under water as she saw a sea creature creep close to her while she was deep sea walking near Carol Island in Bangkok.Recalling the incident, Radhika said she had gone to Bangkok to attend her best friend Daisy Thukral's daughter Anahita's wedding on June 25, 2011. ''My elder son Karan and some other guests from India had also joined the trip. I had heard about deep sea walking so I wished to experience how it feels under the sea. On June 27, we went to try the activity. They put a balloon like glass mask around my head and a local guide accompanied me under the sea. A rope was also fastened on my body for safety.''Radhika, wife of industrialist Vijay Jaitwani, said as they reached the deep sea, they began seeing fishes, sea plants and big rocks. ''All of a sudden, I saw some big creature float towards me and I suffered a panic attack and began to feel claustrophobia. I tried to alert my guide but he didn't hear me and I kept struggling for some minutes. Somehow I managed to reach him and scratch his mask. He realized I was suffering a panic attack and immediately pushed me out of water. After that my son and other Indian friends rushed towards me and helped me destress me,'' said the 50-year-old.Radhika added that even though she became well again almost immediately, the memory of that experience makes her shudder just the same. ''However, that has not stopped me from trying more adventure activities. I continue to live my life without fear.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13369044", "title": "Avoid contaminated water, cut fruits in summer: Expert", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The hot and sultry weather is its taking toll on the health of people. Dusty winds are causing respiratory tract infections in children and the elderly. There has been a steep rise in the number of patients complaining of wheezing, severe cough, chest congestion, fever, gastroenteritis, eye infections at city hospitals, clinics and primarycommunity health centres in rural parts of various districts.\"Pollen grains in the air cause various respiratory tract infections and number of patients increases in such weather,\" said Dr Vivek Srivastava, deputy CMO, Allahabad. He added, \"Children and the elderly are particularly vulnerable. Dust particles affect lungs, particularly of minors.\"From 250 to 400 patients suffering from various aliments are being examined by doctors at the OPDs of government hospitals, primary/community health centres and doctors advise people to avoid smoke and going to areas with high dust content and also avoid inhaling aromatic sprays and mosquito repellents.The threat of water-borne diseases also looms large in such weather as people consume more juices and fluids. Diseases such as stomach flu, gastroenteritis, jaundice and typhoid are common during the summers.\"In old city areas of Allahabad, most of the patients are suffering from gastroenteritis. Consumption of contaminated water also causes gastroenteritis,\" said Dr SAM Meesum, senior medical officer, community health. He added, \"People should be very cautious and avoid eating at road-side eateries.\"He advised people to eat well-cooked food and drink bottled water and only fresh fruit juices extracted at home. Such precautions will minimise the risk of contracting stomach infections, he said. Dr V B Singh said, \"Eating light food with lots of fluids such as lime water helps in controlling stomach infections. If there is an infection, anti-biotics are offered to the patients.\"Doctors said that heat and dusty weather also aggravates the cases of eye infections. As eyes are sensitive and prone to infections, it is advisable to wear wide-rimmed sunglasses while going out.Weather woes and seasonal diseasesCommon cough: Doctors claim that cough is body's system of keeping air passage clear. But frequent coughing or people having breathing problems on frequent intervals could be suffering from respiratory tract infections. Dusty weather plays havoc with the patients suffering from respiratory track problems.Gastroenteritis: Inflammation of the stomach and intestines causes gastroenteritis. The symptoms are diarrhoea, nausea, cramps and vomiting. Always consume clean potable water and avoid eating from road-side dhabas and eateries.Typhoid: In case of typhoid, patients usually have symptoms like high fever, headache , backache, diarrhoea or constipation, patches on tongue. It basically affects intestines and also causes ulceration of the intestines.Jaundice: When it comes to complaining jaundice, liver gets swollen. Patches of liver tissue may be destroyed as a result of inflammation. Doctors claim symptoms of jaundice normally appear after two to six weeks with infection of virus and include loss of hunger, fever, body-ache and fatigue.Chest congestion and asthma: When you feel heaviness in chest or pain while breathing, approach your doctor as these are the symptoms of chest congestion. Doctors claim that in case of chest congestion, lungs are not able to expand fully.Conjunctivitis: Symptoms such as pink and watery eyes clearly indicate about conjunctivitis as it is a common eye infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13368475", "title": "Minister of state held for role in Rs 46 crore scam", "text": "MUMBAI: Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader and minister of state for transport and agriculture Gulabrao Deokar was on Monday arrested by the Jalgaon police for alleged involvement in a 15-year-old Rs 46 crore mass housing scam, in a major embarrassment for the Sharad Pawar-led party.Deokar is the first cabinet member in Maharashtra who has been arrested while in office. He was later released on a personal bond.Deokar will continue to be a cabinet member as his resignation has not been accepted by the party. \"Deokar submitted his resignation but since he has been released on bail, we will wait for the outcome of the court proceedings,'' state NCP president Madhukar Pichad said.Deokar is among 90-odd accused, including former housing minister and senior Shiv Sena legislator Sureshdada Jain, arrested by the police. While Jain has been granted interim bail owing to ill-health, most former councillors have been released on bail.The Jalgaon municipal council (JMC) controlled by Jain had in 1997 floated tenders for the construction of 11,000 affordable houses in the city, even though the construction of houses was not on its mandate. While 11 builders submitted tenders, the JMC at the last moment amended basic conditions, as a result of which only Khandesh Builders, a front for Jain and Golani Developers, remained in the fray. Golani's tender was rejected on technical grounds.When it was found that a loan secured from the housing and urban development corporation was illegally transferred to the name of the firms controlled by Jain, leader of the opposition Eknath Khadse demanded a high-level probe.JMC's then chief executive officer, Pravin Gedam, on February 3, 2006, lodged an FIR against 90 councillors, who were JMC members between 1995 and 2006. When the contract was granted, Deokar was JMC chairman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13368998", "title": "Police yet to make breakthrough in Naini dacoity case", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The police are yet to make a breakthrough into sensational Naini dacoity case where a youth was shot dead and two others left critically wounded by a group of armed dacoits who struck at the house of Vinod Pandey at Deorakh village on Sunday. The dacoits had decamped with booty worth Rs 10 lakh.SSP Naveen Arora told TOI, \"Initial investigations revealed that the criminals had intentionally attacked each and every family member.\" He added that the police have got some leads in the case and are working on them.The victims' family has named at least 12 persons regarding the incident. IG Alok Sharma has also directed district police to crack the case soon. Armed robbers had killed Guddu Pandey alias Ranjeev (22) and left Vinay Pandey and his sister-in-law Rakhi critically injured. The victims are battling for their life at a nursing home. The residents of Naini and adjoining localities on Monday demanded the police higher ups to crack down the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365670", "title": "Fire at Ameerpet lodge, narrow escape for 18", "text": "HYDERABAD: Eighteen residents of a lodge in Maithrivanam, Ameerpet, had a narrow escape when a fire broke out in the cellar of the commercial complex in the wee hours of Monday. The fire broke out at 1.15 am due to short-circuit and spread to the ground floor of the building where a wine shop was located. Though 18 residents were rescued by fire fighters, one of them suffered a minor head injury while trying to scamper down through a fire escape.The cellar and the ground floor of the building got completely gutted, even as the residents suffered suffocation as thick smoke engulfed even the third floor of the building. The fire fighting operation lasted till 1 pm on Monday as the fire fighters found it hard to put out the fire in the cellar which was being used as a storehouse for hoarding tiles and even plastic PVC pipes, all of which are highly combustible material.The fire fighting operation was carried out by six fire engines from Secunderabad, Film Nagar, Jeedimetla, Sanath Nagar, Musheerabad and Langar Houz. The damage is estimated to be around Rs 4 lakh, fire officials said.According to officials, the building owner had violated fire safety norms and had not installed fire fighting equipment. There was no fire escape in the building and hence, the fire officials had to break the glass facade of the complex to rescue people. A detailed report on the incident is expected to be submitted by the fire department in a week's time, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13370149", "title": "Family seeks help to trace missing Kanyakumari sailor", "text": "CHENNAI: The family of a 44-year-old man from Kanyakumari, who went missing after a blast on a ship off the Nigerian coast, has been desperately trying to locate the sailor for the past eight months.Robert Xavier Raj was a second officer on ITB Jacksonville, a Nigerian-flagged vessel, when the ship went up in flames after an engine explosion on September 4, 2011.There were 15 sailors on board the vessel at the time of the blast. Four Indians died in the mishap and 10 sailors were rescued. The bodies of four Indians were recovered but there was no trace of Raj. One of the rescued sailors called Raj's family five days after the incident from a hospital he had been admitted to. He informed them that Raj could not be traced after the mishap.Raj's son, Anderson Xavier Raj, said Mumbai-based shipping company Noah Marines had not contacted his family after the blast.\"One of the sailors told us that the fire on the ship lasted for four days,\" Anderson said. \"He said four sailors' bodies had been recovered.\" Raj's wife went into shock when he heard the news and has been bedridden for the past five months.\"The mishap occurred around 10 nautical miles from Apapa port in Lagos, Nigeria,\" Anderson said. His father had been recruited by Noah Marines. \"The company never made any attempt to contact us or give us information about the incident. Whenever we call, company officials say my father is missing and an investigation is still underway,\" Anderson said.Anderson has approached the directorate-general of shipping, ministry of overseas Indian affairs and the Tamil Nadu government, but his pleas for assistance to trace his father have elicited no response.According to media reports of the accident, the vessel was flying a Liberian flag at the time of the incident. However, documents found aboard the ship indicated that it was registered in Nigeria. The vessel was reportedly not fit to sail at the time of the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13370508", "title": "See cheetah cubs in Mysore zoo from May 24", "text": "MYSORE: Visitors to Mysore zoo will get to see five cheetah cubs in an open enclosure from May 24.The zoo received four cheetahs from Leipzig Zoo ( Germany) under animal-exchange programme in March 2011. According to the zoo authorities, cheetah Maya, 6, was paired with male cheetah Tejas, 6. Maya delivered five healthy cubs on March 29, 2012. It took 12 hours for Maya to deliver five cubs.The two-month-old cubs are being housed temporarily in a modified leopard enclosure. In all, there are 12 cheetahs in the zoo.Maya is being given due to care, complete with nutritional supplements, to take care of the cubs. Maternal care and neonatal behaviour are being monitored through CCTV.Executive director B P Ravi said an animal keeper is being allowed to enter the adjacent room for providing food and water to them.Zoo Authority of Karnataka (ZAK) chairman M Nanjundaswamy will release the cubs to the enclosure on Thursday.Additional principal chief conservator of forests and ZAK member-secretary R S Suresh will be present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13374880", "title": "Public Interest Litigation in Kerala high court seeks allowance for housewives", "text": "KOCHI: They are the hidden hands that feed the family, though it's the breadwinner - predominantly male - who takes all the credit. In a belated move to acknowledge the unsung heroines in every home, a public interest litigation was filed before the Kerala high court on Monday demanding that housewives be paid a monthly allowance.Housewives toil much more than an average office-goer but their work is hardly recognized as such by society. By virtue of working at home, they are also denied access to government welfare measures. Citing these facts, the petition filed by Basil Attipetty contended that it is the duty of the government to come up with a special allowance of Rs 1,000 per month for housewives. The petition also wanted the Kerala Women's Commission to make a recommendation to the state government in this respect.The state governments of Goa and Uttar Pradesh are already paying Rs 1,000 as allowance to housewives in those states. According to National Commission for Women Act 1990 and Kerala Women's Commission Act, the women's commission has the statutory right and duty to ameliorate the conditions of housewives.Though there are numerous provisions in the law regarding protection of the rights of women in India, monetary assistance from the government to needy and deserving women will provide actual purchasing power for such women and be a great relief for them, the petition argued.The petitioner produced before the court a copy of a news item regarding a statement made by Kerala Women's Commission chairperson KC Rosakutty that she would submit a report to the government seeking allowance for housewives.In an apparent bid to inspire the justices, the petitioner also quoted from the autobiography of Mahatma Gandhi regarding the agony of three women in a household in Chambaram village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13370244", "title": "'Cabinet berth in a fortnight'", "text": "PANAJI: Alina Saldanha, who has been elected unopposed to the assembly after her two rivals withdrew from the race, may be given a cabinet berth within a fortnight, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said on Monday.Parrikar said the date was yet to be fixed as he was busy with other engagements.Parrikar said Saldanha has to first be sworn-in as a member of the legislative assembly. \"Let us follow procedure,\" Parrikar said.Parrikar, however, expressed happiness that Saldanha's election rivals withdrew their candidatures on Monday. \"I am happy that they took a good decision. But for me, the sigh of relief is because of the curtailment of the code of conduct,\" Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13372958", "title": "UT plans automatic parking lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In an attempt to turn manual parking lots into automatic ones, the civic body authority on Monday called a meeting of the officials of various wings. The authority has come with a plan to explore and study maximum automatic parking lots to incorporate the latest technologies.In its preliminary meeting, it was decided that all entry and exit points will have big screens having details of parking lots to make it easy for the commuters to know about the vacant slots and moving area.Besides, the engineering wing has been told to close additional entry and exit points and leave only one designated entry and exit point for the proper management of the automatic parking lots.Sunil Bhatia, additional municipal commissioner and chairman of the committee, said, \"At this stage, we are examining how the system of automatic parking lots can be started. After examining all the points things will be decided that weather MC will run the system on its own or we will have to give it to contractors.\"The system of automatic parking system will first be initiated in Sector 17 and later will be implemented in other parking lots of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13366260", "title": "BJP goes with ex-government doctor for Parkal seat", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has handed the Parkal ticket to Dr Vijayachandra Reddy, finally ending the suspense over its candidate for the lone Assembly segment in Telangana going the bypolls on June 12.Vijayachandra is a government doctor who has recently resigned from service. He is the chairman of the doctors' joint action committee (D-JAC) which is also striving for the separate statehood cause. Vijayachandra will be pitted against TRS nominee Bhikshapathy, Samme Rao of the Congress and Konda Surekha of the YSR Congress.Announcing Vijayachandra's candidature, state BJP president G Kishan Reddy said that the party's purpose behind contesting the Parkal bypoll was to demonstrate that it was at the forefront of the Telangana movement.Coming down heavily on TRS supremo K Chandrasekhar Rao for accusing BJP of inciting communal sentiments to tap more votes, Kishan Reddy said it was the former who was playing the communal card by saying that Muslims were distancing themselves from the Telangana movement after the saffron party won the Mahbubnagar Assembly bypoll.He said that the BJP would appeal to Parkal voters to back the party as it was the only one that could realise the dream of a separate Telangana state given its status of a national party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13365870", "title": "\u2018Makes sense for Rishad to succeed as non-executive chief\u2019", "text": "Wipro chairman Azim Premji has said that \"it would make sense\" for his son Rishad to succeed him eventually as non-executive chairman, though he said he has no plans to step down for at least the next 24 months. Rishad was promoted to chief strategy officer in September 2010, reporting to chief executive officer T K Kurien. Premji with his family controls 78% of Wipro.Premji himself had taken over the reins of Wipro at a young age after his father died of a heart attack in 1966. He was 21 years old and had three months left in his engineering program at Stanford when he returned home to helm the then $2 million business, which he transformed over 40 years from a vegetable oil and soap maker into a software services provider with a market capitalization of $18 billion.The group is seeking to make acquisitions worth $1 billion over the next 18 months, adding intellectual property and software to help boost profit, Premji said.India's third-largest computer-services provider is targeting deals between $50 million and $300 million, though \"it's not a hard cap,\" Premji said in a May 18 interview in New York . The company relies mostly on an internal mergers and acquisitions team led by Rishad to hunt for candidates, rather than using investment banks.\"We are trying to create deals, rather than just react to deals which are lying with investment bankers, because we find our win rates are much higher,\" said Premji, 66. \"We want to supplement our growth rates there and go up the value chain.\"Wipro faces competition in its effort to add higher-margin services business. Larger rivals Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Infosys have said they want to make acquisitions in Europe and other non-English-speaking regions in their hunt for new markets. Global IT services spending growth may slow to 1.3% this year, from 6.5% in 2011, as Europe's debt struggles continue, research group Gartner has said.Bangalore-based Wipro offers software-development and business process outsourcing services, as well as consulting and product engineering. bloomberg", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13387193", "title": "I'd love to play a superhero: Sonu Sood", "text": "Sonu Sood, who has played everything from an encounter specialist to a world-renowned criminal, says he would love to play a superhero.Sonu, who is currently filming for Shootout at Wadala in Mumbai, in which he plays a young version of Dawood Ibrahim , says it was quite a challenge to get out of the skin of the encounter specialist he played in Maximum, to that of a world renowned criminal.\"\"An encounter specialist was always a question mark in my head, you know, when I started shooting for the film, ki what goes through their mind, what kind of body language do they have, what happens when they go in for an encounter? So I met a couple of cops in Punjab, in Mumbai, and spent some time with them to know how they function. For them it's like a daily job -- you go to the office, you finish your work and you come back. They're very composed, you know, they're very calm, and then that's what I liked about my character -- this guy who's a very known cop and encounter specialist, but he's still very calm and you know he has his own family and he lives a different life when he's off work,\"\" says Sonu, adding, \"\"Again, it's a challenge when you come out of a cop's uniform and you get into the Dawood mode, but it feels nice. You know, there are all these larger-than-life characters and you play a film based in the 70s, so lots of research goes in terms of the look of the character and the ambience. I felt really nice playing Dawood, (especially with) all these lines he has.\"\"While there are several roles that Sonu has played in his film career, there is one that he has yet to do. \"\"I would love to do a superhero role at some stage. That I haven't done so far, so why not?\"\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nawashahr", "code": "13373294", "title": "RDX seized from 2 suspected militants", "text": "NAWASHAHR: Two suspected militants from Nawashahr district, belonging to Khalistan Zindabad Force, were arrested and 2.7kg RDX, arms and ammunition recovered from them. The duo was also found in possession of three detonators, two timers, three bombs, two China-made pistols and 11 cartridges.Police said the suspects had concealed the RDX and arms in 2010 and were \"awaiting a good opportunity to strike\". Patiala IG (zonal) Paramjit Singh Gill said the accused Sandeep Singh and Sukhwinder Singh were caught at a checkpoint in Karnana village on Sunday evening.While one part of the explosives was recovered from the fields of Sandeep's village Saifabad in Phillaur, the remaining was found in Punia village of Nawashahr. Gill said they had got the consignment in February 2010 from Ferozepur and buried it.IG Gill said one of the accomplices, Gurnek Singh of Bara village in Jalandhar, escaped to the US some time ago. The duo owed allegiance to Ranjeet Singh Neeta-led Khalistan Zindabad Force, claimed the police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13373204", "title": "Youth dies mysteriously, family cries murder", "text": "LUDHIANA: A 27-year-old nursing student died under mysterious circumstances on Monday morning in CMC area. The deceased, identified as Sandeep Peter, was found lying unconscious and severely injured outside his house on Monday. His family rushed him to Christian Medical College and Hospital, where he succumbed to injuries. His family have alleged that Sandeep was murdered as he was in a relationship with a girl from another community.Police said Sandeep was studying in United Kingdom and was on vacation since December 2011. He was reportedly in an eight year-long relationship with a girl from Janta Nagar and their families were opposed to the relationship. The deceased's mother Sardaran Peter accused the girl and her maternal uncles of conspiring to kill her son. She informed police that her son had left home on Sunday night after he got a call. Next, she saw him lying unconscious outside their house on Monday morning.SHO, Division no 3, Maninder Bedi said they have registered a case against the said girl's maternal uncles. ''The accused are absconding. We are investigating the case,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366749", "title": "Cops in illicit relationship sacked", "text": "NAGPUR: A police constable and his lover, also a constable, booked for causing harassment to the constable's wife were sacked by police chief Ankush Dhanvijay on Monday.Middle-aged Dharmendra Pitale was posted at Gittikhadan police station and his lover was posted at the police head quarters. Police sources informed that Pitale was already suspended from the Gittikhadan police station.According to the police, since last two years Pitale was having an extramarital affair with the female cop. The female cop, also married, had left his husband. Last month, Pitale had arranged a rented room for her near his residence in Sakkardara.Police said that since then, Pitale and the female cop started harassing his wife and would beat her regularly. Initially, Pitale's wife tried to convince him. Later fed up of the torture she filed a police complaint at Sakkardara police station.Police has booked Pitale and the female cops for harassment and were arrested on April 26. When produced in the court next day, the magistrate freed them on bail and has ordered probe in the case.The couple's illicit relationship has almost tainted the police department and hence the senior cops took the decision of terminating the police couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13370227", "title": "BJP MLC's did nothing in education field, says JD(S)", "text": "MANGALORE: The JD(S) continued to upset the applecart of BJP nominees for upcoming elections to South West graduate's and teachers' constituencies. The JD(S) has pitted CM Panchaksharaiah and SL Bhoje Gowda against ruling the party nominees DH Shankaramurthy and Ganesh Karnik. \"The contribution of the BJP candidates in the field of education is nil,\" said Puttanna, former deputy chairman of the state legislative council.Addressing reporters on Monday, Puttanna said Shankaramurthy and Ganesh Karnik had paid only lip service to their voters in the past six years. \"They have failed to live up to expectations of the voters. The JD(S) is making renewed efforts to dislodge them from their posts. The voters - graduates and teachers - are an enlightened lot and will no longer fall prey to mere assurances of the BJP candidates,\" he said.Observing that nine out of 14 MLCs from the teachers and graduates constituencies in the state are from the BJP, he said their overall contribution to the cause of education was questionable. \"The BJP leaders are living on the past glory trying to claim credit for rapid strides taken in the education sector in Karnataka under the leadership of former CM HD Kumaraswamy ,\" he said.The other glaring failure of the state government on education front is the lack of preparedness to usher in the rashtriya madhyamik shiksha abhiyan, which introduces students to CBSE syllabus textbooks at fifth and eighth standard and for science students at the PUC level. The government had done nothing to augment teaching capacities of the teachers in this syllabus and most teachers had done their TCH training or BEd degrees 25 years ago, he said.\"Instead the government is promoting 'nalli kalli' where students do not have text books till third standard. They will have just a year's exposure to learning from textbooks in class IV before they face with a deluge of textbooks in the fifth standard.It is not possible for students from rural areas to make this adjustment to textbooks so quickly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366597", "title": "Door-to-door survey of LPG connections from June 1", "text": "NAGPUR: State government has ordered another door-to-door survey of LPG connections to find out people who are getting subsidized kerosene in spite of having a LPG connection. The three month long drive will start from June 1. Every district administration will have to submit its report to civil supplies ministry by September 5. Once the results of survey are tabulated by the government it would issue fresh guidelines for providing kerosene at subsidized rates.A civil supplies official told TOI that in last few years the number of LPG connections had increased sharply. \"However, the families having connections continue to obtain subsidized kerosene putting unnecessary burden on the government and depriving the eligible families. The state government had reduced the supply of kerosene by 23% in January 11 and then by another 24% in April 2012. This survey will help us curb illegal use of kerosene. Families, which have LPG connections, are prone to sell kerosene in black market as they do not have much use for it,\" he pointed out.The district administrations will have to go the homes of all ration card holders as on April 1, 2012 and check whether they have an LPG connection. \"The survey personnel will talk to the family members to find out the details. We will also take the help of oil marketing companies to get the names of connection holders,\" the official said.The civil supplies ministry has strictly asked district collectors not to take help of ration shop owners, kerosene vendors or any other outsider in the survey. It will have to be done only by civil supplies and revenue department employees.In case the district collector feels that the number of civil supplies and revenue staffers is inadequate for the survey then he can take the help of other departments to get additional staff. If necessary these staffers may be trained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "13372745", "title": "Two National Democratic Front of Boroland militants nabbed in Kokajhar", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: Security forces have nabbed two cadres of the Ranjan Daimary faction of National Democratic Front of Boroland (NDFB) in the Bongsidharma area of Kokajhar district on Monday.Personnel of Army's 15 Dogra Regiment and Kokrajhar Police carried out a joint operation in the area and apprehended the duo after a chase. However, another rebel managed to escape. The arrested cadres have been identified as Madan Narzary (26) of Auguri village in Chirang district and Haitha Basumatary (28) of Belguri village in Kokrajhar district. Madan is known to be a cadre belonging to 37th batch of the outfit and was trained in Myanmar . The security forces hope to get important information about the outfit's network in the new base in Myanmar.Two 9 mm automatic pistols, ammunition, 4 mobile sets, cash and some incriminating documents were recovered from the house where they had taken shelter. The documents show records of names of businessman and institutions they have been collecting money from. Kokrajhar SP Jitmol Doley said, \"Acting on the information about some NDFB rebels taking shelter in a house, we carried out the operation and have been able to catch the two militants. Though some of them, including the owner of the house has escaped, we hope to apprehend all of them very soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13370138", "title": "Visvesvaraya Technological University takes first measure to plug paper leaks", "text": "BELGAUM: Embracing technology in a big way and taking the first step in preventing question paper leaks, Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum, on Monday announced the introduction of online Question Paper Delivery System (QPDS) at all the 193 engineering colleges affiliated to the varsity, beginning with the semester examination in June-July 2012.At the meeting of principals of all engineering colleges at 'Jnana Sangama' campus here, vice-chancellor of VTU H Maheshappa said that an hour before the examination, separate Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and a secret key will be given to the principals of all colleges to enable them to download the question papers.To avoid technical glitches, alternative arrangements will be made through data-card and compact disks (CDs). The question paper will be destroyed once its is downloaded.The QPDS will be controlled by the registrar (evaluation), he said.VTU also proposes to adopt end-to-end solutAion in the examination process. \"In our proposed system, an enrolled candidate who wishes to appear for the university examinations should be able to fill his examination form online. The eligibility of the students will be ensured through the software, specifically designed for the same. The students can print their hall tickets through the software and appear for the examinations,\" Maheshappa explained.The varsity has already introduced online entry of internal assessments marks. They are uploaded to the server as and when finalized.A question bank would be created for the purpose of generating question papers. The question bank for each subject will be updated for every changed scheme.The question papers would be generated through an automated system under the control of Registrar (Evaluation) and supplied through the internet enabled software to every college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370861", "title": "Rakesh Bahadur gets additional charge of Greater Noida, e-way", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Monday gave additional charge of Greater Noida Development Authority and Yamuna Expressway Authority to 1979 batch controversial IAS officer Rakesh Bahadur. Apart from holding charge as the chief executive of NOIDA, Bahadur will now virtually head all pending development projects in west UP.Orders were also issued to divest senior IAS officer Rajeev Kapoor of the additional charge of principal secretary, energy. Industrial and infrastructure development commissioner Anil Gupta will now also hold charge as principal secretary power. Kapoor, meanwhile, will continue to hold the agriculture and agri-education portfolios.Monday's decision has put Bahadur and Gupta among state's most powerful babus. Whisper campaigns running wild also suggested this was similar to the power centres created by the Maya government, where a few top bureaucrats controlled much of the decision-making process.Bahadur's return to prominence began on May 4 when he was appointed chairman of the Noida authority. Considered close to Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav , Bahadur held the same post during the previous SP regime. The senior bureaucrat was also known to share close ties with former SP general secretary Amar Singh , who was later ousted from the party ranks.Bahadur first came in the public eye in 2007 after former chief minister Mayawati suspended him in August 2009 for alleged involvement in the allotment of land earmarked for the construction of five-star hotels in Noida, ahead of the Commonwealth Games. According to the BSP government, Bahadur was the signatory authority for the irregular allotment of 14 plots of land in Noida in 2006.The Noida Authority had allotted the plots to hotels at the rate of Rs 7,400 per square metre, when the market rate was pegged at Rs 1.69 lakh per sq mt. According to two PILs filed in the Allahabad high court, Bahadur was also charged with having approved the allotments without a formal tendering process. This, the former government said, caused a loss of Rs 4,721.14 crore to the state exchequer.Subsequently, Mayawati ordered the registration of criminal cases against Bahadur. In May 2010, the Enforcement Directorate also registered a case of money-laundering and issued a notice to him. In August 2010, Bahadur was among the 15 officials against whom chargesheets were served. Mayawati government on August 3, 2007, cancelled the allotments of the 14 plots. Charges of corruption by the Enforcement Directorate against Bahadur are still pending.The cancellation order was, however, challenged in the Allahabad high court, which quashed it and asked the government to give the allottees a personal hearing before passing the order. The government again cancelled the allotments after hearings. Bahadur remained under suspension from August 2009. After his reinstatement in 2011, he was attached to the Board of Revenue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368834", "title": "House panel asks railways to frame policy on giving jobs to accident victims\u2019 kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel called the railways' policy on providing jobs to dependents of train accident victims faulty and recommended immediate formulation of specific guidelines to deal with such cases.While there were 638 train mishap casualties during April 2007 to March 2010, only 48 dependents were given employment, the standing committee on railways said.The rules provide for giving compensation to dependents of those who have lost their lives in train mishaps.However, the panel found that employment to dependents of victims of train accidents was provided as a humanitarian measure only in cases where announcement to this effect was made by the railway minister.The committee also found pleas for 20 such cases were either not received by the authorities concerned or were rejected or claimant showed unwillingness.Taking note of the constant allegation of malpractices and irregularities against Railway Recruitment Boards (RRB), the committee suggested regular monitoring of the recruitment system. \"Railway ministry should review their recruitment system at fixed intervals of time in order to strengthen the recruitment system and making it fault free,\" the panel recommended.The scarcity of packaged water in long distance trains and unsealed water bottles at railway stations too attracted the panel's attention.Expressing concern over the unavailability of safe drinking water at stations and trains, the committee asked the railways to take effective steps to ensure safe potable water to passengers.Taking note of the existence of unauthorized vending in trains and stations, the committee said unauthorized vending not only caused loss of revenue to railways but also posed a health hazard for passengers.The panel found that at most stations, normal tap water stored in tanks was used for drinking purposes. \"Supply of water bottles without labels of manufacturing and expiry dates and even unsealed water bottles were also found,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13367600", "title": "Teenaged tribal girl falls into near-dry well, sustains injuries", "text": "THANE: Yet another tribal girl sustained injuries after falling into a near-dry drinking water well in Dhamanseth village in Mokhada on Monday, exposing the state government's claims of having provided water tanks to drought-hit villages.Sonali Ananta Gaare (17) suffered injuries to her head and hands after falling into the 20-ft well. Locals said the girl was climbing down into the well with a bucket to fetch water, when she slipped and fell. \"As the water level had dipped low, villagers are compelled to climb down with a vessel in hand. Sonali was climbing down the well when she slipped,\" said her brother Santosh.Sonali has been rushed to the rural hospital in Mokhada and is undergoing treatment for her injuries.This is a third such incident in the last two weeks where a tribal girl has hurt herself in an attempt to draw water. State agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil said tanks would be provided to the villages here. However, most villages in Dhamanseth gram panchayat claim that no tanks have been provided by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "10957961", "title": "Love in the time of SMS", "text": "When you're in bed with your partner, it's time to turn off the gadgets and tune into your relationship.But more often than not, you will find yourself fidgeting with your cellphone, TV remote or music player instead of catching up with your partner at the end of a long and tedious day. Technology has taken over our personal lives more than we can imagine. Unfortunately, the gadgets that were meant to help people connect and bring them together have now become the sole reason for driving them apart.Imagine a calm evening just meant for your family being suddenly disrupted by inane messages from colleagues who have nothing better to do. \"What gadgets have done is diminish the boundaries of personal space. You may leave the office physically, but you can be reached anytime by anyone. So you do not actually ever leave your workspace. It's always on your mind. You may be discussing something very personal with your girlfriend when your phone goes off, telling you about some random friend request. Technology can be a huge relationship killer,\" says psychologist Harish Shetty.Often, a small tiff may turn into an ugly fight that might even lead to a breakup, simply because the conversation between couples is not verbal, but through text messages. An extra exclamation mark may be misinterpreted as anger or a sign of disrespect.Couples often bring their work back home. You may be sitting together on your bed, but intimacy will be the last thing on your mind. Both of you may be staring at your own laptops thinking about the next day's work. \"Excessive connectivity kills the present moment,\" adds Dr Shetty. \"And by the time a couple realizes the problem, they have already been driven apart. They are engrossed in their own virtual world, not realizing that the real picture may not be as hunky-dory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13373277", "title": "Mumbai's Arya Gandhi wins Rookie Cup", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai lad Arya Gandhi (206) of Rayo Racing pipped Surya Raguram of Meco Racing from Chennai by a single point (205) to emerge the Junior Max champion in the JK Tyre-MMS Rookie Cup karting championship, in Hyderabad, on Sunday.Having led Raguram by a point after the three races on Saturday, Gandhi finished third in Sunday's opening race, which was won by Raguram.However, he came back strongly to win the last race which saw Raguram finish third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13369550", "title": "Man who never left his dream", "text": "AHMEDABAD: What would you expect from a man who would don khaki at a young age to make ends meet after educational qualification of SSC? Few would study further after buckling under pressure of job and fewer would doggedly pursue dream and earn PhD after slew of research activities. P G Nambiar, a police sub-inspector, thus is a rare example.\"I came from Kerala to Gujarat in search of a job and got enrolled in police as a constable. After spending 14 years in police wireless department, I got posted in state Intelligence Bureau (IB). It was a turning point as from here on my superiors noticed my education and zeal to make a difference. I was then posted as a researcher in the Police Research Center (PRC) of CID (Crime) 10 years back,\" says Nambiar.Along with his job, he pursued his studies and secured BA, MA and MPhil. He earned his doctorate on the basis of his thesis on policewomen in Gujarat in 1999. He played key role in establishment of bomb detection and disposal squads (BDDS) in cities like Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Surat and Rajkot.\"When I conducted a classified study on terrorism in the state, Islamic terrorism was in a nascent stage in the country. The subject fascinated me and since then, I have kept on accumulating my knowledge of the subject. I am working on a book titled 'Two faces of Islam: Peace and Violence' at the moment,\" he says. Talking about his dream, he says that he wants to meet Ayman al-Zawahiri , the al-Qaida chief, and tell him that essence of Islam speaks of love and peace.A President's Medal recipient, he has presented seven papers in regional and national seminars. Currently, he is working on a study 'Violence in Gujarat Police'. He is happy that now more and more qualified youths are joining police force. \"Appropriate tapping of their talent would certainly enhance the efficiency of our organization,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13371045", "title": "Patna district civic bodies' election today", "text": "PATNA: The Patna district administration has geared up for elections to six Nagar Parishads and three Nagar Panchayats in Patna district on Tuesday.Polling would also be held for ward number 39 of the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) the same day. Repolling for eight booths of ward number 33, 60 and 68 of PMC would also be held on Tuesday. Polling to these booths was cancelled on May 17 due to alleged electoral malpractices.The district administration has made elaborate arrangements for the election. In-charge DM Manoj Kumar said the district administration has identified the supersensitive and sensitive booths out of the 396 polling stations of the Nagar Panchayats and Nagar Parishads. The polling would be held in 262 buildings, where armed forces comprising of district police and Bihar Military Police jawans would be deployed.\"Vehicular traffic will be restricted and diverted at the important intersections in and around the areas going to the polls. Security personnel will also check vehicles to thwart any untoward incidents,\" said Manoj Kumar.The candidates would not be allowed to provide any vehicle to the voters to reach the polling stations. No commercial vehicle would be allowed within a specified radius of the polling stations. Movement of commercial vehicles would be restricted from 7am to 4pm in the areas concerned. Private vehicles too would be stopped half-a-kilometre away from the polling stations, he said.Kumar stated that security personnel would be deployed at all polling booths. There are many polling booths where both the number of voters and contestants are high, requiring vigilance by security personnel.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said any candidate found violating the model code of conduct would be liable for prosecution under the various sections of Indian Penal Code (IPC). Prohibitory orders would be enforced near the booths and adjoining areas on Tuesday.Meanwhile, Prabha Devi was declared winner from ward number 23 of the PMC on Monday. The counting of booth number 3 of the ward was stopped on May 19 due to technical fault in the EVM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13373002", "title": "HC notice to Centre over plea for free air travel to freedom fighters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Taking cognizance of a PIL seeking quashing of orders of MHA, declining to grant free air travel or air travel at concessional rates to freedom fighters and their spouses, a division bench of Punjab and Haryana high court, comprising acting Chief Justice M M Kumar and Justice Alok Singh, issued notices to Union ministries of home affairs and civil aviation on Monday.Petitioner H C Arora, advocate, had sought directions to quash the orders of July 27 last year, issued by MHA, declining to grant free air travel, or even air travel with 75% concession to freedom fighters and their spouses, as is being extended to war widows and war heroes/gallantry award winners/handicapped/injured soldiers.The MHA had informed the petitioner that already the Central government was burdened with Rs 780 crore annually on account of pension being given to 53,000 freedom fighters and their dependants. Besides, Rs 30 crore annually was being spent by Union railway ministry in extending free travel facility to freedom fighters in Shatabdi/Rajdhani trains. Free air travel facility or even 75% concession in airfare for traveling in government-owned airlines would cost a huge amount to the government. Thus, the Union home ministry was not in favour of granting the aforesaid relief to surviving freedom fighters and their spouses, the MHA order had said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13366729", "title": "Ranthambore reserve blessed with another cub", "text": "JAIPUR: After two new tiger cubs were spotted in the month of April, the wildlife authorities in Ranthambore were elated after they found T-39 with a cub on Monday. With this, the number of cubs born in the last 10 months has gone up to 21.The total number of tigers in the park has now gone up to 47 which include 26 adults (12 males and 14 females) and 21 cubs, according to the wildlife authorities at the Ranthambore National Park.On Monday, some forest guards spotted T-39 with a cub in the Sulanpur area. Initially, it was not known if the cub belonged to tigress T-39. When TOI contacted Y K Sahoo, field director of the park, he said, \"Yes, T-39 was spotted with a cub. There is a possibility of a second cub as tigresses are known to give birth two cubs.\"Sahoo added, \"The age of the cub appears to be around three months.\"The wildlife authorities have also said that T-17 tigress in the park is also pregnant as judged by her behavioural changes. \"Her behaviour shows that she too has delivered recently. Usually, a tigress hides her cub for three months, so we will have to wait for three months for confirmation,\" said an official.Some of the wildlife enthusiasts including state tourism and environment minister Bina Kak have shared pictures of T-39 with a cub and many tiger lovers have expressed happiness.\"Even T-17 seems to have delivered recently. Fingers crossed,\" said a wildlife lover. Wildlife enthusiasts attributed the birth of new cub to the rehabilitation of villagers from the core tiger habitat. \"It is the result of efforts made by the wildlife authorities and those working for tiger protection,\" said Dharmendra Khandal, conservation biologist at Tiger Watch, an NGO at Ranthambore.Similarly, the experts also said that now the state government should expedite the work of extension of core critical habitat for tigers from the existing 392 sq km to 1,100 sq km.\"The work of evacuation of the villagers and their rehabilitation need to be done in a proper way. Villagers should be taken in confidence,\" said a tiger conservationist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374405", "title": "Old school buses can run, but with some riders", "text": "NASHIK: As per a new resolution issued by it, the state government has permitted 18-year-old school buses to ply till April 30, 2013. \"The Bus Owners' Association had approached the Bombay high court following an amendment in the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles Act, where the maximum age for school buses had been made 15 years outside Mumbai and eight years within Mumbai limits,\" said Jayant Patil, assistant regional transport officer (RTO), confirming the decision to let school buses up to 18 years of age to ply for another academic year, that is, till April 30, 2013.\"After the association approached the high court, the government published draft rules to amend the existing rules. Accordingly, it has been decided that from May 1, 2013, only school buses that are 15-year-old will be permitted to ply, albeit with the required modifications carried out.The RTO has observed that a majority of the 25 rules mentioned in the Act for school buses are not being followed, including important ones like grills for windows, first-aid kits, fire extinguishers and proper seats. The RTO also noticed that buses more than 15 years of age were being used. According to the new amendment, if after April 30, 2013, 18-year-old buses are seen on city roads, strict action would be taken by the RTO.Parents of school-going children can take heart due to the fact that most city schools have started acquiring new buses and revamping existing ones to fulfill the norms mentioned under the Maharashtra Motor Vehicles Regulation of School Buses Rules 2011. Earlier this year, the RTO had declared a school bus in Nashik unfit for use and impounded it. Following this, the RTO had issued notices to schools asking for compliance with the rules. \"The school bus being used by Fravashi Academy was more than 15 years old. According to the school bus regulation Act, buses that are 15 years old can't be used. There are around 20-25 conditions in the Act that the school buses have to comply with. We had already sent letters to school authorities and in February had also issued notices to them,\" said regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal.He said that there are 360 buses in the district and that by February-March this year, owners of 153 buses complied with the rules. \"After summer, we are expecting 100% compliance,\" said Kharatmal. Nets or wire mesh in the windows, fire extinguishers, proper seats, first aid kits and double doors are some of the important norms that school buses need to comply with.Not much action has been taken against school buses because there are limitations in impounding the buses as this directly affects the children. The RTO said that of 360 buses, 80 are less than one year old and few are more than 15 years old. \"In Nashik, the maximum number of buses are owned by schools and very few by contractors,\" he said.Replacing buses is not easy, say principalsRitu Agrawal, director of Wisdom High School, said school buses are run on contract basis but are parked on the school premises. \"The buses operate under our supervision. We are happy with the new decision of safe school buses. A year back, RTO officials had given a list of norms to all schools. Since then, schools have carried out modifications on all buses,\" she said. \"We made the changes immediately. We changed the colour of our buses from white to yellow and made place for bags,\" she added.The authorities of Ashoka Universal School said their buses were managed in-house and all precautions were taken to follow the norms set by the government. \"We own our buses. It is the policy of our management that as the number of students increase we purchase the buses and that too only new ones. The directions of the RTO regarding the norms are a welcome move,\" said Kumudini Bangera, headmistress of Horizon Academy.Authorities from the Ryan Group of Institutions, which has three schools in the city - St Francis High School, Tidke Colony, St Francis High School, Rane Nagar, and Ryan International School - said their buses were being used on contract basis but maintenance and safety norms were being observed by the schools. \"The buses are fine except for some changes that we need to make. This summer, we will be taking care of double doors and other minor things in some buses,\" authorities said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13374668", "title": "Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya: Poor response on Day 1", "text": "INDORE: The online admission process of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) meant for undergraduate courses received poor response on account of low student turnout on the Day 1 of the online registration on Monday. Students appeared to prefer wait as results of class XII board examination have yet to be announced.The online registration for the next academic session in government and private colleges began on Monday. The process would continue till June 10. Students can download application form from the official website of the higher education department. The department has also uploaded a format.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13381642", "title": "Suki Kaila brings to you 'Wang'", "text": "As one of the original founding members of the band Sahara, Suki Kaila is certainly no stranger to the music scene. After performing as keyboard player and being a producer for Sahara, Suki Kaila then went on to produce tracks for a variety of other artists in the UK and India for the following ten years.Now he is back with the talented DV8 bringing you 'Wang' and introducing the powerful vocals of Punjabi singer Gulshan Meer, a talented Ustaad who now has his chance to shine with the lyrics so beautifully written by Tony G from Kandola. This bhangra love song with its dominant dance beat has been produced by the combined talents of Suki Kaila and the renowned Kam Frantic; both also are to be credited for the fantastic music and composition.This bhangra song is essentially a love song focussing on a pretty Punjabi girl who can drive the boys wild, especially when jangling her bracelets. The video brings us a modern day club location which has us hooked from start to finish with the vibrant and colourful traditional clothes worn by the enthusiastic dancers, a gorgeous model and Suki Kaila showing us his skills on the decks. This track is definitely going to be a track which will be played at every wedding this year to get you on the dance floor.And after this has whet your appetite for DV8 you have so much more to look forward to with the follow-up single ready and many more on the way. Their forthcoming album will release in early 2013 showcasing the talents of Jyoti Meer, Pritpal Rayat, Amar Arshi, Sukhi Lalli, KS Kooner, K Bains and many more. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13373780", "title": "Deokar among 90 accused to be arrested", "text": "Deokar is among the 90-odd accused persons, including former housing minister and senior Shiv Sena legislator Sureshdada Jain, who have been arrested by the Jalgaon police. While Jain has been granted interim bail owing to his ill-health, most of the former councillors have been released on bail.The Rs 46-crore scam dates back to 1997, when the Jalgaon Municipal Council controlled by Sureshdada Jain, had floated tenders for construction of 11,000 affordable houses in the city, despite the fact that construction of houses was not the mandate of the JMC. It was found that while 11 builders had submitted tenders, the JMC at the last moment amended basic tender conditions. As a result, only two construction companies, Khandesh Builders, again a front company of Jain, and Golani Developers remained in the fray. For technical reasons, Golani's tender was rejected and only Khandesh Builders remained in the fray.Subsequently, when it was found that massive loan secured from the housing and urban development corporation was illegally transferred in the name of the firms controlled by Jain, leader of opposition Eknath Khadse had lodged a complaint demanding a high-level probe into the scam.After prolonged investigations, the then chief executive officer of the JMC, Pravin Gedam, on February 3, 2006 lodged a first information report against 90 councillors, who were the members of JMC between 1995 and 2006. When the actual contract was granted, Deokar was the chairman of JMC. Gedam found that of the 11 sites selected for the project, five did not belong to JMC, while on the remaining four sites, there was reservation for play ground, hospital or primary school. Above all, Gedam found that there was gross misuse of the Rs 22 crore mobilization advance given to Khandesh Builders. More shocking was the fact that for obvious political reasons, there was no progress in the criminal complaint lodged by Gedam.It gathered momentum only after Ishu Sindhu took over as additional SP of Jalgaon. On March 11 this year, Sindhu arrested the all-powerful politician Jain, while on Monday, Deokar was arrested. \"We argued our case well, we submitted comprehensive statement, saying if Deokar is released, he will pressurize witnesses, as a result, our case will become weak. Court did not accept our plea,\" Sindhu said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370615", "title": "Junior research fellowship qualified candidates to take test for PhD admission", "text": "LUCKNOW: Pursuing Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) from Lucknow University is getting tougher. Though the university gives direct admission to Junior Research Fellowship (JRF) candidates, it is likely that they will have to take the entrance test in subjects which have fewer seats.For instance, subjects such as journalism and mass communication, philosophy, political science, Sanskrit, biochemistry, tourism, library science, linguistics, defence studies, Persian, public administration, anthropology, Urdu, Jyotir Vigyan and others have less seats. As seen last year, these subjects had received applications more than the available number of seats.\"It is likely that this year too, we will have to conduct entrance examinations for admission to PhD for JRF candidates in case the number of applications exceeds that of seats,'' said an official involved with the admissions.Other university officials believe that PhD for non-JRF candidates would now be a distant dream. \"With fewer seats and a common entrance test for PhD to be held this year, the chances for non-JRF candidates have reduced,'' said a university professor.LU opened its online window for admissions to PhD on Monday. The last date for filling the applications is June 5. The entrance exam for JRF candidates is scheduled on June 17. For non-JRF candidates, the online window will open on July 21 and close on August 8. The entrance test, if required, will be held on August 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13374742", "title": "Special secretary inspects LLR Hospital, announces steps to improve services", "text": "KANPUR: The patients of Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital may get some respite from the often whimsical approach of the junior doctors posted in the Emergency as the special secretary (medical) has ordered a senior doctor to be present in the Emergency for 24 hours in addition to the Emergency Medical Officer (EMO). During an official visit of the LLR Hospital on Monday, the special secretary assured all government help in improving the facilities at the hospital at the earliest.Special secretary (medical), Ram Mohan, first took round of the Outpatient department of the hospital and interacted with the patients and their kin. Mohan then visited the primary ICU of LLR including, the TB Centre, Surgery department and Medicine ward. He also visited the kitchen of the LLR and assured for proper food to all the patients. He also pointed out the problem of insufficient water in the hospital, lead to long queues of patients and attendants near the water coolers.The official, during his surprise visit, found that the LLR Hospital and its associated hospitals are facing a severe shortage of paramedical staff. Various posts of radiologist, pathologist and anaesthesiologist were lying vacant in LLR Hospital, Upper India Sugar Exchange 'Jaccha-Baccha' Hospital, Morari Lal Chest Hospital and Bal Rog Hospital. Similar shortage of class IV employees, nurses and ward boys was also brought to the notice of hospital authorities.When the official was apprised about the recent clash of junior doctors with attendants and junior staff, he ordered a probe into the matter. He also ordered the Chief Medical Superintendant (CMS) to ensure that one senior doctor is present in the Emergency round the clock to avoid such incidents.The special secretary was also apprised about the poor condition of wards by the administrative staff of the LLR Hospital. Explaining the situation, Dr Anand Swaroop, Principal, Ganesh Shanker Vidyarthi Memorial Medical College, apprised him about the shortage of paramedical and class IV staff which was leading to the difficulties.Importantly, while there are a total of 1,615 beds in the LLR Hospital, the number of nurses is only 167. This means one nurse is working for 10 beds. Similar is the situation with administrative staff where 14 administrative posts are vacant at the LLR Hospital, including the post of Superintendant in Chief.The availability of medical officers is only 50% of the requirement. Similarly, seven posts of Emergency Medical Officers (EMO) are lying vacant.The special secretary later promised appointment of new doctors as well as 900 paramedical staff. He said that the fund for medicines in LLR Hospital, which is presently Rs 4 crore, would be to enhanced to Rs 25 crore per annum. It was informed that a proposal for new beds was also in the pipeline. Constructing the main gate of LLR Hospital towards GT Road has also been proposed by the authorities so that patients may not face traffic snarls at Narendra Mohan setu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13383467", "title": "Tamil Nadu remembers Rajiv Gandhi", "text": "CHENNAI: Former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi was remembered across Tamil Nadu today on his 21st death anniversary.State Governor K Rosiah administered the Anti-terrorism pledge to government staff at Udagamandalam while Assembly Speaker D Jayakumar did the same at the Secretariat here.Rajiv Gandhi was remembered by Congressmen at Sriperumbudur, where he was assassinated by an LTTE suicide bomber during an election rally 21 years ago.TNCC President B S Gnanadesikan, MP, and Union Minister of State for Railways K H Muniappa were among those who paid homage to Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13387273", "title": "Jassi Singh set to release 'Haters'", "text": "Punjabi Rapper Jassi Singh from Queens New York is set to release his new single titled 'Haters' on E3NA Records.The new single touches on the hostile subject of 'Haters'. There's always somebody,no matter how well you think you're doing, there's always someone who's trying to put you down. We all have them.The single 'Haters' sees Jassi Singh highlight his love of hip hop and Punjabi music on parallel levels, embarking on a lyrical quest to take on the haters in the music industry!Jassi Singh has been busy over the last few months writing for some of the biggest acts in the scene, penning the critically acclaimed 'Rangeeleh' by Gupsy Aujla &amp; Saini Surinder. The industry will also see several more songs written by Jassi Singh in the coming months.The dialogues and lyrics of 'Haters' have all been formed from his own experiences; from feelings in his heart to events that he has lived through and his surrounding atmosphere. This experience is something we all can relate to.\"Iss duniya de vich lok matlabi..miley changey v ne kayi miley galat v..uth janda aitbaar inna loka utho jad kar jande vaar ehe pith pisho..gallan mitiya de naal pela thagde ne..fer leh k sahara aggey vad de ne..muh te mithey par andro ta sarde c..bara paji paji pela saleh karde c\" Lyrics taken from the forthcoming single 'Haters'Jassi's hard-hitting lyrics are balanced by a classic hip-hop beat and guest appearance from fellow rapper Lance Hayes. 'Haters' features production from producer Soni Paul who has worked on Jassi Singh's debut single 'Dreams'. Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13374408", "title": "Indore schools dump traditional teaching system, turn digital", "text": "INDORE: With tremendous technological advancements, no field has remained untapped and advent of technology in the education sector has brought about a change in conventional classroom teachings in several cities. From traditional 'chalk and board' teaching methods, schools moved to digital teaching.Many schools in the city have already gone in for the digital initiative called the smart class programme - a comprehensive system enhancing learning among students through simple use of technology. Digital boards have been installed in every classroom to utilise technology as a support system for both students and teachers.With a variety of subject modules available in these digital boards, many teachers feel more technically equipped. Asma Ansari, HOD-economics, Daly College, says, \"Reference material available in digital boards explains important concepts to students in a highly interactive and elucidative way. Moreover, this gives us ample time to devise new course-related activities.\"With diagrams available online, teaching has been revolutionized.Sunila Bajaj, head mistress, Delhi Public School, says \"Smart classes have added a new dimension of learning for both students and teachers. Visualisation of concepts through experiments has helped students learn the concept better and retain them.\"Interestingly, students also get relevant subject modules such as videos, animated clips, interactive virtual lab tools and 2D, 3D multimedia modules. Namrata Ramakrishnan, senior vice-principal, Shishukunj International School, opines \"Subject modules consist of animated videos, which help students visualise the actual process better. For instance, students can easily understand the lifecycle of a butterfly by watching recorded videos. Along with digital boards, teachers also make use of traditional classroom teaching method for increased student-teacher interaction.''The smart class curriculum unfolds from kindergarten to Class XII covering subjects like history mathematics, social studies, science, English, EVS, physics, chemistry, biology, geography, economics and business studies.Parents too strongly believe that smart class programme has helped students learn vital concepts and not merely mug them up.Jyotsna Jain, mother of a Class X student, says \"Understanding concepts visually has been beneficial for my child. Videos of chemistry practical experiments have helped him perform the actual experiments in the laboratory better. And now he feels confident with the subject.\"\"Along with understanding concepts better, smart class videos has helped my child relate them to real life instances and their practical usage, which is indeed impressive,'' says Shobha Agrawal, another parent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13372270", "title": "Rain might soften panchayat stance", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The impending monsoon may force Vilappilsala panchayat to soften its stand towards at least one of the few pending demands of the corporation.The panchayat is most likely to let the corporation undertake sanitary land-fill and process the waste accumulated for more than six months on the factory premises.Although the panchayat representatives made it clear at the mediation committee meeting held here on Monday that they cannot agree to the demands of corporation unless it submits a written assurance that no more waste will be transported to Vilappilsala, sources in the panchayat have hinted at giving a positive nod on sanitary land fill.\"We are well aware of the potential health threat of having huge heaps of rejects on the factory premises during rainy season. If left unburied, the garbage could pose serious health hazards to the residents of Vilappilsala,\" said a panchayat official. The Vilappilsala panchayat will convene an emergency all-party meeting this week to gauge public opinion on the same regard. \"It would not be easy to convince the public. But since this could affect the entire village population, we would try to force out a positive decision,\" the official added.Waste heaps had not been processed since December when the plant was shut down. The garbage heaps used to be turned over once in two weeks for processing and then the rejects would be buried using sanitary land fill. With the onset of monsoon, the rejects and accumulated heaps will start rotting making it almost difficult either for processing or sanitary land-fill.However, the panchayat will stand by its decision not to allow any kind of construction works at the garbage factory. In addition to sanitary land-fill, the corporation had also demanded that the panchayat allow the transportation of fertilizers from factory and completion of the leachate treatment plant.\"We are being a bit lenient on sanitary land fill because it is a matter of public health. However, the panchayat won't allow any more construction activities at the factory. That is why we have clearly asked for a written assurance from the corporation,\" said another panchayat representative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368447", "title": "Common entrance test: Over 1 lakh aspirants appear for exam", "text": "BANGALORE: After a delay of over 20 days, the Common Entrance Test (CET) finally kicked off on Monday with 1,20,945 appearing for the test. While biology seemed to be a cakewalk for most of the students, maths was of an average difficulty level.Most of the questions in biology were straight forward and memory-based. An average student could answer more than 50 questions out of 60, analysts said. While there were as many as 19 questions from I PU, almost all the second PU topics were covered as well. While one question could have had two answers, there was a spelling mistake in another question, they pointed out.Around 90,169 students appeared for biology. Also, 11,6324 students took the mathematics paper. Physics and Chemistry exams will be held on Tuesday. Abhishek GJ, a student from Vidya Mandir PU College, said: ''Anybody could get 50 questions right easily. It was on those predictable lines even though there were no repeats from previous year's question paper.''As for mathematics, half of the paper consisted of moderate questions. 10% could be answered by above average students and around 10-12 questions were time consuming. But all were well within the portions and on similar lines as that of the previous year. A student who would have prepared rigorously could complete around 55 questions, experts said. \"The paper was lengthy, I could not manage to complete. But all were within the portions,\" said Anupama BS from Mount Carmel College.CET was postponed from May 3 and 4 following a series of unprecedented events like the PU question paper leak and the lecturers' strike. Most of the students wanted it to just finish it off after having waited for an additional 20 days. \"We were so bored. We could not study all these days. Neither could we enjoy. We are glad that it's finally off our minds,\" said Ramya R from Andhra Pradesh.The exam was conducted in 248 centres, out of which 60 were in Bangalore. One case of impersonation was reported from Udupi.S Ramdas, minister for medical education who visited Government Boys PU College, Malleswaram, said the government will appeal to the Supreme Court to allow a special round of counselling to accommodate the surrendered seats of all-India quota. \"Usually the surrendered seats come to Karnataka Examination Authority even after the second round of counselling. This results in the seats lying vacant,'' he said.This time, around 150 more government medical seats can be expected for undergraduation. The exact figures are yet to be received after approval from the Medical Council of India. This may be the last time that the state is conducting the entrance test as the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test will replace it from next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374225", "title": "Loss of 25k in Satpur fire", "text": "NASHIK: A fire broke out at a small chawl on the Satpur-Ambad Link Road, opposite the papaya nursery on Monday at around 8pm. Fire brigade officials said informed that the fire was brought in control within half an hour, and there was no loss to life, but loss to property worth around Rs 25,000.The chawl is was situated on an open plot in front of the Papaya nursery.Residents in the area said that a developer was about to demolish the chawl within a day or twothat the incident occurred. An elderly person who resided in one of the rooms of the chawl had lit a lamp inside the room before going outside. Clothes hung in the room, fell on the lamp that set off the fire. some clothes hung in the room fell on the diya, that led to the fire incident.Immediately after the flames were sighted, locals nearby called the fire brigade.Four fire tenders were pressed into service to bring the fire under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370909", "title": "Falling rupee adds to the woes of students abroad", "text": "LUCKNOW: The sharp dip in the value of Indian rupee against the dollar has made foreign education expensive. Students who are pursuing higher education abroad are bearing the brunt. Not only fee, the cost of living along with other daily expenses is also going up.Pursuing Master in Business Administration (MBA) from University of North Alabama, United States , Yatish Tandon said, \"Studying abroad is taking its toll on middle-class families. The expenses are shooting through the roof and now the falling rupee against dollar has made things worse for the students.\"Yatish has completed his first year. The course fee is $8064. Last year when he took admission, the rate of dollar was Rs 46. Accordingly, his total fee accounted to Rs 3,70,944. However, with the rate of dollar against rupee rising to 54.5, he will now have to pay Rs 4,51,584, which is a good Rs 80,640 more.Startled with the increase in expenses, Yatish's mother Neelam lamented, \"Apart from the hike in fee, we will have to bear additional expenses in terms of his stay and food too. Now since he has already completed a year, we don't have a choice. We will somehow bear the expenses.\"After the sharp depreciation in rupee value, students are thinking of ways to cut down on their expenses. Instead of buying books, they are downloading the study material and borrowing books from each other. \"We are taking up part-time jobs which at least help us in paying off our living and food expenses. We are also taking up internships,\" said Rajat Kulkarni, also studying in University of North Albama.Sharing his woes, Vaibhav Deshwal who is pursuing two-month internship at National Cheng Kung University (NCKU), Taiwan said, The rupee slump has added to my daily living expenses by nearly Rs 15,000.'' He explained that two months ago, the Indian rupee was worth 1.67 Taiwanese dollar. At present it is around 1.84 dollar. Since there is no direct way to convert Taiwanese dollar to Indian rupees, I had to buy USD from India and then convert it to Taiwanese dollars. That time, I paid around Rs 33,000 which as of now is more than nearly 40,000,'' said Vaibhav, who is a BTech student at IIT Guwahati.A city-based education consultant involved in sending students abroad said, \"Parents are definitely a worried lot with the rate of exchange going high. But those who have already made up their mind, manage the expenses somehow as they don't want to compromise over the quality of education. To others, we give them an alternative options like if a family is unable to afford a US university, we help them sorting out one in Germany or UK.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366274", "title": "Thakre justifies JNNURM's team meeting Muttemwar", "text": "NAGPUR: Leader of opposition in NMC Vikas Thakre has justified the Central team that had been to Nagpur to probe charges of irregularities and corruption in JNNURM projects also meeting city MP Vilas Muttemwar .Countering the charges of ruling party leader Pravin Datke, Thakre claimed that Nagpur Municipal Corporation had got huge funds from the central government under JNNURM because of city MP Vilas Muttemwar. On Saturday, Datke had objected to urban development ministry team going to Muttemwar's home during its two-day visit to the city.\"Muttemwar had every right to raise the issue of corruption involved in projects involving central government funds and the committee visited him to get the details,\" Thakre asserted. Besides, the city MP is also one of the members of central government's JNNURM committee and hence can visit any city across the country where JNNURM projects were being implemented.Without naming any one, Thakre asked how the team could meet the persons against whom charges of corruption and irregularities have been made in both 24X7 water supply project and procurement of 240 buses under JNNURM. He also blamed the civic administration for bad state of buses procured under JNNURM. \"Had the civic administration been serious, the maintenance of buses would have been better,\" he claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13373114", "title": "Shelatkar's 213 puts Matunga on top", "text": "MUMBAI: Matunga Centre's Prathamesh Shelatkar became the first batsman to score a double century when he hit 213 against Goregaon Centre, in the third round of Kalpesh Govind Koli Memorial cricket tournament (U-16).Shelatkar added 107 with Saurav Tendulkar (31) for the first wicket, and then 181 for the second with Sarfaraz Khan (88) to help his side declare at 454-6, in reply to Goregaon's 310. In another match, Chinchani-Tarapur beat Kandivali by an innings and 36 runs.Fivers for Mehrotra, HussainSpinners Shivam Mehrotra (5 for 50) of Tendulkar XI and Sharif Hussain (5 for 40) of Rajastahan CA put their teams in a commanding position in the last league match of the Varroc Cup U-14 selection cricket tournament, organized by Dilip Vengsarkar Foundation, in Mumbai.Patel guides ORRA to T20 titleKadir Patel slammed an unbeaten 84 to steer ORRAB/Arunkumar to a six-wicket win over Western Railway in the final of the Police Commissioner's Twenty20 Cup, on Sunday night. Chasing 178 for a win, ORRA reached the target in 17.4 overs, losing four wickets in the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13379030", "title": "I don't know if I shall work with RGV again: Sanjay Dutt", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma's Department, which crashed at the box office, has thrown into sharp focus the fissures that ran deep within the team.The gloves are off, and the stakeholders are indulging in a slug fest with Sanjay Dutt going to the extent of saying he doesn't want to ever join hands with RGV again. Speaking to us on Monday evening, Dutt said, \"Hits and flops are a part of the industry. But I really don't know if I shall work with Ramu again.\"Dharam Oberoi, CEO of Sanjay Dutt Productions, too said, \"I am sure that I don't want to work with Ramu on any other project in my life. We told Ramu so often those 5D cameras, which he used, are not apt to make a film but to no avail. Ramu just does not listen.\"Dutt seconded Oberoi saying, \"I have been in the industry for 32 years and I know which cameras are suitable and which are not. But ab kya karen? Jo ho gaya so ho gaya. But yes, I really don't know at this point of time if I want to work with Ramu again.\"RGV's reaction to the outrage was predictable: \"I don't know what they are thinking and neither do I care... but from my side, I don't want to see the faces of Sanjay Dutt and Dharam Oberoi for the rest of my life.\"Department has been panned by critics and audiences alike, despite the stellar cast comprising Amitabh Bachchan , Sanjay Dutt and Rana Dagubatti.A trade expert on request of anonymity told Mirror, \"The film has incurred severe losses from the time it released.\"There were reports that Dutt and Varma were at loggerheads throughout the making of the film however at that point in time, Dutt chose to remain silent. Even Oberoi had denied there were any problems. He had said: \" Department is going to mark Ramu's comeback to hardhitting films.\"But now, after the debacle, Oberoi is of a very different opinion. He said: \" Department would have been worse had it not been for a few scenes that were reshot at Dutt's insistence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13365747", "title": "Naxals release abducted sarpanches", "text": "NAGPUR: The Naxals of Tippagarh dalam have released the two village headmen, who they had abducted on Saturday evening from Murumgaon in Dhanora tehsil of Gadchiroli district last week, on the condition that they would vacate their posts by Thursday. The sarpanches have also been warned to stay away from such programmes.Murari Halami and Joharlal Ledia of Pannemara and Murumgaon, respectively, were whisked away by the Naxals along with Mehatarsingh Usendi, the former vice president of the Dhanora panchayat samiti. The duo drew attention from the Naxals after their photo clicked during a Central Reserve Police Force's civic action programme was published in the local media.Halami and Ledia were released by the Naxals around 10-km from Murumgaon early Monday morning. However, there's no news about Usendi who had to Murumgaon from Kulbhatti as the place had a police post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13370378", "title": "For the 1st time, class 12 students can get exam results from government website today", "text": "COIMBATORE: KA Suruthika, a twelfth standard student of GKD Matriculation Higher Secondary School near periyanaickenpalayam is one among thousands of students awaiting their plus two results expected to be announced on Tuesday morning. But unlike many, she claims that she is not tense but relaxed, hoping for the best tomorrow. Even though she found the physics paper a bit difficult, she does not seem to worry about results. This is the first time the government will announce the results online, instead of sending the results to the respective schools in the district.Ashwin Ramamoorthy is a bit tensed even though he is convinced that his sister, a student of Venkat Lakshmi Matriculation Higher Secondary School will score well in the exam. \"She wants to get admission on merit in one of the top colleges for B com and she is hoping to scores above the cut off for admission,\" he added.As many as 36,996 students, including 20561 girl students appeared for their plus two examinations from Coimbatore district. The district CEO said the results will be uploaded on the website of the Directorate of Government Examinations by 11 am on Tuesday.\"The results will be uploaded on four different government websites. Students and school authorities can log into the website to get their results,\" said T Rajendran, Chief Education Officer, Coimbatore.The results will be available on , , and from 11 am onwards. The home page of the site being processed at the Government Data Centre in Chennai is already up and running. However some school authorities and education department officials are worried that the site might crash with the simultaneous log-in attempts of a large number of students.\"It is a good initiative as it will save paper and helps in the modernization drive,\" said K Sathiyanarayanan, Principal, Mani Higher Secondary School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13372643", "title": "Manipur speaker promises support to HIV/AIDS patients", "text": "IMPHAL: Chairman of Manipur legislative forum on AIDS Th Lokeshwar Singh has assured that the forum will do whatever it can to fulfill the needs of people living with HIV and AIDS (PLWHA).Lokeshwar, who's also the speaker of Manipur legislative assembly, said the forum will support the battle against stigma and discrimination and ensure that the marginal communities are brought to the mainstream.Speaking as chief guest on the International AIDS Candlelight Memorial observation here on Sunday, he lauded the role played by HIV positive people and drug users in leading the struggle for protection of rights and decreasing the spread of the HIV epidemic.Manipur is one of the six states in the country with widespread prevalence of HIV/AIDS . According to the Manipur Aids Control Society (MACS), the state has 38,573 HIV positive people and 698 have died of the disease till March 2011. Till May 2001, 19,455 people have registered for Anti Retroviral Therapy.Drawing the attention of the MACS project director to the unfinished task of revising the state AIDS policy, legislator I Ibohanbi Singh said policies are a must for tackling issues like HIV and AIDS.\"The draft state AIDS policy needs to be tabled at the earliest and discussed threadbare so that our response to the epidemic is in tune with the needs of the community. We need commitment and the gap between NGOs implementing HIV-related programmes and MACS has to be bridged so that the need of vulnerable communities are addressed,\" he said.MACS project director Sailesh Kumar Chourasia said the event, based on the theme 'Promoting Health and Dignity Together', gave the people an opportunity to look at what they have achieved so far and, more importantly, chart out a future course of action to sustain the effort.Different departments need to come together if we want to respond to the epidemic in a holistic manner, he said.Sixteen civil society organizations, human rights groups, lawyers, drug users, nupi manbi (transgenders) and positive networks and NGOs in the state joined the observation.The memorial function kicked off on Saturday with a painting competition for children affected by HIV and AIDS. It will continue as a year-long state-level campaign for solidarity in fighting the epidemic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13381257", "title": "I don't make movies for critics, says RGV", "text": "Ram Gopal Varma lashes back at those who criticise his ways of experimenting with the filmmaking, style and concepts...Are you shocked by the scathing response to your new film Department?I expected negativity. When you do anything completely different from a beaten path many tend to pounce on you. When Oliver Stone made Natural Born Killers most reviewers said it was a piece of visual crap, exhibitionistic, etc which in the later years came to be recognized as a cult classic.The film is your most severely panned work since Ram Gopal Varma Ki Aag. What according to you went wrong?Some critics panning the film doesn't bother me because I didn't make the film for them. I sometimes think many reviewers write the reviews of my films even before they see them. Anyway,the norm of critics these days is to bury the baby even before its born and kill the mother for giving it birth. It's incredible to see the sadistic glee they derive in running me down on a personal level even more than they do in running down the film.Don't you think the criticism is largely justified?There's no such thing as justification as it is eventually just an opinion and as we all know everybody has one. In today's communication networks there are thousands of opinions all over and just because an individual is employed by a paper or a channel doesn't mean that he or she is holier than thou.Critics feels your recent works have lapsed into chaotic self-indulgence. Do you agree with that?I don't know what exactly chaotic self- indulgence is. Film eventually is a self-expression of a subject matter which a maker chooses to tell in a certain style and herein I chose a graphic pattern in terms of angles and movements which were intended to enhance the impact of the characters that I was dealing with.Department has been severely criticized for the freewheeling multiple camera technique that you have applied to the storytelling. In hindsight do you feel you overdid it?This camera technique is in use the world over and Department is not the first one to use it. A photographic image is a combination of the look of the location, lightning, costume, make-up, the look of the actor, etc. And any camera will only record whatever is kept in front of it. Then of course there are the features of lensing, angles, movement compatibility etc which would be used as per the requirement. In Department it's the rapid swish pans and some hitherto unseen movement perspectives which bothered some people. But the same were liked by lots of others.Most people that I've spoken to feel your best work were Satya, Rangeela , Company, Bhoot and Sarkar. And that the rest of the work that you've done has shown a downhill trend. Your comments?Apart from those films, they should remember that I have always done other films before and in middle of them too. Before Rangeela I made Drohi and after Rangeela I made Daud and after Daud I made Satya and after Satya I made Mast. The point I am trying to make is that whether people would chose to believe it or not I have always put the same passion in all my films, be it a Rangeela or a Daud. Now lot of people tell me that Daud was ahead of its times. But at the time it came out it was panned more than any of my films.Do you feel you've been over-prolific in recent years, concentrating on quantity rather than quality?I am tired of answering this question.The reason I make more films is, I work all the time without taking a break and I enjoy it. To answer your question on if I will give more quality if I take more time, my answer is that with least prep and almost no script I finished Satya in 45 days and with a prep of 1 year and more than 100 days, I shot Aag.What are the lessons that you've learnt from the devastating reactions to Department?I think I already answered this question. There are many who liked and many who didn't.How would the failure of Department impact your future projects,mainly 9/11.Would you reconsider the liberal use of what you call the rogue technique in future films?To start with I employed the rogue method only for Department and not for 26/11 or any other project. The unconventional usage of the cameras lensing and framing has already been done in Slumdog Millionaire, 127 hours and many others. Like I said, in Department it's the rapid movements which created the problem for some.Would you still go ahead with Ab Tak Chappan 2 which is again about encounter killings?A film is not made on a backdrop. It's made on characters and conflicts which are specific to each film.Department has also been criticized for its lack of a coherent plot. What do you think went wrong with the script?I don't believe that there is anything wrong with the script. I just attempted to do a realistic story with characters that intrigue and make you think rather than just spoon feed and I attempted to package that in a never-seen visual style. Many people got the point.Out of curiosity which is the nastiest comment you've heard on Department?So many nasty things have been said about me over the years that they stopped having any meaning for me.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13383256", "title": "Rupal Tyagi injures her tailbone", "text": "'Too much fun is not good for health!' warns Rupal Tyagi aka the very vivacious Gunjan of Zee TV's primetime show Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke.The girl who is synonymous with fun and mischief on the sets injured her tailbone recently while doing a promo shoot for the show in Varanasi. People who see the show swear by its buoyancy, bright and exuberant colors and the two young beautiful girls have made a mark with their cheerfulness. Rajesh Babbar, director of the show, says, \"Rupal is exactly like her character Gunjan in real life. She is always so full of life and does masti on the sets all the time. But unfortunately this time, the fun has really cost her health.\" For the promo shoot in Varanasi, Rupal had to ride a cycle rickshaw through the narrow lanes and climb down stairs. She had the option of using a duplicate but she insisted on doing the stunt all by herself.Ill fate stuck its ugly head and Rupal injured her tailbone. Down with excruciating pain, poor Gunjan was bedridden for few weeks before she could return to the sets with full gusto. \"Yes, I injured my tailbone very badly and my back has gone for a toss. It's been ten days since the accident and I still can't stand straight. When I am not shooting, I wear a special belt. I had to change my entire diet plan because the antibiotics made me put on a lot of weight. But none of these became a major roadblock because I am in love with my character. The production house and the channel has been very supportive and allowed me to take time off to take complete rest and recover,\" said the young Rupal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13369868", "title": "Drugs seized from Ponda arms dealers", "text": "PONDA: The case of sale of illegal arms and ammunition took a new twist on Monday when the Ponda police found that the accused arrested in the case were also involved in drug trafficking.The accused, Akhilesh Gupta, revealed on Monday that he was also dealing in drug trafficking.Based on this revelation, police seized 4,908 g of 'charas' worth 49,080 hidden at a closed house in Curti-Ponda on Monday evening, deputy superintendent of police Dinraj Govekar said. Police have added charges of drug trafficking under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act in addition to the Arms Act, 1959.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13369709", "title": "Kattimani trust to promote culture", "text": "BELGAUM: Kannada and culture department commissioner Manu Baligar on Sunday inaugurated the Basavaraj Kattimani Trust (BKT) here. About three months back, the state government had announced that the trust would be formed to preserve works of noted Kannada writer Basavaraj Kattimani and appointed research scholar M M Kalburgi as its president.Baligar advised BKT authorities to work for the development of Kannada literature and culture. Describing Kattimani as a revolutionary writer, Baligar said that the writer was against casteism and corruption and gave importance to healthy developments in societyHe said that the government had already established a Betageri Krishnasharma Pratisthan in the district. Both the trusts should work for the development of litterateur and cultural activities in north Karnataka region.Kalburgi said that the BKT would establish a library in the name of Kattimani where all Kannada novels and story books published in the past 100 years would be available under one roof. Besides, there will also be a museum where all scripts of Kattimani, letters, rare pictures and materials will be on display.Kattimani's biography 'Kadambarikarana Kathe' (Tale of a Novelist) and English version of his work 'Madi Madidavaru' (Do or Die) were released by poets Channaveera Kanavi and Jinadatta Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13382266", "title": "The Pope to watch Bhavna Talwar\u2019s Dharm", "text": "It's decidedly a first at the Vatican. On Tuesday May 22 the Pope Benedict XV1 and his colleagues at the Vatican City will be watching a Bollywood film,and that too a film that espouses the teachings of Hinduism and propagates the virtues of secularism by showing its rigid Hindu Pundit hero (Pankaj Kapoor) embracing an orphaned Muslim child as his own.The film is Bhavna Talwar's Dharm released in 2007. So what took the Vatican so long to wake up to Talwar's film's message on the one-ness of religion and human-kind?\"I don't know!\" says the stunned director who is now working on a bio-pic on Rajiv Gandhi. \"It was done by an Italian friend, a filmmaker named Franco la Cecla who's close to the Vatican. It was he who thought Dharm is a work that the Pope and the Vatican should see. I think it is the message of the one-ness of humanity which Franco thought would appeal to the Pope.\"On hearing about Dharm the Pope apparently showed a keen interest, and a print of the film has been sent to the Vatican following a tough travel plan that included going through the very rigid rules of entry into Vatican City. Says Bhavna, \"It wasn't easy getting my film to the Vatican City. But it's now all in place. The screening is scheduled for Tuesday.\"Regrettably Bhavna can't be physically present as she is down with a slipped disc and unable to move for the next one month.Says the director, \"It is sad. But I am immovable at a time when I would have liked to be present at this historic event. For me the most interesting aspect of this happening is the way the custodians of one religion have shown a keenness to appreciate art depicting another religion. Dharm is a very 'Hindu' film. But it also shows that every religion is essentially about tolerance and amity. I see no contradiction in the Pope watching Dharm. To be a small part of that movement towards a universal humanity makes me feel proud and humbled at the same time.\"The director and her producer-husband Sheetal Vinod Talwar now have plans to release an international version of Dharm in English after the Pope watches the film on Tuesday. We tried to contact Pankaj Kapoor for his reaction to this significant happening but he remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371577", "title": "Can we equate seniors and juniors, wonder musicians", "text": "KOLKATA: There is no doubt about it: Pandit Ravi Shankar has, with due respect to all concerned, declined to be bracketed with junior talents. So, instead of the announced 14 names, the conferring of the Banga Bibhushan samman - accompanied by a cash purse of Rs 2 lakh each - came to a halt at the count of 13.It isn't due to age or ill-health that Panditji wasn't at Netaji Indoor Stadium on Sunday. Neither was Tollywood legend Suchitra Sen there, so the honour was handed over to her daughter Moon Moon Sen and granddaughter Raima. And, if the roll call had stopped with her, the sitar maestro too would have accepted the honour in absentia.\"Kaka was very happy about it as he thought only these two names were being honoured,\" said his niece Mamata Shankar. \"But imagine me being given the same award as Birju Maharaj! It would belittle the dance maestro and embarrass me,\" maintained the actress fresh from Cannes where her father's 'Kalpana' was screened in the Classics section.The reasoning is pretty clear: \"Any top award is selectively conferred, by either the state, the national government or an international body like Nobel, for a person's contribution. When you bestow the same award on another person on the same stage, it would equate their contributions. Can we truthfully say the others' achievements are at par with Kaka's contribution to Indian music, and to enhancing the country's stature abroad?\" If not, it compromises the dignity and credibility of the award, she believes.Her mother Amala Shankar had received the honour initiated last year. Magsaysay winner Mahasweta Devi , actress Supriya Devi, singers Manna Dey , Sandhya Mukherjee and Dwijen Mukherjee, sarodist Amjad Ali Khan , actor Haradhan Bandyopadhyay and footballer Sailen Manna had shared the platform.Sarodist Buddhadev Dasgupta is in full agreement with Panditji. \"Traditionally in India, and more so in music, younger players do not share the same stage as a guru,\" says the 79-year-maestro who had declined the Padmashri in 2011 and honoured with Padma Bhushan this year. \"Besides, unlike the Padma awards, Bharat Ratna is the nation's highest recognition, conferred on a single person at the apex.\" Accepting awards instituted for all and sundry would compromise the stature of the national honour too, he maintains.\"There's no question of younger musicians taking offence to his declining the honour,\" says flautist Rakesh Chaurasia, \"We not only admire, we're beholden to Panditji for taking Indian music to international heights. We're reaping the rewards of his action,\" says the nephew and disciple of Hari Prasad Chaurasia, the flute wizard who learnt from Annapurna Devi, daughter of Panditji's guru Baba Allauddin Khan.\"In our tradition we do give a separate platform to seniority,\" Tanmoy Bose echoes the sentiment. \"And, next to Uday Shankar, Panditji has single-handedly earned love and respect for Indian music, its culture - for India.\" So, let alone sit in judgment on his action, juniors like him cannot even comment on it, says the ace tabla player and composer for '8.08 Er Bonga Local'.\"It's tough not to agree with either action,\" says Bickram Ghosh who, like Tanmoy, has played with Pandit Ravi Shankar. More significantly, Bickram is the son of Pandit Shankar Ghosh, who has played and taught with Panditji and Ustad Ali Akbar Khan . \"Banga Bibhushan is the highest honour bestowed by this state. It would not only be unimaginable, it would be unjust not to offer it to him. On the other hand, for guruji not to accept the same award as others far junior to him would completely be his prerogative.\"On his part, the composer for 'Nobel Chor' \"can't see a solution\" to the 'Catch 22' situation where he \"can't fault the guru or the state\" that has awarded him, Rashid Khan and Nachiketa Ghosh the just-instituted Banga Bhushan for young achievers.The last word comes from Mamata Shankar who pleads: \"At the end of the day, it's purely his (Panditji's) personal choice, and I think we should all respect it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367523", "title": "SC allows devotees to enter Kalighat temple sanctum sanctorum", "text": "NEW DELHI: Devotees can once again enter the sanctum sanctorum of Kolkata's Kalighat temple, one of the 51 famous Adi Shakti Peeths in the country.The Supreme Court on Monday lifted the month-long stay granted by Calcutta high court which prevented devotees from entering the 200-year-old Kalighat temple's sanctum sanctorum. The HC had banned entry of devotees into the innermost portion of the temple housing the deity on the grounds of cleanliness, security and preventing visitors from being fleeced by touts.The HC on April 20 had barred entry into the sanctum sanctorum of everyone except two priests appointed by the temple committee after a PIL alleged malpractices and expressed concern over the temple's cleanliness.On the appeal filed by Kalighat Temple Association, a bench of Justices Deepak Verma and S J Mukhopadhaya said the administration could take care of the PIL petitioner's concern that cheats and touts were fleecing devotees.The bench said, \"Cheats can be taken care of by the police. The high court cannot act or alter the scheme framed and approved by the Supreme Court (regarding entry into sanctum sanctorum). If it was a Shiva temple in south India, we would understand as there only 'darshan' is allowed. But in north and east India, devotees are allowed to touch the feet of the deity and offer puja.\"The PIL petitioner argued that the ban was only to facilitate a hassle-free visit to the sanctum sanctorum for devotees. But the bench wanted to know whether similar arrangements and restrictions were in place in other important temples in West Bengal.When the PIL petitioner's counsel replied in the affirmative, Justice Mukhopadhaya countered, \"Two days ago, there was a photograph in the newspapers showing a VIP offering puja in the sanctum sanctorum of Dakshineshwar temple.\"Though the bench stayed the HC order relating to restriction on entry of devotees to the innermost part of the temple, it clarified that the HC's directions to ensure cleanliness of the temple would have to be implemented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13372962", "title": "Currency haul: Court drops charges against Ogyen Trinley Dorje", "text": "SHIMLA: Approached by the Himachal Pradesh government to drop charges against Tibetan spiritual leader Ogyen Trinley Dorje in currency seizure case of January 2011, the Una court on Monday gave its nod to drop the prosecution against him.Soon after, a statement by the Tibetan leader said, \"I am happy that the charges have been laid to rest by the Himachal Pradesh government and through the judicial procedure of democratic India. I am very grateful to the Government of India for giving me and hundreds of thousands of Tibetans asylum in this great country in our time of need. India has been my home for almost half of my life. Upholding the integrity of the historic relationship of our two countries is of utmost importance to me.\"In his application, district attroney Una R S Sharma had requested the court to remove the name of the Tibetan leader from the chargesheet in public interest and administration of justice. The court, after admitting the application, had posted the matter for May 21 while regular hearing on main case was slotted for August 4.Sources said, judicial magistrate Kanika Chawla, after considering the application filed by prosecution, decided to drop Dorje's name from the charge sheet on Monday. Dorje was charged under Section 120 B (criminal conspiracy) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).Sharma said an NGO had also filed an application in the court, opposing the state government's move to drop charges against Dorje, which was dismissed by the court on Monday.The Tibetan leader had courted controversy after the foreign currency haul case, wherein over Rs 6.5 crore in Indian and foreign currency was recovered in a raid on Gyuto Monastery near Dharamshala. The Himachal Pradesh police, in its chargsheet filed before the court of chief judicial magistrate on December 7 last year, had made Dorje one of the accused in the case of unaccounted money recovered from his monastery in January 27 and 28, 2011. The chargesheet accused Dorje and nine others of forming illegal trust, unauthorized money transaction, unauthorized land deal and of making illegal documents.Principal secretary (home) P C Dhiman, in a letter written to Una deputy commissioner K R Bharti recently, had stated that as the direct involvement of the Tibetan leader was not established in the case, therefore it would be better to take back the case against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13373784", "title": "Cops to probe spare part sales to curb vehicle theft", "text": "NASHIK: With vehicle theft being a near-regular feature across the city, and the police still grappling in the dark to nab culprits, the commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that the police would now explore the angle of whether vehicles are dismantled immediately after being stolen, the thefts for the sale of their their spare parts.Roughly approximately two to three vehicles, mainly motorcycles, bikes are stolen daily from various areas in the city. Police officials have said that they had found some vehicles in the rural parts of the district and some in Jalgaon and similar other such far-flung areas. However, given the scale of vehicle theft the vehicles stolenBut the number of vehicles recovered from such places is still less than 1% lesser than a percent compared to the number of vehicles actually stolen from within the city.Last year over 1,000 bikes were stolen. and in the year prior, before that some around 850 bikes were stolen. Current statistics reflect that As of now at least two to three bikes are stolen daily. Taking into account the gravity and the increasing scale of theft, of the issue, the police in the past, identified spots from where the maximum number of vehicles were stolen and this was followed by intensive patrolling in the area. However, vehicles have also been found stolen from parking lots of the residential areas.Meanwhile, a couple of months ago, assuming that the maximum number of vehicles stolen were stolen in the rural parts of the district, the city police and the rural police had decided to hold set up take up joint nakabandis. Officers involved in the exercise said desite having two such joint nakabandis, nothing substantial was uncovered from the operation. Though the police said that they did this exercise twice they did not chance upon anything substantial.DCP Sahebrao Patil said informed that the police are conducting meetings with people belonging to of the residential neighbourhoods, areas and are briefing them about the precautions to be taken to crub crime.Recently, police chief Kulwant Kumar Sarangal also appealed to the builders' fraternity within the city of the city to make maximum security arrangements for new in new projects. andCombing operations are also underway in the slum areas to detect whether see if vehicles are sold to slum dwellers at throwaway prices. But with almost every exercise turning futile, the commissioner of police said that they would now also be looking to see if stolen vehicles are immediately dismantled by the burglars.\"Steps to probe this aspect will also be taken, alongwith all other ongoing measures,\" check this aspect would be taken Sarangal said. the CP.This angle was explored after a large number of citizen responses have indicated that citizens had indi Nashikites said that since there is a huge market for the logos on luxury cars, there is also it is likely to be a market for vehicle spare parts as well, mainly two wheelers. which could be one of the key reasons for two-wheeler thefts have been occurring on such a growing scale daily that there may also be a market for spare parts of vehicles, mainly two wheelers and the police need to consider this fact seriously.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365848", "title": "Complex for parking remains a non-starter", "text": "HYDERABAD: Nearly a year after chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy laid the foundation stone for a multi-level parking complex close to Chowmahalla Palace, the facility still remains a distant dream for local residents and visitors. Touted to be the first-of-its-kind project to come up in the state capital, it was planned to ease congestion and provide a safe parking space in the area. But promises apart, not a brick has moved so far.With space to accommodate 400 four-wheelers and around 200 two-wheelers, the project had come as a succor for the management of Chowmahalla Palace as well as the residents of the area. For, over the last few years ever since the palace started renting out its premises for events, the immediate vicinity has been bearing the brunt. \"The palace has parking space for 50 cars but for big events, the space is hugely inadequate as space is required for close to 300 cars,\" said an official from Chowmahalla. So, whenever an event is held, the host either rents out the municipal playground leaving no open space for local children or the invitees park their cars haphazardly along the road, sidewalks and in the narrow lanes that invariably leads to traffic congestion.The semi automated five-storied parking complex costing Rs 30 crore has been planned under the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project. It is being built under public private partnership on a 2,150 sq metres land housing the old pension payment office. \"We will be happy if it comes through. Locals have been protesting the traffic chaos each time a big event is held,\" the official from the palace added.Local corporator Mir Zulfeqar Ali said that the parking problem is worsening in the area. \"During daytime, tourist buses are parked on the main road in front of the palace. This is also the only route for all the APSRTC buses. Whenever there are night shows, people park vehicles haphazardly anywhere they get some space,\" Ali rued. He added that some amendments were brought into the agreement and they have been passed by the standing committee. \"The fresh agreement would be signed soon,\" added Ali.S Annapurna, estate officer, GHMC, said that the file is under process and is not yet finalized. \"There is no delay.\" Incidentally, except the SYJ complex at Pathergatti and Nizamia General Hospital close to Charminar, there are no parking areas in this commercial hub of Charminar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366881", "title": "Doctor booked for demanding dowry", "text": "NAGPUR: A radiologist was booked for allegedly demanding Rs 50 lakh dowry and cancelling his marriage after the bride's side refused to pay the sum. Police said the marriage was fixed on June 4.On the complaint lodged by the victim, who is also a doctor, and her parents, Nandanwan police booked Ramdaspeth resident Dr Rahul Meshram (33) on Monday.Police say Meshram and the girl met via a matrimony website. The couple had exchanged rings on March 11.On May 16, Meshram and his family met girl's family at her house and put forth the dowry demand of Rs 50 lakh. Meshram reportedly said that his degree was worth a crore rupees and that he was preparing for higher studies abroad.When the girl's family tried to convince him not to demand dowry, Meshram rejected the marriage proposal. Thereafter, the girl's family lodged a complaint against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13374209", "title": "Online registration begins, wait is the word on Day 1", "text": "BHOPAL: The online registration for next academic session in government and private colleges began on Monday. The process would continue till June 10. On Day 1, there was no rush for admissions as both the CBSE and the MP Board of Secondary Education have yet to declare the class XII results.\"I do not know their logic of launching the on-line admission before the Class XII result. Once I have my result, I will think of admission,\" said Swati Singh Parihar, a school student. The department has asked the students to visit the government college for verifying the document. \"The result is not in my hand. How to verify my documents,\" she added.Welcoming the on-line admission students said the process should have started after the result. \"It is a good idea. They are charging only Rs 50 per college, which is half the fee a student paid earlier. But the online admission process should have started after boards declare their Class XII results,\" said Prakhar Yadav, a student.Students can download application form from the official website of the department. The department has also uploaded a format, which will guide students to fill the application form.The verification of the documents will be done from May 21 to June 11. Students, who fail to get online admission in courses or colleges of their choice can take admission against the available vacant seats. The higher education department has made it clear that the allotment of the vacant seats on reapplying may be accepted or rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13370734", "title": "Mysore City Corporation survey to remove unscientific bus shelters", "text": "MYSORE: Following an uproar over unscientific bus shelters in the Mysore City Corporation in early March, civic body officials decided to set up a committee to inspect them. With the committee yet to take its first steps, the laxity of officials is giving room for unlawful activities.Recently, a bus shelter on Vasantha Mahal Road near Nazarbad police station was replaced overnight. An old shelter was removed and a new shelter put up before dawn, flouting rules and regulations.Petrol and Diesel Dealers' Association president S K Dinesh said the shelter, adjoining his house compound on Vasantha Mahal Road, was removed overnight and people who did it allegedly threatened their housekeeper Sathyanarayan when he asked them what they were up to. Sathyanarayana had intervened when the work was in the finishing stage around 4am Friday.\"What was the need to install the shelter at that hour?\" was Dinesh's query.Later, he registered a complaint with Nazarbad police. The shelter was removed the next day as it was not in accordance with legal requirements. Dinesh says he's not against putting up a shelter. \"The rule is clear that bus bays should be created before shelters are put up. Here, the violation was evident and the shelter covered the footpath. The officials are silent about it,\" he added.MCC executive engineer C Krishna Bhovi told TOI some agencies are putting up shelters at places which are not identified by the civic body. One such shelter is on JLB Road near Mayura Palace. MCC will soon do a survey to identify unscientific bus shelters and remove them. Bhovi said they're verifying records to get details of agencies which have been given permission to put up shelters. The official claimed the cost for installing shelters is borne by advertising agencies as per an agreement, but the civic body gets the ad revenue. It will investigate if some agencies have misused the arrangement.Bhovi said the city police commissioner has given them a list of unscientific shelters. A meeting of all nine zonal assistant commissioners will discuss the issue. Mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy said she'll initiate steps to remove unscientific shelters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13383597", "title": "Narain in 'Jewellery Kallan'", "text": "Narain is again tightening his grip in the Malayalam Film Industry. 'Veeraputhran' and 'Grand Master' are the recently released films of Narain which have done very well at the box office and he is all set for shooting his next venture, 'Jewellery Kallan'.He is the lead actor in the movie however, who is going to play female lead in the movie is not yet decided.The film is directed by Sajan and produced by Sabu Cheriyan. Suraj Venjarammoodu and Manoj K Jayan are also playing pivotal role in the movie.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chicago", "code": "13374194", "title": "Greece must buy into austerity or exit euro: Britain", "text": "CHICAGO: British PM David Cameron has issued his bluntest warning yet to Greece that voters need to \"meet their commitments\" as a member of the eurozone in elections next month or leave the currency union.Speaking at the Nato summit in Chicago , and three days before a crucial EU meeting, the PM said the leaders of the eurozone must now prepare for either outcome and be ready for the repercussions of the Greek vote, set for 17 June. The poll was called after Greek parties failed to form a new government earlier this month.\"It has to be absolutely clear there is a choice: they can vote to stay in the eurozone and meet their commitments , or they can vote to give up on their commitments and effectively give up on the eurozone,\" he said.No one could tell Greece's parties what to do, but Cameron can have left them in no doubt of how he feels. \"The choice Greece faces is maintaining its commitments and maintaining its place in the eurozone or deciding that's not the path it wants to take.Cameron also defended the German Chancellor, Angela Merkel , whose insistence on austerity has been blamed for preventing the G8 summit from making progress. \"Obviously she wants to make sure that countries in the eurozone that signed up to all sorts of commitments meet those commitments . She did show some flexibility in terms of what more can be done on the growth agenda.\"While Cameron appealed to Greek voters to face reality , the Deputy PM, Nick Clegg , pleaded with German taxpayers to be patient with the Greeks.\"Whilst I have a huge amount of sympathy with German taxpayers, it is not sustainable to believe that the eurozone can thrive through fiscal discipline alone,\" he said.The Independent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13369891", "title": "Calangute village panchayat's 'peaceful' polls see 81.10% turnout", "text": "CANDOLIM: The elections to the 11-member Calangute village panchayat held on Monday registered a 81.1% voting. There were no untoward incidents reported anywhere in the village and polling was completely peaceful, with Calangute's polling stations witnessing activity right up till evening.Sitting sarpanch Joseph Sequeira exuded confidence that he would be re-elected along with most members of his panel of candidates. \"We're going through,\" he told TOI, adding, \"We should win around seven-eight seats.\"There are 11 wards in the coastal village, the elections to which had been postponed by a week following a controversy over the delimitation of wards. Sequeira also brushed aside reports that Calangute MLA Micahel Lobo and ex-ZP member Anthony Menezes had fielded separate panels. \"As far as I know, I've fielded the only panel. Nobody else declared their panels,\" he said.He, however, admitted that Lobo and Menezes may have campaigned for a couple of their friends who are contesting the elections against Sequeira's candidates.When contacted, Lobo said he had been in Hong Kong since Sunday and was unaware of the voting trend back in Calangute. Menezes was also said to be out of town.Sequeira and Menezes had joined forces with Lobo during the recent assembly elections.Monday's elections, that saw a total of 9,459 eligible voters (4,599 male and 4,860 female), inconvenienced owners of bars and visiting tourists because of the additional dry days on Sunday, Monday and Tuesday (counting day).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13371414", "title": "Online land rights records in 15 districts by June 30", "text": "PATNA: As a pointer to a major development in the agrarian and urban arena of the state, the record of rights of land owned by a person - called 'chalu khatiyan' in popular parlance - pertaining to 15 districts would be available online by June 30, and of the remaining 23 districts by March 31 next year. Prior to the deadline, however, the land survey and settlement directorate, a wing of the state's land reforms department (LRD), would be able to release the record of rights in 10 of the 23 districts by September 30 itself.That is, the updated record of rights on land would be ready for mass delivery and use. In departmental lingua, the exercise undertaken for updating the record of rights is being called 'computerization and updating of land records'.Implicitly, by the cut-off dates for the respective cluster of districts, the record of rights with regard to land owned by persons would be available online, so that any authorized official, using the password, would be able to visit the page and also find the details of the land owned by any person for the issuance of land possession certificate (LPC) demanded by bankers to facilitate the withdrawal of money by farmers holding Kisan Credit Cards (KCCs). It figured prominently at the state-level bankers' committee (SLBC) meeting last week. The issuance of LPC is also of significance during any sale, transfer and mutation of land, or to claim compensation when land is acquired by the government or any investor for development projects.The first 15 districts covered by the exercise are Darbhanga, Bhagalpur, Madhubani, Purnia, Buxar, Bhojpur, Rohtas, Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, Nalanda, Kishangnj, Araria, Nawada, Jamui and Samastipur. \"At present, the updating of the record of rights of land is a major activity of the state government. It is on its priority list,\" said land survey and settlement director H S Meena, adding, \"Clearly, by the end of the current financial year, the record of rights of land in all the 38 districts would be ready for official or non-official possession and use.\"By itself, the significance of the exercise cannot be lost, as the last cadastral survey (map or record showing the extent, value and ownership of land for, among other things, taxation) of the land in the state was done in 1905-06.Subsequently, after the abolition of zamindari in 1950 and passage of Bihar Land Ceiling Act, 1961, the government launched the 'revisional survey' of record of rights in a piecemeal manner on a limited scale, covering only limited number of districts, in 1965-66 that later continued in other districts all through the 1970s, and kept going on, like in Patna district, even in the 1980s, it is learnt.\"However, the attention of the government during the revisional survey was only on maintenance of Register-II, or the ledger of raiyats (tenants),\" said an official of the revenue and land reforms department.Meena said the 'computerization and updating of records' had been undertaken as part of the National Land Records Modernisation Programme for which the Centre allocated fund to the state government with matching state share. To comply with the same, the government enacted Bihar Special Survey and Settlement Act, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13382065", "title": "Santhanam denies imitating Goundamani", "text": "Santhanam is the man of the moment in Kollywood. Almost every actor would love to have him as his sidekick in their films for they consider it a safe bet.After the recent success in OKOK, Santhanam is busy acting in over a dozen films that includes Vettai Mannan, Vaalu, Seetai, Singham 2, Saguni, All in All Azhagu Raja, Ishtam among others.Is Santhanam following the foot-steps of Goundamani? Denying crticisms that he is imitating Goundamani, Santhanam says, ' I admire him a lot.I have my won style. I keep making fun of all in my film whereas Goundamani sir provided humour with Senthil as his sidekick'.I wish to make people laugh. That's enough, he says .Source: Cinesnacks.net", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13369825", "title": "Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporation to appoint agency to catch stray dogs", "text": "PUNE: For controlling the population of stray dogs in Pimpri-Chinchwad, the municipal corporation will be allotting a contract to a private agency which will be responsible for catching stray dogs, and sterilizing them.The dogs will later be released in the same areas from where they were caught. At present, the work is being carried out by two private agencies. This will now be carried out by a single agency.R R Iyer, medical officer of health (MOH), PCMC said, \"The civic health department proposes to outsource the entire work of catching strays, performing sterilisation and releasing them back to their areas. We want to have a single agency for both these works so that the work is performed efficiently and there is better co-ordination.\"Iyer said that the private agency will be allowed to use the dog pound of the health department located at Nehrunagar in Pimpri for carrying out the surgeries. \"The dogs will be kept under observation for 24 hours. Later they will be released in the same area from where they were caught.\"The civic administration has stated that for controlling the stray population in the municipal limits, the Union government issued guidelines in December 2001.These state that civic bodies can take help of self help groups for the work.People for Animals has recently submitted a proposal to the civic health department to undertake the entire work of birth control of dogs. As part of the animal birth control programme, for every dog sterilized, the organisation will get an amount of Rs 810.The animal birth control programme is being conducted for the last five to six years. At present, around 3,000 to 3,500 dog sterilisation operations are conducted every year. The number of operations is expected to increase to around 5,000 per year.At present, around five to six dogs are caught daily as per complaints received from citizens, said a civic official. Once the contract is allotted, the private agency will have to attend the complaints received from the citizens also, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13372782", "title": "Uttar Pradesh may give inheritance rights to Muslim women", "text": "LUCKNOW: Muslim women may finally get their due share in family inheritance. The long standing demand of the All India Muslim Personal Law Board for a suitable amendment in the UP Zamindari Abolition and Land Reform Act 1950 to bring it at par with the Shariat is likely to get an official nod soon. After AIMPLB reasserted its stance last month, the state government is considering the option to push through the politically correct agenda in the assembly session which begins on May 28.In a formal request forwarded to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on April 2, Board general secretary Maulana Syed Nizamuddin demanded the right of inheritance to Muslim women, including widows, divorcees and married daughters. The Board drew attention to the fact that in UP this privilege vests only with the unmarried daughters while the rest of the categories have been arbitrarily left out. The chief minister responded favourably. On April 19, he wrote back to the AIMPLB president Maulana Rabe Hasan Nadvi and signaled his assent to the need for a speedy amendment in the law.The issue, said senior AIMPLB member Zafaryab Jilani, figured prominently in the Board's annual meeting at Mumbai from April 20-22. States like Madhya Pradesh , Rajasthan and Bihar do not follow such discriminatory practice, there is no logic why should UP women be deprived of their share, he said. Jilani recalled the half-hearted measures of former chief minister Mayawati in this regard. Maya government, he said, brought an amendment in the sections 171(2) and 174 of the Act in September 2005. But, the right to inherit the agricultural asset was granted only to the unmarried daughters. This, Jilani said, was not what was intended under the personal law which acknowledges property rights of married unmarried, widowed or divorced women.This restrictive approach, he said, had drawn ire of the Board in its annual meeting at Bhatkal and the members called for rescheduling the list of beneficiaries to match the Shariat.Meanwhile, sources claimed that the government is no mood to delay the issue. With eys on the parliamentary elections, the \"goodwill gesture\" could yield to major political advantage to the Samajwadi Party. \"Hopes are already up,\" said Maulana Khalid Rasheed Firangimahali, Imam of Aishbagh Idgah, \"after the positive communication of the chief minister.\" The amendment, he said, would surely lead to a revolutionary change in the economic status of women and raise their status in society in general.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370881", "title": "Declining rupee, increasing concerns", "text": "LUCKNOW: The weakening of the rupee against the US Dollar has undoubtedly upset the vacation plans of hundreds of vacationers and business travellers, who had planned a foreign sojourn, to escape from the sweltering heat. And if tour operators are to be believed, then tour packages and other expenses including food, lodging and shopping have shot up by 15-20%. On Monday, the dollar ended sharply dearer against the Indian Rupee at 55.03.\"The impact of rupee depreciation has led to nearly 18-20% reduction in demand of foreign trips. As dollar is used in most countries, people are now thinking twice before planning a trip,\" said Sukesh Bahadur, managing director of a private travel agency. However, he added that no cancellations have happened, as tours sold last month for travel during May end or June beginning are unaffected due to advance bookings.Ankush and Varsha Thadani, who will be leaving for Bangkok next month said, \"It is definitely pinching, but since we have already paid the air fare, we will travel. But other expenses like staying, eating and shopping will cost us more now.\"While some people are postponing their trips, others are seeking a non-dollar destination. \"There are certainly some changes in the travel patterns. Holidays are being cut short, short-haul destinations are being preferred and people are opting for non-dollar destinations or are sticking to domestic travels. The overall point is that families have to maintain their budget,\" said Prateek Hira, a tour operator,Travelling to England next week to meet her daughter, Shashi Mishra, a bank manager said, \"The escalation is mind-boggling. The unavailability of Air India and Kingfisher has added to the blow.\" A frequent traveller, Shashi detailed that till September last year, the air fare for a round trip to England was Rs 39,000 per person. This year, she had to pay Rs 57,000 for it. Talking about the visas, she said, \"Though there has been an increase, but it is marginally when compared to other ground arrangements.\"Facing problems in terms of clearing payments, Suheb Qazi, manager of a private travel agency said, \"Since major portion of currency is in dollars, it is getting very difficult to clear payments. Travellers are also vexed with the steep rise in the value of dollar as against the Indian Rupee.\"Travel agency owners shared that how the fluctuations in the exchange rate has affected their sales. \"At this time last year, the number of people travelling abroad was much higher. The only reason I think for the reduced sales is the appreciation of dollar against Indian currency,\" opined Anshul Gupta of a Hazratganj-based travel agency.Vivek Pandey, president of a travel agency, \"The number of overseas travellers has reduced, but so far we haven't seen any cancellations. And while the overseas bookings have come down, domestic trips are on high.\" (with inputs from Priyangi Agarwal and Asmita Pandey)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367944", "title": "Hall not ready, East Delhi corporation will meet in tent: Mayor", "text": "NEW DELHI: After convening its first House meeting in a tent, the BJP-ruled East Delhi corporation has decided to hold all meetings in a tent as a mark of protest. BJP has been alleging that the East corporation is being accorded step-motherly treatment by the government.Mayor Annapurna Mishra claims the auditorium cannot be used to hold House meetings. \"The official building doesn't have a completion certificate from DDA. They are yet to obtain an NOC from Delhi Fire Service and a licence from Delhi Police for operation of the auditorium. Even the corporation is deprived of basic facilities like water and sewer connections. Only two floors are given to us. The auditorium has no desk and proper public address system. How and where will it accommodate various committee chairmen and members?\" said a fuming Mishra.However, officials say the work to revamp the auditorium is being undertaken. \"The plan to redo the auditorium is being taken up. Desks with mikes will be fixed in the first three rows of the auditorium. This will cost us around Rs 10 lakh. As the auditorium is a revenue-generating asset for the corporation, we don't want to totally change it. Last year, the auditorium earned almost Rs 80 lakh. Tenders for the work have been floated. The auditorium will be ready before the next meeting,\" said S S Yadav, commissioner of the corporation.The bill to erect the tent for the last meeting amounting to Rs 80,000 is pending. The mayor said, \"We have sent the bill to the commissioner and the corporation will clear it.\" However, Yadav said, \"I didn't receive any bill and why should corporation pay for the tent. We have an auditorium which is any day a better venue to hold meetings. The corporation will not pay the bill.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13385524", "title": "Steve Jobs dreamt of building a car: Apple board member", "text": "WASHINGTON: Late Apple visionary co-founder Steve Jobs, who created iconic gadgets like iPhones , iPods and Mac computers, was also considering creating an iCar, an official of the tech giant has revealed.Apple's board member Mickey Drexler revealed Jobs' desire to add an automobile to the company's product lineup during a recent interview at the Fast Company Innovation Uncensored expo in New York .\"Look at the car industry - it's a tragedy in America,\" Stuff.co.nz quoted Drexler as saying.\"They talk about expense, they talk about this - and then you say, well 'who's designing the cars?' Steve's dream, before he died, was to design an iCar,\" he added.Drexler also said that if Jobs had designed the car, it would have dominated the industry.\"It would've been probably 50 per cent of the market,\" the report quoted him, as saying.According to the report, Apple has been rumoured to be working on an iCar for years.In 2007, Steve Jobs met with Volkswagen Group head Martin Winterkorn. The companies were reportedly planned to team up to work on a car aimed at the youth market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13386684", "title": "Govt to provide direct subsidy on kerosene", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government today said it planned to provide direct subsidy to beneficiaries of kerosene oil and a pilot project in this regard in Alwar district of Rajasthan was yielding good results.\"Direct subsidy on kerosene is planned in future ... We have to move towards it. It will be done using UID cards... We are benefiting from the pilot project,\" minister of state for petroleum and natural gas RPN Singh said in the Rajya Sabha.He said the government had provided subsidy of Rs 1,38,541 crore during 2011-12 and a subsidy burden of Rs 1,89,605 crore on petroleum products was due during the current year.\"The government is bearing a subsidy of Rs 503 per LPG cylinder, a subsidy of Rs 32 on per litre of kerosene, while the loss on diesel suffered by oil marketing companies was Rs 13.64 per litre,\" he said during Question Hour.He suggested that subsidy should be reduced and urged members to take the lead in doing away with their LPG quotas.\"A proposal should come from all MPs that they will not take subsidy on their LPG cylinder. This would show the way so that the message goes that the subsidy is meant for the poor,\" he said, adding that the rich were also taking subsidy which was meant only for the poor and lower middle class.The minister said a pilot project providing direct subsidy to poor and lower middle class beneficiaries was successfully under implementation in a Tehsil in Alwar district of Rajasthan and the government was benefiting. He said details of the project were yet to be received as it was still on.To another question, he said there is no plan before the government to supply PDS kerosene to fishermen of Kerala, but said non-PDS kerosene could be provided to Kerala government for fishermen if a demand was made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13370110", "title": "Dengue fear grips twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: Blame it on the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities concerned to take precautionary measures or the lack of awareness among people to keep their surroundings clean. There is a rise in number of people falling prey to dengue.Around 85 to 90 dengue cases have been reported in twin cities in the past two years.Dengue cases usually surface in the beginning of monsoon to till September. But, Dharwad district has reported more than 11 dengue cases much before the onset of rainy season. Many slums and low-lying areas have become breeding ground for mosquitoes. Contrary to the claims of politicians, even today many villages lack proper toilet facilities and drainage system.Due to lack of proper UGD in villages, drain often flow on the roads in villages at Navalgund, Kundagol and Kalgatagi taluks.Though officials admit that people of these taluks are prone to dengue, the district health office and the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation are yet to take up fogging and spraying chemicals to check mosquito menace on a war footing.Cases with symptoms of dengue fever have been reported in some private hospitals too. According to a doctor of a private hospital, every day they attend to 3-4 patients suffering from these ailments. People living in slum areas and villages with no UGD facilities are prone to dengue, he added. People have been instructed to maintain cleanliness and consult doctors immediately if they have any symptoms like severe headache and fever with stomach pain for more than two days. Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation health officer Dr. P N Biradar told TOI that 11 dengue cases have been reported in Dharwad district so far.To control the spread of the disease in twin cities, the corporation has taken up spraying and fogging in all wards of the city. All preventive medicines and treatment equipment are available in the corporation hospitals to deal with such cases, Biradar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13373079", "title": "Hotel owner arrested in Howrah", "text": "HOWRAH: A hotel owner at Sabzi Bazar in Howrah on Monday beat up a 10-year-old boy who used to work in his hotel. Sonu Yadav, the victim, came from Patna to work at the hotel. It has been alleged that the employer, who is a distant relative of the boy, did not give food to the victim and used to beat him up often.On Monday, when Sonu delayed serving a customer, Abdesh Roy - the employer - thrashed him severely and inflicted burn injuries on the boy. Locals rescued the boy and demand expenses for Sonu's treatment. They informed the cops when Roy refused to pay. He was later arrested for employing a child at his hotel.OC goes missing: Kushal Biswas, the OC of West Midnapore's Sabong PS, has gone missing since Saturday while on his way back from his work. Biswas' wife lodged a missing complaint on Monday and said her husband could not be contacted on his mobile phone. West Midnapore SP Sunil Chaudhuri said, \"It was on Sunday that we found out Biswas was missing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371532", "title": "Writers' skips Rajiv Gandhi death anniversary", "text": "KOLKATA: The equation between Trinamool Congress and its ally Congress, already simmering over the setting up of Nazrul Academy at Indira Bhawan, struck a raw nerve on Tuesday with the state government not observing the death anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi , who was assassinated on May 21, 1991. The Trinamool-run government has consistently celebrated birth anniversaries and observed death anniversaries of luminaries at Writers' Buildings since May last year. But Congress leaders in the state did not take it in good light when the government skipped the death anniversary of a leader as prominent as Rajiv Gandhi.\"It is extremely unfortunate that the government did nothing to observe the death anniversary of Rajiv Gandhi. He was a great leader and his assassination rocked the entire country. He deserved to be remembered on May 21,\" rued state Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya. Bhattacharya and other Congress leaders observed the day paying floral tribute at the Congress office.Trinamool Congress minister Firhad Hakim, however, justified, \"Only birth anniversaries are observed at Writers'. We shall celebrate Rajiv Gandhi's birth anniversary on August 20.\" Hakim went on to say that he had participated in a programme on Tuesday to pay his respect to the leader in Chetla.However, the fact remains that since Mamata became the chief minister, the government made elaborate arrangements on both birth and death anniversaries of several luminaries. Tribute was paid to Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar, Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay and Kishore Kumar on their birth anniversaries and to Rabindranath Tagore, Nazrul Islam, Pritilata Waddedar, Bagha Jatin (Jatin Das) and Khudiram Bose on their death anniversaries.However, it may be noted that the ritual went for a toss on the death anniversary of Indira Gandhi on October 31. But the government celebrated her birth anniversary on November 19.According to a senior official of the information and cultural affairs department, \"Recently, a decision was taken to celebrate birth anniversaries only. It is true that some death anniversaries were observed initially. But now, only in the case of freedom fighters, the death anniversaries are being observed at Writers'.\"Trinamool leaders and government officials may come up various \"explanations\", but they were not enough to allay the mood of dissent in the Congress camp. The Salt Lake Congress committee will now hold a sit-in demonstration in front of Indira Bhawan on Wednesday to protest the setting up of Nazrul Academy in the building.Indira Bhavan was built in 1972 primarily to serve as a guest house for Indira Gandhi, the then Prime Minister, for her visits to the city. Later, the Left Front government decided to allot the building for Jyoti Basu and he had moved into the bungalow in August 1989 and stayed there till his death in 2010.Hakim said he did not care much about the Congress' protest. \"Even if they carry on with the sit-in demonstration all their lives, the Nazrul academy will still come up there,\" he confirmed. He added that Congress leaders did not have the courage to protest when the original building - where Indira Gandhi had actually visited - was demolished and a new building was constructed. He said the plaque that mentions her connection to the place would continue to remain.The Congress leaders, meanwhile, remained unruffled. \"We will continue to take up this issue. Mamata started her political career with the Congress and now she should not forget her connections with Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi,\" said Pradip Bhattacharya. \"We will make it a major political issue in the coming days,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13367762", "title": "RTO's prepaid auto plan hits block", "text": "NAGPUR: Reginal Transport officer and city police's aim to restart the prepaid auto rickshaw counters, especially at railway stations (both Nagpur and Ajni) and MSRTC bus stand at Ganeshpeth seems uncertain now that the auto unions have come up with a list of fresh demands.On Friday, during the Regional Transport Authority (RTA) meeting chaired by DCP (Traffic) Jivraj Dabhade, the representatives of auto rickshaw unions demanded infrastructure like traffic booths, electricity and proper parking space for operating services free of cost or else they will not support the prepaid booth scheme. The meeting was attended by RTO Sarjerao Shelke, MSRTC, Railway and other district administration officials.When contacted Dabhade informed that auto unions earlier agreed to the conditions put up by RTA to restart the booth at Ajni Railway station and MSRTC's Ganeshpeth bus stand for commuters' convenience. However, now they have backtracked. Only one auto union -The Railway Station Auto Chalak Sanghtana has agreed to run the booth at railway stations.Dabhade said traffic department definitely wants to start booths initially at Ajni and Ganeshpeth bus stand because many commuters had complained and submitted memorandums about lack of prepaid booths at these destinations is causing inconvenience to them. Auto rickshaw unions too have demanded booths at many places including Nagpur airport, Mor Bhavan bus stand, Medical square and commercial areas like Sitabuldi and Sadar and had also submitted memoranda to the traffic police for it.Harishchandra Pawar, secretary of Nagpur Zilla Auto Union, told TOI, \"We have just demanded some infrastructure to set up a booth and a few other facilities to run it. It is responsibility of the state government to develop such facilities for commuters. We are ready to run the services from such booths, if state government gives us some of these facilities, he added.One of the representatives of Nag Vidarbha Auto Chalak Bahuddeshiya Seva Bhavi Sansthan who earlier managed and operated auto booth at railway station said at least 500 autos used to ply from the station booth daily. \"We are ready to restart booth at railway station, but are waiting for a green signal from the railway authorities\", he added.Representative of commuters organization raised the issue that getting an auto rickshaw from railway station, bus stand has become a difficult task. Passengers always have to put up with the rude behaviour of auto drivers and their exorbitant charges. \"Only prepaid booth, monitored by traffic cops, can provide fair means of transport to commuters\", he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13374924", "title": "Govt appeals against Kerala high court fiat on CBSE no-objection certificate norms", "text": "KOCHI: The state government on Monday appealed against a single bench order of the Kerala high court, which held as irrational and unreasonable the state's requirement of a minimum of 300 students and three acres of land to run Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) schools.The appeal was filed following a Cabinet decision last week.The court had also issued a stay on other aspects of the state's rules, including five years of experience and UID registration for students for obtaining no-objection certificate (NOC).The court had pointed out that Kerala Education Rules (KER) do not delineate the area of operation of schools such as metro, rural, or others and stipulates three acres in all places.The court also accepted the argument of advocate T P M Ibrahim Khan, who appeared for CBSE managements, that CBSE regulations only specify a minimum land of two acres whereas the state is demanding three acres.Appearing for the government, additional advocate general K A Jaleel had contended that the state has the right to set up rules applicable to CBSE schools. He had also submitted that fresh NOCs have been mandated to ensure quality of service and infrastructure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13372632", "title": "Manipuri body calls for protection of ethnic religions", "text": "IMPHAL: Taking serious note of some individuals making possible efforts to spread 'alien religions' through forcible conversion of indigenous people, a local body has appealed to the state government to take appropriate steps to protect the religion of these people by enacting anti-conversion laws.G Poushing, president of the Indigenous People's Forum (IPF), Ragailong said that some Western countries' agents, taking advantage of India's secularism, are attempting to spread non-ethnic religions in Manipur.Addressing a media conference in Imphal on Sunday, Poushing said almost all people in the hills have been converted to Christianity.The Christian missionaries even attempted to lure the Kabui (Zeliangrong) community living in the valley areas into converting and if the trend continues there is a fear of extinction of the indigenous faiths and beliefs of the community.He said entire tribal populations have abandoned the respective religions and beliefs that their forefathers followed.Pointing out that even the majority Meiteis had embraced Vaishnavism in ancient times, he said the increasing of non-Meitei religious structures in the valley areas is a good example of the growing influence of religious agents.Informing that certain states including Tamil Nadu, Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Arunachal Pradesh have already enacted anti-conversion laws, Poushing said the activities of missionaries are being monitored closely in Maharastra where forcible conversion is prohibited.If similar laws are not passed in Manipur, the indigenous religions will face danger of extinction, he said, while emphasizing the need for civil bodies to check such forced conversion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13370208", "title": "Consumers take out anger on Tamil Nadu Electricity Board staff", "text": "CHENNAI: The power crisis in the state is taking a toll on field staff of the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB). There are increasing instances of TNEB officials being attacked by consumers. \"In most cases, minor issues turn into major arguments. Our men have nothing to do with the power crisis in the state, but people don't understand this and shower their anger on us,\" said a TNEB official.On Thursday last, TNEB staff who had gone to fix a problem in a private building on Anna Salai were locked up by irate consumers. When the electricity board employees went to complain to the police, the additional divisional engineer was allegedly abused by a sub-inspector. Soon, TNEB staff staged a protest against police's lack of action.In the past three months, at least six such incidents have occurred at places like Sholinganallur, Thoraipakkam, Semmenchery, Tiruvottiyur and Tondiarpet. In most cases, residents get agitated due to frequent power cuts and low voltage especially at night.Officials felt a lack of rapport between consumers and the TNEB staff in-charge of an area has led to the current situation. Earlier, field level staff like foremen and area engineers deputed for a specific area would attend to problems immediately. It helped them develop a rapport with residents, councillors and panchayat heads over a period. It also helped consumers to understand the nature and challenges of their work.Now, all field level employees have to report to the section office, which is in charge of many areas. Based on specific complaints, they are asked to go to a locality. \"Everyday, the field staff goes to different areas and the consumers too remain unfamiliar to them,\" said another TNEB official. Also, staff shortage in TNEB does not give the section engineer much choice but to work with the available limited manpowerFor every 84 transformers in a section (which covers a 5km radius), TNEB should have at least 12 helpers and wire men each. But, only half of them exist for every 1,200 consumers under urban service category. At present, of the 1.48 crore connections in the state, Chennai has around 25 lakh connections. \"In helper category alone, 24,000 posts are still vacant. The situation is similar in other posts in TNEB,\" said a TNEB official.Thursday's incident was the second such instance of TNEB staff being attacked. On April 30, residents of Sholinganallur beat up TNEB staff after failing to get a response to their repeated complaints of defunct streetlights. TNEB officials explained to the residents that it is the Chennai Corporation that has to look into the problem, but to no avail. A day later, in a mark of solidarity with the injured staff, TNEB staff from adjoining sub-stations at Adyar, Perungudi, Kandanchavidi, Palavakkam, Neelankarai, Velachery and Semmenchery demanded that police file a case against the attackers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13369864", "title": "Steps will be taken to prevent closure of Abhinav college", "text": "PUNE: Higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope has assured representatives of the Bharatiya Vidyarthi Sena (BVS) that appropriate steps would be taken to ensure that the government-aided units at Abhinav Kala Mahavidyalaya on Tilak Road in Sadashiv Peth and at Pashan are not shut down.\"The minister promised us that the college campuses won't be closed,\" BVS city unit students' convener Manisha Dharne, who met Tope in Mumbai, told TOI on Monday. Tope has instituted a three-member inquiry panel, which is expected to visit the Abhinav campuses in next two days to take stock of the situation and file a report.The Abhinav Kala Mahavidyalaya, one of the oldest and prestigious arts colleges in the state, established in 1925, and run by academic trust Bharatiya Kala Prasarini Sabha (BKPS), is facing a battle of survival following the trust's recent decision to shut down its government-aided units at Sadashiv Peth and Pashan.The college offers diploma and certificate courses in arts and painting, with the aided units accounting for 650 and 250 students at Jthe Tilak road and Pashan campuses, respectively. Another 250 students are part of the unaided unit at the Tilak road campus. Together, the two campuses have 60 teaching staffers.\"We have decided to shut down our aided units at Sadashiv Peth and Pashan in a phased manner over the next three years, due to financial issues involved in running these units,\" BKPS secretary Bhalchandra Pathak said. The aided units have been receiving 90% grants from the government for salaries of teaching and non-teaching staff. The remaining 10% share is being borne by the BKPS.Pathak said, \"The 10% financial burden has gone up from Rs 8 to 9 lakh per annum to Rs 20 lakh per annum in the last few years, due to the fifth and sixth pay commissions. We don't have that much money to bear the burden and the government has refused to take 100% financial burden for the aided units. Salary burden apart, the directorate of arts has also not released the building rent for the two campuses for last several years.\"However, past and present students of the college have come out strongly against the trust's decision and dubbed the same as an outcome of internal politics and financial irregularities. But, Pathak has dismissed these charges as \"baseless\".On Monday, a sizeable number of past and present students and teaching staff of Abhinav college, including former principal Dinkar Thopte, former director of arts Madhukar Nangre, well-known cartoonist Mangesh Tendulkar, attended a meeting at the Tilak road campus to deliberate on the issue.Dharne said, \"A majority of the members favoured Pathak's removal from the BKPS secretary post and demanded that an administrator be appointed by the state government to take care of the college's day-to-day affairs.\"Pathak said, \"Allegations of financial irregularities and internal politics have been made by Dharne without presenting any proof to back up her claims. The inquiry, too, has been ordered on the basis of Dharne's complaint, but there is no proof to substantiate the charges.\"He said, \"More than politics, opposition to the trust's move stems from the teaching staffers' fear that after the shut down of the aided units, the BKPS may start a degree course at its unaided unit and they don't have the requisite qualification to be part of the teaching staff of such degree course.\"Pathak said, \"The directorate of arts has not released the building rent of Rs 24,000 per annum for the Pashan campus for the last 15 years. Similarly, it has not released the building rent of Rs 83,000 per annum since 2003 for the Tilak Road campus. Effective from December 2011, the Tilak Road campus rent has gone up to Rs 4 lakh per month. We are in no position to absorb this financial burden, considering that we have no income source of our own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13368722", "title": "Power cuts continue to haunt Gurgaon, officials claim otherwise", "text": "GURGAON: After long hours of power cuts spoiled the Sunday mood for most Gurgaonites, the power situation continued to remain bad on Monday, with both residential and industrial zones of the city registering outages throughout the day. Parts of DLF Phase III and V, Sectors 14, 15, 23, 23 A, and Udyog Vihar Phases III, IV and V, among others, reported long hours of power cuts on Monday. However, the DHBVN officials continued to claim that power generation was at par with the daily requirements, with Gurgaon drawing as much as 175 lakh units.\"Monday was as bad as Sunday. All through the day, power supply remained erratic - there would be electricity supply for an hour or so and it will then be followed by 2-3 hours of loadshedding,\" said Mahesh Singh, a resident of old Gurgaon. According to H R Vaish, an industrialist based out of Udyog Vihar, some parts of the industry were badly hit. \"As I gather, some parts of Udyog Vihar are receiving very less supply, while some are still doing well,\" he said. Recently, DHBVN announced its reward scheme for feeder connections registering less than 3% losses, which were listed for a 24-hour uninterrupted supply. \"We don't know whether it is due to this reason that the supply has been so evenly divided in the industrial areas. But we are looking into the matter,\" he added.DHBVN officials say that power generation is not the problem, and the official excuse seems to indicate the regular transmission and faulty hardware issues, which haven't yet been dealt with. \"There was no problem on Monday. Sunday was bad due to the dust storm, and our generation frequency was low. But on Monday, Gurgaon was drawing about 175 lakh units, which is its usual allotment,\" said a DHBVN official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "13370207", "title": "BCom student commits suicide in Jhansi", "text": "JHANSI: A BCom second year student on Sunday allegedly committed suicide after he failed to pay back exorbitant interest to a money lender. Chandramani alias Lucky Pathak, a 26-year-old student was found hanged by the ceiling fan of his house at Bangla Ghat, under police station Kotwali.A suicide note has been recovered from him, which states that he was forced to take this extreme step after Akhilesh Sharma, a resident of Tehsil area from whom he had taken Rs 30,000 was harassing him for repayment though he had already paid Rs 40,000 along with interest.Akhilesh was demanding Rs 10,000 more, the suicide note said. According to a senior police official, a case has been registered against Akhilesh Sharma under section 306 and investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365568", "title": "Government quarters all but officially ready", "text": "HYDERABAD: For the first time in nearly five decades, a new apartment complex (three-room tenement type) for providing accommodation to government employees has come up at Malakpet.The government has spent nearly Rs 55 crore in building the apartment complex for non-cadre officers.The proposal for construction of a residential complex was moved in 2006 with a committee headed by the then chief secretary even according clearance to the project. That was at a time when the roads and buildings (R&B;) department was spending lakhs of rupees on renovating some 1,000 quarters, most of which were in a dilapidated condition, at Malakpet.In 2008, then chief minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy laid the foundation stone for construction of 224 flats in Malakpet.Thereafter, nearly 100 quarters were demolished last year and over four acres of land handed over to the Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd for a metro rail station.\"Although we have around 65 acres of land in Malakpet, we took up construction of apartment blocks on an open two-acre plot on the same premises.\"The government has spent around Rs 55 crore on the construction of this block which contains 224 three bedroom, hall, kitchen (3 BHK) flats and is seven-storeys high,\" a senior R&B; department official told TOI. Utility services like water and electricity have been provided at the residential complex after the fire department gave its 'NOC' to the project, the official said.\"We have decided to demolish the remaining 900 quarters and the tenders for that, too, have been finalised. The demolition will start within a week,\" the official replied.When contacted, general administration department (GAD-Accom) officials said that they were yet to decided on the allotment of flats. \"Initially, we were planning to allot flats to officers above assistant secretary level but, with over 1,000 applications pending, we may allot them based on seniority as there is a huge demand for government accommodation,\" an official said.Except minor works like painting and bathroom fittings, the residential complex is ready for inauguration. It was learnt that chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy is to inaugurate the complex after the conclusion of the forthcoming byelections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13370410", "title": "Air India crash: Kin move court for enhanced compensation", "text": "MANGALORE: Dissatisfied with the compensation doled out by the Air India legal counsel, 15 air crash victims' families, involving more than 70 members, on Monday filed civil suits at the principal civil judge senior division.The families had received compensation as per the judgment of the Kerala high court's division bench. Of the 159 cases settled by AI counsel, 130 cases were on full and final basis and the rest as per the Kerala HC's verdict.Advocate Amrith Kini, who filed the civil suit at the court told TOI, \"In the pliant we have contended that the compensation arrived at by AI legal counsel was not as per the Montreal Convention. For example, while giving compensation to a widow they have not considered parameters like loss of companionship, which would have enhanced compensation. Instead they forced the families to accept a consolidated amount.''\"The AI counsel did not have a formula to arrive at the compensation amount to victims' families, hence the amounts varied from individual to individual,'' he added.The claims vary from Rs 50 lakh to a maximum of Rs 4 crore. The petitioners deposited more than Rs 50 lakh as court fee. Kini said, \"If the claim is up to Rs 80 lakh, the petitioner has to pay Rs 2.47 lakh as court fee. If the amount exceeds Rs 80 lakh, it is Rs 2.47 lakh plus half per cent of the amount exceeding Rs 80 lakh.''Of the 15 suits, two filed as needy persons and claimed waiver of court fee, said Kini. The court will conduct an inquiry regarding their indigent status and will send notices to concerned parties to file objections. The date has not been decided.\"We have pleaded the court to try all cases with a single judge on a single date,'' Kini added.May 21 was the last date to file suits. The claims of the victims' families made after the date would have got time-barred as per the Montreal Convention which has set a two year period for appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13372500", "title": "Locals set tractor afire after 7-year-old boy dies in mishap", "text": "VARANASI: Angered by the killing of a boy in a road accident, locals set a tractor on fire in Patkania village under Sohwal police station in Ghazipur district on Monday.According to reports, Altamas Ansari, the seven-year-old son of an army soldier Dilhassan Ansari, was playing outside his residence in Patkania village on Monday morning.In the meantime a tractor crushed him. He died on the spot. After the killing of boy, local residents caught the driver, who hailed from the neighbouring village and moved towards Sohwal police station. When they were passing through the village of driver, the locals rescued him. Angered by the incident, the Patkania natives returned to their village and set the killer tractor on fire. On receiving information of the incident police reached the incident site and extinguished the fire. Police were searching the driver after sending the body for post-mortem.Meanwhile, in another road mishap in Jinodpur village under Jamania police station in Ghazipur district an auto driver Anil Tiwari (30) was killed after coming under a speeding truck on Sunday night. He died on the spot. The driver of killer truck fled from the scene leaving the vehicle abandoned.One hacked to death: Ramkesh Chero, a middle aged man of Kudwa village under Kone police station in Sonbhadra district was hacked to death by some miscreants on Sunday night. Reports stated that Chero's wife had illicit relations with an animal trader of her village. It is suspected that Chero was killed in the same dispute. Police are investigating the matter after sending the body for post-mortem.Man buried alive: Ram Gopal (32), a native of Mobari village under Shahganj police station in Jaunpur district was buried under the debris of the wall of his residence in the wee hours on Monday. According to reports Ram was sleeping inside his house when its wall collapsed. His family members and villagers rescued him and rushed him to the district hospital. But he died on the way to hospital.Suicide: Urmila Singh (60), a native of Rajwadi village under Chaubeypur police station committed suicide by jumping in front of a moving train near her village on Monday. She died on the spot. It is suspected that she was frustrated due to a family dispute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13369150", "title": "UPSC aspirant misses preliminary exam to help villagers", "text": "CHENNAI: Torn between his brethren who were badly in need of his help and the UPSC preliminary exam on Sunday, Farid Alam Ansari, a software engineer in the city, chose his people.Ansari, who hails from a village near Jamshedpur in Jharkhand, was approached by 23 villagers from his native place, saying a Chennai-based agent had cheated them after promising them jobs in Singapore . They wanted to file a police complaint, but knew neither English nor Tamil. By the time Ansari had helped them register a complaint on Sunday, it was too late for the exam.Ansari is the last child in his nine-member family. He lost his father when he was a child. He said his ambition was to become a civil servant, but he couldn't refuse the villagers help. \"One of the victims of the job racket is my relative. He brought the issue to me last Saturday, when I was preparing for the UPSC examination. I had no other choice but to give up the preparation, as my people didn't know either Tamil or English to converse with the police,\" said Ansari, who lives in Ambattur.Ansari, who has just completed aeronautical engineering at St Peter's Engineering College in Avadi, said he has been preparing for the prelims since last year. \"It's ok, there is always next year,\" he said.Those who filed the police complaint were lured by agents promising them jobs of welders and fitters in Singapore. Each of them had paid Rs 75,000 to the racketeers to get the job and submitted their original passport. \"We have given the mobile numbers of the travel agents. As some of the agents are based in Mumbai, we asked police commissioner J K Tripathy to forward the petition to the Mumbai police commissionerate,\" Ansari told TOI.The villagers learnt about the travel agent in Chennai through a man back home and handed over the money at the travel office in Chennai, a few weeks ago. The city police have forwarded their petition to the job racket wing of the central crime branch (CCB).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371997", "title": "Trinamool Congress launches party mouthpiece in English", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Mamata Banerjee-government completing a year in power, the timing couldn't have been better to launch the party mouthpiece in English.And with the launch of TMC's English magazine 'Trinamool Congress Leads' - aimed at reaching out to the masses nationally - came a strong message from the CM. \"A section of media is trying to malign our government,\" wrote Mamata Banerjee in her column 'Perspective'.With the headline 'What I can say', Banerjee wrote: \"We have a firm faith on democracy as well as on media. But unfortunately, we have been noticing a strange behaviour in the media for quite some time; for a section of the media has been at work to malign the image of our party. So, it is appropriate to reach out to the masses with the real truth.\" It seemed she is ready to take on the 'detractors' head on. \"Many a work has been done by this government within a very short time, but some detractors are trying to divert the attention of the people to something else,\" she wrote in her column.Moreover, she assured that there would be no tax on the common man, as it is the easiest way to burden them for mopping up revenues. But, Trinamool's policy is pro-poor. \"National wealth and resources remain unused and misused.\" So, she is looking at an alternative route for generating revenue. She also stated: \"Due to a strange power equation between the Centre and the state, decision making is not a cake walk.The monthly magazine will soon be turned into a fortnightly, said Derek O'Brien, Trinamool MP and editor of the magazine, while releasing it on Monday. O'brien, Union railway minister Mukul Roy and state finance minister Amit Mitra gave a copy of the magazine to the CM. The magazine, targeting the non-Bengali speaking readers, will be distributed free of cost. Sources said the idea is mainly to improve the image of Trinamool Congress before the foreign embassies so that foreign investors can be roped in. Even, it will be distributed in states where the Trinamool leaders are trying to have a firm footing. Already Trinamool has a presence in Manipur and attempts are on to spread its units in other north-east states. Even, there is a Trinamool MLA in UP and the party is trying to make inroads into other states, including Goa.The magazine has, on its cover, a picture of Mamata Banerjee with Hillary Clinton with a caption reading, world leaders meet in Kolkata. O'brien in his editorial stated: \"The recent visit of the US secretary of state has cemented ties between the US and Bengal.\"At present it has 16 pages but plans are on to make it a 32-page magazine.\"Trinamool Congress Leads\" a new English magazine of the party, thus reasoning the need for a party mouthpiece in English to reach out to the masses nationally. Trinamool supremo found it apt to launch a the new English magazine, when her government completes one year in power, so that there can be a better display of her government and of Trinamool Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13372983", "title": "Students protest errors in test papers", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Expressing dissent over errors in paper setting by Panjab University's examination branch, students on Monday protested outside the office of the Vice Chancellor. Members of the National Students Union of India (NSUI) sought action by the university authorities against the instances of negligence. \"There have been numerous cases of out of syllabi questions, not providing enough answer sheets and several other goof ups,\" says Barinder Thakur, NSUI state general secretary.The students added that in case the authorities failed to take any appropriate action, the protest would continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368716", "title": "Mahantesh murder case: Sleuths bring in personal motive, family rejects it", "text": "BANGALORE: Sleuths on Monday suggested a shift in the focus of the SP Mahantesh murder probe, hinting that personal motive could have triggered the attack on the deputy director of co-operative audit. Hours earlier, their political bosses claimed a breakthrough was imminent in the case.A few colleagues of Mahantesh were questioned about his work, after which investigators said the motive could be personal, not professional. Mahantesh on Sunday succumbed to injuries sustained in an attack by unidentified men around 8.30pm on May 15 on Palace Road.\"Colleagues said none of Mahantesh's cases were controversial to warrant an attack. In the audit system, he couldn't have done anything individually to harm anyone,\" sleuths said.The investigators didn't have an answer when queried whether \"leaking\" of vital documents by Mahantesh to whistleblowers campaigning against co-operative housing societies could be a motive. Family members told sleuths they were not ready to accept the personal angle as motive. They insisted Mahantesh was killed for professional reasons, but could produce little evidence to support their claim, sources said.Family members were upset over a suggestion by interrogators that Mahantesh could have been involved in an extramarital affair. The police sought to downplay the claims of Poornima, Mahantesh's wife, that the official was attacked in January.Poornima said that two motorcyclists attacked the car in which Mahantesh was travelling on Bannerghatta Road. Sleuths said it was only an accident and Mahantesh's car had, in fact, hit a motorcycle. Police claimed a friend of Mahantesh was with him in the car that night.\"A batchmate told us that Mahantesh was a nervous person and an introvert. Following this accident, he may have been scared and his family could have interpreted it as a threat,\" sources explained.Who heads probe?Home minster R Ashoka on Monday said, \"Joint commissioner of police Pronab Mohanty and DCP B R Ravikanthe Gowda are investigating the murder.\" However, Mohanty declined to confirm he was heading the probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368744", "title": "Mahantesh murder case: Elusive witness weakens attack theory", "text": "BANGALORE: A day after Mahantesh succumbed to injuries he suffered in an assault five days earlier, the state government on Monday claimed significant progress in the probe. Announcing that the probe would be wrapped up in a day or two, chief minister DV Sadandana Gowda claimed that 75% of the investigation has been completed. Gowda told mediapersons at a function here there was no need for a CID inquiry given the progress of the police.A few individuals had been arrested and the main culprits will be nabbed in a couple of days, he pointed out.The CM was quoted as saying in Mangalore that two people had been arrested in connection with the Mahantesh murder. \"Attacks on government servants will be viewed seriously,'' he added.However, home minister R Ashoka said a few individuals had been detained for questioning. After meeting with senior police officials, Ashoka too claimed the case would be cracked soon.\"Some staffers of the directorate of co-operative audit have been questioned. Police stepped up investigation and rushed teams outside the state too,\" Ashoka said. He declined to disclose the identity of those taken into custody. Ashoka said various angles, including Mahantesh's personal life, are being explored by police. \"Mahantesh's calls are being traced,\" he added.Police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji said police secured vital clues and culprits will be nabbed in a day or two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13368698", "title": "9-year-old boy drowns in lake", "text": "BANGALORE: Vivek V, 9, drowned in Puttenahalli lake near Sarakki, JP Nagar, on Monday, while his 4-year-old brother Thanush V, who was rescued by passers-by, is battling for life in hospital.Both are sons of security firm employee Venkateshappa and they live in a house abutting the lake. A huge drain disgorges sewage into the lake near their house. Around 4.20pm Monday, the boys went to the shore and began throwing stones into the lake. After a while, they rushed into the lake, apparently to fetch the stones, unaware that the water was deep.The children began drowning and their screams drew the attention of another boy, who rushed to Venkateshappa's house and raised an alarm. Members of the public immediately pulled out the children from the water and rushed them to Rajshekar Hospital nearby. Hospital officials said Vivek was brought dead, while Thanush was struggling to breathe. The younger boy's lungs had choked and he was put on ventilator. Venkateshappa and his wife were too shocked to react, police said.JP Nagar police said tank bed encroachment had resulted in tenements cropping up dangerously close to the lake and people should stop their children from going unsupervised near the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13368917", "title": "Noida chairman assumes additional charge of Greater Noida, Yamuna Expressway", "text": "NOIDA: Nearly three weeks after being posted as the Noida chairman, the UP government has now given Rakesh Bahadur additional responsibility of the Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities.Since December last year, the chairman's post has changed many hands. In December, 2011, Rama Raman was placed in charge as chairman for Greater Noida and Yamuna Expressway authorities. He had taken charge from the then chairman of both authorities, Mohinder Singh.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had appointed Bahadur as the Noida Authority chairman on May 4. The post had been lying vacant for 49 days. Bahadur had held the same post in the previous tenure of the Samajwadi Party government during 2005-07.BSP chief Mayawati had suspended Bahadur on Aug 10, 2009, and ordered registration of criminal cases against him for alleged involvement in certain land allotments in Noida.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13373874", "title": "Train accident in Andhra Pradesh, Hampi Express collides with goods train", "text": "HYDERABAD: Several people have been injured in a train accident when Hampi Express collided with a goods train early on Tuesday morning. The accident happened in Penukonda in Andhra Pradesh .According to initial reports coming in, Hampi Express overshot signal and hit the goods train.The express train was going from Bangalore to Hospet.Two bogies of the train have derailed.There are no reports of any casualties so far.Rescue operations are underway.More details are awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365743", "title": "CBSE Class X results: This year 99.01 percentage of students passed in AP", "text": "HYDERABAD: City students came out with flying colours in the CBSE Class X results that were released on Monday. With scores of students securing a CGPA (Cumulative Grade Point Average) of 10 (on a ten point scale) from the state, several schools performed well in the examination. The pass percentage of AP was 99.01 this year, while the southern region including students from all the states scored 99.96%.Some of the schools that performed well are Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Jubilee Hills, where 67 students secured a CGPA of 10, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Sainikpuri, where 35 students secured CGPA of 10, Silver Oaks School, Bachupally, where 28 students secured a CGPA of 10, P Obul Reddy School where 17 students secured CGPA of 10 and Meridian School, Banjara Hills, where 12 students secured a CGPA of 10.Some of the Kendriya Vidyalayas too secured a good score with around 65 students from KV, Picket, securing a CGPA of 10.Over 30 schools in the city secured a pass percentage of 100. The pass percentages in KV schools are also at a high end of 99% this year.Students who scored well in the CBSE examination stated that the grading system helped them fare better.\"There was no pressure at all during the examinations. I was good at my subjects and especially Maths and hence I performed well,\" said Atul Shreyas Pannale, a student of Meridian School, Banjara Hills, who secured a CGPA of 10. His classmate and friend, P Praneel Chandra, who also secured the same CGPA, said that he might go into research field in the future.\"I am interested in scientific research and I would like to pursue that goal,\" said Chandra. However, most of the top performers of CBSE will not be sticking to the same board for higher studies. \"I opted for the state's Intermediate Board as I will be preparing for competitive examination like IIT-JEE and Eamcet in the next two years,\" Pannale, a student said.Teachers from the city said that performance of students have improved as compared to last year. \"This year at least 15% of the total number of students who wrote the examination has secured CGPA of 10,\" Anjali Razdan, principal, P Obul Reddy School, said. In most schools, a majority of the students have secured a score ranking between eight and 10.A total of 1,52,086 students had registered for the examination from the southern region out of which 1,52,024 appeared.The southern regional office located in Chennai announced that candidates who wish to apply for verification of marks can do it within 21 days of the declaration of results. Candidates who wish to apply for Improvement of Performance (IOP) can apply in the prescribed form before June 22 without late fee. The tentative date of this examination is July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13373355", "title": "Faf or Hussey: Big question for Chennai ahead of Mumbai clash", "text": "CHENNAI: A spot in the play-offs has now become reality but Team Chennai have to take a few decisions on their team composition ahead of their all-important match against Team Mumbai on Wednesday in Bangalore.The biggest challenge for any IPL side is to finalise the foreign composition and Chennai have struggled a bit in getting it right. While Faf Du Plessis was a big hit in the initial phases of the tournament and Chennai intended to carry on with him, there was no way they could have dropped Mike Hussey, who came in after the ninth game.\"Hussey is a fantastic player and the team gels around him very well. He is a key component of our team,\" coach Stephen Fleming had said, talking about the Aussie veteran's importance in the team. But Fleming worked a lot on Du Plessis before the IPL and the South African made the difference in the initial games.\"Faf has been a revelation in this tournament. But what may prompt the team to go for Hussey is his experience. He has been with the Chennai side since the first edition and knows how to handle difficult situations. And with a match-winner like M Vijay slowly coming into his own, going in with Hussey at the other end should be a good option,\" former India player WV Raman, who is keeping a close eye on the proceedings, said.The stats, though, are firmly in favour of Du Plessis. While Hussey has managed 138 off five games with a strike-rate of 104.5, Du Plessis' tally of 398 from 13 games with a strike rate of 130.92 is way ahead of the rest in the Chennai team.Ideally, Chennai would like to play both, but Dhoni always prefers to go in with two all-rounders - Albie Morkel and Dwayne Bravo - in the middle. \"There's no way you can blame Dhoni for persisting with these two guys. Bravo and Morkel have won Chennai at least four matches and in a game like the Eliminator against Mumbai, it's very difficult to drop any one of them,\" Raman said.There has been a school of thought which believes that the skipper should drop Albie and play both Hussey and Du Plessis, but Fleming wants to leave it to Dhoni. \"It's better to give the skipper the team that he is comfortable with,\" the Kiwi coach, who shares a good rapport with his captain, said.Hussey, too, feels that finalising the four foreigners is one of the toughest jobs for the coach and the captain. \"With so much quality around, someone has to miss out... So we don't mind at all if we have to sit out one game here and there. The most important thing is the team doing well,\" Hussey said.If Hussey, Morkel and Bravo fill the top-three slots, paceman Ben Hilfenhaus is sure to clinch the fourth berth. An out-of-form Doug Bollinger has gone back home due to family reasons and even though Nuwan Kulasekara played well in the few opportunities that he has got so far, the team management will stick to Hilfenhaus.\"Hilfenhaus' addition is a big plus for us. He has been able to get those early wickets and has given fantastic starts putting the opposition under pressure. He swings the ball around in the early stages and can be a very good bowler at the death as well,\" Hussey said.Hilfenhaus went for 14 in his last three deliveries in the last time Chennai played Mumbai but all that's history now. It will be a new game on Wednesday and the awesome foursome of Chennai should play a big role in helping the Men in Yellow take a step closer to making it three-in-a-row.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13367770", "title": "Autos continue to create traffic problem in Buldi", "text": "NAGPUR: Motorists on North Ambazari and Amravati Road are peeved once again. Reason: Both stretches are being used by illegally run six-seater autorickshaws, Tata magic vans and hundreds of three-wheelers causing inconvenience and leading to frequent arguments.Motorists complained that though both the roads are wide, there is not much space during peak hours due to haphazard parking of autos. Regional transport officer (RTO), city traffic police and municipal authorities which can solve the problem are literally turning a blind eye towards the problems faced by people, they said.The auto union claimed that three-wheeler autos run as per norms and guidelines. But six-seater autorickshaws and illegal autowalas plying inside city limits create chaotic conditions at busy junctions. On a visit to both the junctions, TOI found the permit holder three-wheelers had also parked vehicles in a haphazard manner in no parking area to get passengers. This created more trouble for traffic at Zansi Rani Square and Variety Square.In a bid to pick up more passengers from Maharajbagh and Cinemax junctions and near Matru Sewa Sangh and Sanskrutik Sankul building on North Ambazari Road, they park vehicles right in the middle of the road. Sometimes they also park vehicles under a tree, near bus stops or somewhere near the square from where they can attract passengers.Of 16,000 three-wheelers in city, 11,500 are permit holders while the rest 4,500 do not have them. Almost 3,000 to 3,500 six-seater autos and around 700 Tata Magic vans have started operating from city limits. Secretary of Nagpur Zilla Auto Union Harishchandra Pawar said, \"We have demanded at least 580 auto stands to accommodate 10 to 12 autos at one stand at a proper place near major junctions, bus stands and railway stations.Pawar accepted that autorickshaw drivers park vehicles from Variety Square to RTO and Zansi Rani Square to Shankar Nagar throwing norms to the wind. Many times the drivers face the wrath of traffic police for wrong parking or parking in no parking lots. \"But we have to do this to get passengers,\" he added. \"If the municipal authorities give proper place for operating autos at busy junctions and initiate action against illegal autos as was assured many times there will be no traffic congestion,\" he added.A senior traffic policeman said that cops deputed at both the junctions regularly take action against illegally plied autos and vehicles creating traffic congestion. However, he failed to reply when asked how these vehicles continue to ply despite taking regular action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374298", "title": "'Need pantry car on Panchvati Exp'", "text": "NASHIK: At a meeting of the members of the divisional railway advisory committee recently, a demand for attaching a pantry car with the Panchvati Express was raised again by the members for the benefit of the passengers travelling by the train. Railway officials said the issue was being followed up with the higher officials in Mumbai.\"The Panchavati Express is the only convenient train for office-goers and businessmen from Nashik commuting to Mumbai. Since they travel daily, most of them relied on the breakfast served through the train's pantry car. Commuters faced great discomfort ever since the pantry car was discontinued and hence it should be started again,\" Manohar Patil, member of the advisory committee from Nashik, said.Patil also floated a demand to make available a retiring room at platform number 1 for the waiters of the Panchvati Express, who will take rest during the night and make preparations for breakfast for the next day early in the morning.Many other issues related to the Railways in Nashik division were also discussed in the meeting. Railway officials said various proposals have already been forwarded to senior offices. They claimed that the pantry car on board the train was not profit-making and hence there were no takers for the contract subsequently. They said this has only helped the railways to introduce an additional passenger coach, helping enhance passenger carrying capacity. However, any decisions regarding the pantry car would be decided only by the senior offices, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13371364", "title": "VS Achuthanandan refuses to defuse letter bomb", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: V S Achuthanandan's letter bomb continued to tick through Monday fuelling speculation that he might quit the CPM soon.Before leaving Thiruvananthapuram for Alappuzha on Monday morning, VS had a closed door meeting with top leaders - Onchiyam area secretary N Venu and advocate Kumarankutty - of Revolutionary Marxist Party (RMP), accelerating speculations that he was preparing to part ways with the CPM.On reaching Alappuzha four hours after his meeting with RMP leaders, VS confirmed that he had written a letter to the party politburo. He refused to divulge anything about the content of the letter.That VS didn't deny reports about the letter underlined the fact that it was conveying charges against state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan and the party leadership. Within hours, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat issued a press note in Delhi confirming the receipt of VS's letter.What stunned the CPM leadership was his meeting with RMP leaders at his official residence. While RMP sources maintained that they met VS to apprise him of the situation at Onchiyam after the death of T P Chandrasekharan, sources close to VS said the visit was only a courtesy call. It is learnt that VS accepted an RMP invitation to visit Chandrasekharan's house. VS also held a meeting with his close comrades from Alappuzha later in the day even as he continued to draw heavy flak from his colleagues for writing the letter.Vijayan said he would react after knowing its content. Politburo member MA Baby said it was unfortunate that internal matters of the CPM were being discussed in such a manner.State secretariat member Elamaram Kareem said the leadership of the CPM was not picked by any leader but through properly conducted organisational conferences. Anathalavattom Anandan, who is known to be close to VS, said such developments wouldn't do any good for the party which is gearing up for a bypoll.But indications that a strong move to oust VS was gathering pace were clear towards the evening. \"The state secretariat which will meet soon after the Neyyattinkara bypoll will demand strict action against VS. A detailed report on the developments will be sent to the central leadership after the meeting,\" said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13372975", "title": "Mad rush for anganwadi jobs in Trichy", "text": "TRICHY: In the wake of the state government's announcement to recruit anganwadi staff, as many as 300 candidates were seen submitting applications to the district collectorate here on Monday.Utilising the situation , a woman in a private photocopy shop near the old collectorate building was selling applications at Rs 10 per copy. Further, they collected Rs 40 per application to fill in the particulars of the candidates in Tamil. Actually, there is no prescribed application for this post. So, candidates can submit their applications on a white paper with particulars, enclosing copies of their certificates.On information, district collector Jayashree Muralidharan who was in the grievance redressal day meeting rushed to the spot and interrogated that woman. She then warned her to stop selling applications and ordered her to close her shop immediately.Muralidharan took strong exception to candidates relying on someone else even to fill applications. She advised them to submit the applications on a white paper. Later, she deputed some revenue officials to guide them in the process.Though the state government announced recruitment of candidates for these posts, the district administrations decide on how many vacancies can actually be filled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365833", "title": "LPG shortage hits Old City residents", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residents of many Old City neighbourhoods have to contend with delayed delivery of gas cylinders. Alleging negligence on part of the agencies, residents say the subsidized domestic cylinders are being diverted to commercial establishments and rue that the delivery personnel often charge more than the actual cost of the cylinder.Old City roughly has 2,500 commercial gas connections while there are about three lakh domestic cylinder registrations. The largest users of commercial cylinders (19kg) are restaurants and eateries. As per GHMC estimates, a good number of the 10,000 eateries in the twin cities are located in the Old City and it is estimated that the number of eateries here far exceed the number of legal connections. This is corroborated by the fact that the civil supply officials frequently seize domestic cylinders from commercial establishments. In the last two months alone, over 100 cases of misuse came to light during 'surprise' checks. Residents in Chandrayangutta, Yakutpura, Tadbund and Hussaini Alam areas complain that while their cylinder delivery gets delayed, the food joints don't seem to be running out of fuel.Jaffer Ali, a silver merchant residing in AC Guards said that delivery of cylinder is often delayed in Hussaini Alam. \"My father who lives in Hussaini Alam has to wait for as long as ten days after booking the cylinder. But at my residence in AC Guards near Masab Guards, the cylinder is delivered in four days,\" he said.Sharada Singh of Laitha Bagh mentions that only two major oil companies supply cylinders in her small neighborhood but there is a delay with both of them. \"We have to wait for ten days and sometimes for as long as two weeks. It is clear that the delay is due to sale of domestic cylinders to hotels but the delivery agent always seeks to explain it off as shortage in production,\" she rued.Residents also complained that the delivery boys were over-charging them, claiming it was for transportation. They added that delay in delivery forces people to rely on unsafe 5 kg mini cylinders sold in grocery stores or purchase domestic cylinders from neighborhood eateries without the benefit of price subsidy.An official of the civil supplies department informed that online bookings have helped in checking illegal sale of cylinders. Admitting that the inspections throw up several cases of misuse, he said, \"Often those caught using domestic cylinders in restaurants and eateries will produce a valid document for the cylinder and claim that they are using commercial cylinders. As the sale of commercial cylinders is not under our control there is little else we can do besides conducting surprise checks.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13383053", "title": "Biju and Kunchako join hands again for their next", "text": "Super hit film 'Ordinary's extra ordinary characters, actor Biju Menon and Kunchako Boban again join hands on a new project. They are going to do a movie together. Boban Samuvel is the director of the movie. He is looking to take the advantage of their on screen chemistry. which left a pleasing impression on all the audience. The name of the movie is not yet fixed. Arun Ghosh and Bejoy Chandran are the producers of the movie.We all remember how the on-screen chemistry between Biju and Kunchako made 'ordinary' a tight entertainer and made all of us laugh, now we are all set to enjoy this 'double tadkaa' in their upcoming movie again. Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13381909", "title": "Enjoy the season of love with Kudos music", "text": "Pyar produced by Kudos music has very own multi-talented DJ H.It is essentially a love song featuring the deep, traditional vocals of established singer, Master Saleem. His soothing vocals perfectly complement DJ H's traditionally modern east-meets-west beat leaving something that is truly romantic and calming, yet still exciting for the ears.Filmed in India, the video also keeps a strong hold of traditional elements and culture, and took the Kudos team to over 5 different locations, ensuring the story they were looking to convey was told magnificently. Following the rags-to-riches story of a man from the slums, the video takes us along on his journey showing that no matter how much his life changed, his one true love remained constant throughout - and surely this is what 'pyar' is all about.From village houses to flash cars, from multi-coloured holi powder to sari-clad dancers, this video has all the elements and more to make a traditionally Indian inspired video, and that is exactly what it delivers.'Pyar' is definitely set to be one of the most popular 'first dance' wedding songs this summer, as the song itself is more than enough to make old and young couples alike fall in love with their better half's all over again. DJ H's 'Pyar' featuring Master Saleem is a true celebration of pure love and romantic music; a combination with the power to mesmerise anyone. Keep an ear out for it releasing 31st May 2012 on E3UK Records, and let yourself fall in love with 'Pyar' this summer.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367296", "title": "In a first, heads of NIA &amp; IB to take part in Indo-Pak talks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid expectation of some 'positive' outcome on certain 'confidence building measures' including liberalized visa agreement, India will - in a departure from normal practice - also send heads of Intelligence Bureau, CBI and NIA to Islamabad as part of its delegation for home secretary-level talks between the two countries on May 24-25.Earlier, the home secretary was accompanied by joint secretary level officers during talks with his Pakistani counterpart.Sources said that since New Delhi was also expected to raise the issue of terrorism including action against Lashkar-e-Taiba founder Hafiz Saeed and others, presence of the chief of NIA - which has filed a chargesheet against Saeed and some serving/retired Pakistani army officers in terror cases - would make a difference, specifically when both countries had earlier agreed to cooperate on terror-related investigation.NIA chief S C Sinha is, however, likely to have a tough time as the agency is also probing the Samjhauta Express blast case. Islamabad is expected to raise this issue and ask New Delhi about the progress of investigation into the incident which was allegedly carried out by Hindu radicals. As many as 68 people, mostly Pakistanis, were killed in the blast in February 2007.The 12-member delegation, led by home secretary R K Singh, will include IB director Nehchal Sandhu and CBI director A P Singh besides Sinha and officials from external affairs ministry, sources said.The CBI is probing various trans-borders cases including the 1993 Bombay blast case and others related to pumping of fake Indian currency notes into India. The two agencies are also authorized to liaison with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency (FIA) on matters related to terrorism and garner evidence for trial in the Mumbai 26/11 attack case. The IB is responsible for gathering and dissemination of all terror related information.During the talks, a decision on issuance of one year multiple-entry non-police reporting visas for 'certified' businessmen and allowing them to visit five cities instead of three as at present will be taken.An agreement to liberalize the visa procedures will benefit people of both the countries as it will also exempt elderly people from police reporting, allowing common people from either country to visit three earmarked cities with freedom to exit from any point and extending visa on arrival facility at Wagah border for tourists including senior citizens (65 years and above) and children (below 12 years of age).India will also take up with Pakistan the issue of early release of Sarabjit Singh, the condemned Indian prisoner lodged in a Lahore jail. This was conveyed by home minister P Chidambaram to Sarabjit's sister Dalbir Kaur, who met him here on Monday.Ahead of the talks, Pakistani high commissioner to India Shahid Malik on Monday met Chidambaram in the latter's North Block office. The Indian delegation will leave for Islamabad on May 23 and will be back in Delhi after the talks on May 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13383695", "title": "Tolly stars at film promotion event", "text": "Tolly stars Dhritiman Chatterjee, Roopa Ganguly, Badshah Moitra, Payel De, Krishna Kishore Mukherjee and Dipanjan Bhattacharjee were present at a city business club to speak about their latest flick Maya Bazaar.The film, an anthology of three stories - \"Smriti\", \"Satwa\" and \"Bhobisshot\" - drives you to a world of obsession engulfed with memories and overwhelmed with illusion. \"Every man creates a world of good and evil, pleasure and pain, out of his own imagination. My character, Kuhu in \"Smriti\", portrays an internal brawl through her longing for her husband, who is no more,\" said Roopa.Joydeep Ghosh, the director, said, \"It's a movie for every sensible man. There is a common link between all the stories, which is an obsession and desperation to find something that is missing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13374609", "title": "Rich and pampered but not healthy", "text": "INDORE: If you believe that poverty is the only reason for underweight children, you are surely mistaken. Infants and children in well-to-do families even appear like their poor and malnourished peers these days. Poor development of baby in womb and over pampered children skipping meals are the main reasons attributed to changing phenomena.According to health experts, poor maternal health coupled with low placenta blood circulation and pregnancy-induced hypertension in urban women population lead to intra uterine growth restriction (IUGR).Dr Seema Vijayvargiya, secretary, Obs and Gynae Association, says, \"Literate urban mothers too report underweight babies due to poor nutritional standards and infection. In those families where both parents are working and kids are over-pampered, children tend to be underweight.\"IUGR develops in well-to-do families, but such children recover when they are given proper diet. Nearly 30% pregnant women develop IUGR, she added.As per the National Family Health Survey-3, 42.5% children under five years in India are underweight. The percentage of underweight children is highest in the state, when compared to the other 28 states in the country, according to the women and child development ministry. Union minister for the department, Krishna Tirath had recently informed the Upper House members about the states' position of underweight children. Madhya Pradesh ranks highest among all states with 60 per cent of underweight children as against the national average of 42.5%.Health experts suggest that nutritional habits have to be changed to deal with the problem of underweight children. Government needs to monitor regularly that both women and children are provided with nutritional food. While government is making efforts to deal with the problem of underweight children in rural areas, it should also educate urban mothers on their kids' diet. In urban areas, people can afford healthy diet, but they need to understand about nutritional values.Dr Neerja Pauranik, head of department, gynaecology, Bombay Hospital, says, \"There is a need to debunk certain myths about food. Urban women believe that dry fruit, jaggery, banana, curd and ground nut should be avoided during pregnancy, but it is not the true.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13373899", "title": "Now, you can ride a bicycle at 80kmph", "text": "LONDON: Imagine a sophisticated bicycle that matches the speeds of a bike with just the press of a button.Well, your fantasy has now become a reality - thanks to an incredible new e-bike by a auto manufacturer.The new e-bike Worthersee, built on motor racing design principles, has every possible gadget that you could ever need just like a Formula 1 car. Perhaps the most helpful feature is an electric motor to help rest those tired legs of the rider. But this isn't just any electric motor, it can help build speeds up to 80km per hour, the Daily Mail reported.According to its developers, a cyclist can choose between a total of five modes, including the pure muscle power mode, the electric motor alone, or pedalling supported by the motor.In the 'Pure' mode, the drive power is purely the product of the cyclist's legs, while in 'Pedelec' mode you are aided by the electric motor that then makes speeds of up to 50 mph.If you select 'eGrip', the ebike Worthersee runs solely on the electric motor and can reach a top speed of 31 mph. The cyclist then controls forward momentum using a gripshift and can configure power as desired using the touchscreen onbike computer.The cyclist can also hook up to the computer using a smartphone. For those looking to record tricks, video images recorded via the in-helmet camera can be uploaded to the internet in real time via your smartphone.Facebook status reports also pop up on the Audi e-bike Worthersee display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13369090", "title": "Fewer students caught cheating in Allahabad university exams", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The number of students caught for using unfair means in the final undergraduate examinations of Allahabad University has further declined in 2011-12 session, when 205 examinees were caught.Controller of examinations HS Upadhyaya said that 932 students were caught in 2005-06, 564 in 2006-07, 348 in 2007-08, 431 in 2008-09 and 313 in 2010-11. Whereas, 205 students were booked for using unfair means this year when around 46,000 examinees have appeared.Of the 205, the maximum numbers of 165 examinees were of BA students of which 109 were BA I, 29 BA-II and 27 final year students. Similarly, 25 examinees of BSc were caught for using unfair means, of which 19 were of BSc-I, 5 BSc-II and 1 student. In the BCom, 14 students were caught for copying, of which four were of part I, two of part-II and eight of part-III.Upadhyaya gave credit for it to the faculty members of university and its constituent colleges. The vigilance shown by the members of the flying squad is really appreciable. The early announcement of the examination schedule had helped the students in preparing properly, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "13371280", "title": "Army job aspirants vandalise Nawada superintendent of police's office", "text": "NAWADA: Army job aspirants, agitated by the searing heat and impatience, vandalized the Nawada SP's office located on the third floor of Nawada Collectorate at around 11 am on Monday. Hundreds of youths had gathered in the collectorate compound demanding their 'character certificate' to present before the Army officials at Gaya where recruitment is scheduled to take place on Wednesday.Finding the police unable to issue character certificates to all, tempers ran high resulting in the restless youths climbing the second floor and smashing all the flower pots as well as the glasspanes, uprooting signboards and even digging out the tiles of the corridor and the walls. The police personnel had to run for cover. Later, the police, in order to lessen the tension, opened seven counters for issuing the certificates.Nawada SDPO Shahriyar Akhtar, said that the SP's office wing was vandalized as they were unprepared for such a massive convergence of youths. He said that over 500 applications for character certificates are filed almost every day. Since the police have to make a computerized record of the applications filed before forwarding them to the respective police stations for verification, it is a time consuming process. Moreover, the youths do not realize that the state government had fixed 28 days for the entire process, and many of the aspirants demanded their character certificates even though a large number of them had filed their application only a couple of days ago.Nawada Town police station SHO V K Jha said it was ironical that such unruly youths would be issued with character certificates. However, when questioned whether action would be taken against the youths for damaging government property, he chose to remain silent.Another police official said that the whole system was flawed. Had the character certificates been issued by the respective police stations of the applicants after getting it duly signed by the SP, such vandalism could have been avoided, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13370123", "title": "Anna Hazare to address rally for Lokayukta", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare will address a public rally in the city on May 25 as part of his state-wide tour to appeal for a strong Lokayukta bill and also to create awareness about the issue.The city unit of Congress party, however, on Monday announced that the party will stage a protest at Hazare's proposed rally and wave black flags.Congress leaders said they will protest against the recent remarks made by Hazare against the Congress president, Sonia Gandhi , and Rahul Gandhi.Secretary of Pune city district Congress committee Bhagwan Kadu said, \"We strongly condemn the remarks made by Hazare and his team members against our leaders Sonia and Rahul Gandhi. We have decided to wave black flags during Hazare's proposed rally in the city.\"\"The Congress party has taken a strong stand against corruption and has not ignored corruption-related issues. Many corruption cases are being handled by various courts at present. The party is dealing with such issues on a priority,\" said Kadu.He further urged Hazare and his team to stop making remarks against Sonia and Rahul Gandhi because of personal grudges.\"Instead, Hazare and his team should pay more attention to corruption issues related to the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and corruption cases involving BJP leader Yeddyurappa .\"Meanwhile, Radheshyam Jagtap, president of the Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jan Andolan Nyas, Pune district, on Monday said that Hazare will address a rally on May 25 at Bhairavnath Mandir, PMC school ground, Karvenagar, at 6 pm. He said that Hazare has been fighting against corruption for the last many years. On Friday, he will speak on the need for a strong Lokayukta in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13375034", "title": "Villagers clash violently as youth elopes with aunt in Morena district", "text": "BHOPAL: A series of violent clashes started between two families in a village in Morena district after a 35-year-old married woman reportedly eloped with a 19-year-old youth on Saturday morning.Armed villagers of Khadoli, 26 km from Morena town, allegedly abducted another woman from the youth's family at a gun point and kept her captive even as some top police officials were on the spot, trying to pacify the situation. Armed with deadly weapons, villagers have been sitting guard since Sunday afternoon demanding the return of the woman who eloped.According to the police, Neetu Shikharwar, mother of two children reportedly eloped with 19-year-old Avdesh Shikharwar. Avdesh and Neetu are distant relatives. Their families reside in the same village and the woman is the youth's aunt by relation. However, the village with a population of over 5,000 was aware of a love affair between the two. Avdesh works in a diamond cutting unit in Surat in Gujarat and is financially doing well. He had come home from Surat for a few days.But all hell broke loose when Neetu's husband Mayaram discovered that his wife for nearly 20 years had eloped with Avdesh who was the neighbour's son and his nephew. More than 700 men, armed with guns, sticks and sharp-edged weapons gathered at the village where a panchayat was called to address the issue. On Sunday, the panchayat gave its verdict that Neetu was to be traced and returned to her husband by the youth's family.Avdesh's family said that the youth was wayward and out of their control. They also did not have information about the couple's whereabouts. The matter was taken to Devgarh police station where a missing report was filed.Angry over the police inaction, villagers attacked the youth's family. A violent armed clash followed between both the families involving more than 1,500 persons with several rounds of firing throughout Sunday. Mayaram Shikarwar led a mob, which entered Avdesh's house and at gun point abducted a married woman, identified as Rekha. \"Bring back my wife or this married woman stays with me,'' Mayaram told Avdesh's parents.A large contingent of police force was called and senior officers tried to talk to both the sides out of the present crisis. But villagers are adamant - they want Neetu back, failing which Rekha remains with Mayaram. Half the village is guarding the door where they have kept Rekha captive.DIG Chambal range DP Gupta said on Monday, \"The woman who eloped did so on her own. The police cannot help in such a situation. But the abduction of another woman is serious. We have registered a case of kidnapping against 25 persons. Mayaram Shikharwar is the prime accused.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13370987", "title": "Ramps for wheelchair users at Patna Junction", "text": "PATNA: The railways is developing Patna junction as a friendly station for the differently-abled passengers. After making available the facilities of separate booking counters, wheelchair parking, waiting hall and toilets, it has constructed ramps at different points for such passengers for their easy access to the platform.Patna Junction is a major hub of passenger trains under Danapur division of East Central Railway (ECR). Around one lakh passengers visit Patna Junction every day. The Railway Board has directed all the zonal heads to take initiative for easy train journey of passengers, particularly the differently-abled ones.According to divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, railways has provided the basic facilities for the differently-abled passengers at Patna Junction. Now, access ramps have been constructed at a few points for such persons, he said.That apart, railways has taken special care to further improve the amenities for physically challenged passengers at Patna Junction and other major stations under the division. 'May I Help You' booth, which has been set up on platform No. 1 at Patna Junction, has been made functional for such passengers during peak hours at the station, the DRM said.According to sources, Railway Board has directed each zone to make stations falling under A1, A and B categories friendly for differently-abled passengers. More such stations are being identified in each railway zone. Railways has decided to make all major stations disabled-friendly in 2012-2013, sources said.An official said the Railway Board had already approved the plan to construct 100 escalators at 50 major stations of religious and historical importance.Patna Junction has been selected to be developed as an ideal station for physically challenged passengers. An executive director of the board recently inspected the facilities for differently-abled and women passengers at Patna Junction.According to an ECR official, railways has selected about 1,500 stations which would be developed as 'disabled-friendly' stations across the country. It has also decided to build more access ramps at different stations under the ECR and reserved parking slots for them in the circulating areas. Low-height water taps for the differently-abled passengers are being installed at all major stations under the ECR, he said.Railways recently introduced friendly coaches for the differently-abled passengers in most of the mail and express trains. It has provided non-slippery walkway and special signage for differently-abled and visually impaired passengers at most of the stations, including Patna Junction, the board official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13366007", "title": "Election Commission\u2019s no to transfers in bypoll-bound districts before June 15", "text": "HYDERABAD: Refusing permission to the state government to carry out routine administrative transfers in 12 districts where byelections are being held, the Election Commission of India has asked it to carry out the same after June 15, the day of counting of votes and announcement of results.Chief electoral officer Bhanwar Lal on Monday said the government was informed of the ECI's decision. As on Monday, 33 candidates filed their nominations in various assembly constituencies. In constituencies like Narasannapeta, Payakaraopet (SC), Narasapuram, Ongole, Udayagiri and Rayachoti, candidates have not even filed a single nomination.Prominent candidates who filed their nominations for assembly bypolls on Monday included Chikkala Ramachandra Rao (Ramachandrapuram), Pinneli Lakshma Reddy (Macherla) and Bhumana Karunakar Reddy (Tirupati). Meanwhile, Chandra Rajagopal filed his nomination on behalf of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) for Nellore parliamentary constituency taking the total number of candidates in fray to two. Elections are being held in one Lok Sabha and 18 assembly constituencies.The CEO said he sought a report from the Warangal district collector after the BJP urged ECI to direct the officials concerned to initiate criminal proceedings against TRS chief K Chandrasekhar Rao for his provocative and inflammatory speech in Parkal on Sunday. The BJP submitted to ECI couple of media clippings relating to KCR's provocative speeches made in Parkal to strengthen their argument.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13370202", "title": "Alina attributes her victory to people of Cortalim", "text": "PANAJI: Alina Saldanha, who has won the Cortalim byelection unopposed and who became the BJP's first woman MLA in Goa, attributed her victory to God, to her late husband, former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha, and to the BJP workers who unitedly ensured she won unopposed in Cortalim.Saldanha, who was felicitated at the BJP head office in Panaji on Monday afternoon, told TOI that Monday, May 21 is a special date because it completes exactly two months of Matanhy's demise. \"Exactly on the 21th, the BJP has again got 21 MLAs, that too elected unopposed,\" Saldanha said.She said she attributed her victory to the people of Cortalim and to the BJP workers, right from the central leadership to the booth-level workers, who all unitedly worked to ensure her victory and that the Cortalim seat was retained by the BJP. \"It is their way of paying tribute to Matanhy. It also gives me an opportunity to tell the people once again that I will always be there for them. I will work hard and sincerely to fulfill the dreams that Matanhy had for Cortalim and for Goa at large,\" Saldanha said.Asked what ministerial portfolio she was hoping to get, Saldanha said she was not thinking of any portfolios right now. \"I am only thinking that I have to do my best. I have been entrusted with a huge responsibility and I have to be worthy of that responsibility,\" Saldanha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ongole", "code": "13366308", "title": "Evangelist K A Paul held for murder plot", "text": "ONGOLE: Evangelist K A Paul was arrested by the district police in the early hours of Monday on the charge of conspiring to murder an accused in the murder of his brother two years back. The police claimed that Paul tried to bribe the team that went to arrest him from a hotel here in order to drop the charges against him. However, his offer was allegedly spurned and the Christian preacher arrested, produced before a local magistrate and remanded to 14-day judicial custody.Paul was booked for criminal conspiracy (120-B), attempt to murder (307) and abetment (109) sections of the IPC as well as Section 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act.Fifty-one year old Paul, who is the president of Prajasanthi political party, had arrived in this town on Sunday night to campaign for his candidate in the bypolls for the Ongole assembly constituency. According to the police, Paul was in talks with taluk inspector Srinivasa Rao to get Kotewswar Rao, accused in the murder of the evangelist's brother K David Raju, killed and had reportedly offered a reward of Rs one crore. The local cops played along but got the entire conversation between Paul and Srinivasa Rao recorded as evidence before effecting the arrest on Monday morning.Brother met with his end after parting ways with PaulAccording to the police, Paul's brother David Raju was found dead under suspicious circumstances near Komireddipalli village of Addakula mandal in Mahbubnagar district in February 2010.Since the vehicle Raju was travelling in was in a mangled condition, it was initially thought to be a road accident but after investigations, following complaints from the family members of the deceased, it was established as murder.The death of David Raju, who was the founder of Christian organization Gospel to the Unreached Millions (GUM), occurred soon after he parted ways with his brother Paul.After investigations, Koteswara Rao, an aide of Paul, was named accused number one in the murder of David Raju. It was on the charge of attempting to murder Koteswara Rao, a Hyderabad resident, that the Ongole police nabbed Paul on Monday. Apparently, Prajasanthi Party's Ongole assembly candidate told Paul that the local cops would help him in eliminating Koteshwara Rao and accordingly, the evangelist contacted inspector Srinivasa Rao and offered him Rs one crore to eliminate Koteswara Rao in an encounter.Srinivasa Rao informed SP Raghurami Reddy about Paul's offer and subsequently, the inspector continued with his negotiations with Paul on the murder and the same was recorded on a spy camera even as Koteswara Rao summoned to Ongole and detained. When Srinivasa Rao came to arrest Paul from the hotel on Monday morning, the latter reportedly offered the inspector Rs three lakh to drop all the charges and promised to pay him more later. Paul was arrested, produced at the residence of II nd additional district sessions judge M Kavitha before the courts could open for the day, and remanded to 14 days judicial custody and lodged in the local jail.Paul reportedly claimed to the media that those who had troubled him in the past (referring to YSR) are no more, and that those behind his arrest on Monday, namely chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy, will meet the same fate. Along with Paul, his Ongole assembly bypoll candidate and another person was arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13384690", "title": "Opposition uproar forces Lok Sabha adjournment till noon", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition uproar over the train accident in Andhra Pradesh that claimed 15 lives and a government auditor's report on coal blocks allocation led to an adjournment of the Lok Sabha till noon on Tuesday.Soon after it met on the last day of the Budget session, members from the opposition benches raised the two issues, just as Speaker Meira Kumar took up the question hour.However, opposition members, particularly from the Left parties, raised slogans and waved a newspaper copy carrying the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report on the allocation of coal blocks between 2004 and 2009 without auction, which the CAG said resulted in undue benefit to private parties to the tune of Rs.1.8 lakh crore (US $40 billion).Some other opposition members raised the urgent issue of the train accident involving the Hampi Express that hit a stationary goods train in Anantapur district. The accident killed 15 persons in the early hours of Tuesday.The agitated opposition members trooped towards the speaker's chair and continued with their slogan shouting.As her plea to let the question hour continue went unheeded, Meira Kumar adjourned the house till noon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13366460", "title": "Commonwealth Games Village flats auction windfall for Delhi Development Authority", "text": "NEW DELHI: The auction of Commonwealth Games Village flats brought about a windfall for Delhi Development Authority on Monday. The land owning agency recorded a net profit of nearly 120% by auctioning a five-bedroom flat at Rs 24,137 per sq ft while it was bought at Rs 11,000 per sq ft from private developer Emaar MGF three years ago. DDA had received bids for 87 flats over the last one month, which were opened at Vikas Sadan on Monday to ascertain the market price for selling rest of the flats in its kitty at the Games Village.DDA had bought 333 flats from Emaar MGF at Rs 11,000 per sq ft by spending Rs 769 crore in all. If DDA goes on to sell rest of these flats at the price recorded on Monday, it may end up making a profit of nearly Rs 900 crore. DDA owns a total of 711 flats at the Games Village, which are now likely to be sold to public sector undertakings and government agencies.The highest bid received at the auction was of Rs 7,31,87,969 (Rs 24,137 per sq ft) against a reserve price of Rs 5,21,87,951 crore (Rs 17,205 per sq ft) - an increase of 40.23%. The five-bedroom flat at tower-14 was auctioned to Delhi State Cooperative Bank Limited. The highest rate offered was actually Rs 24,195 per sq ft for another flat in the same tower but since its area was smaller, the final amount was Rs 7,27,06,472. DDA officials were ecstatic after the auction, especially in the aftermath of Shunglu Committee pulling it up for buying flats from the private developer at a bailout of Rs 11,000 per sq ft in May 2009. Monday's bid was all DDA needed to refute the allegation of causing a loss to the exchequer.\"The response of PSUs, banks and autonomous bodies was very good. We received multiple bids for specific flats. Normally, only 50-60% flats receive bids in such auctions but we managed to receive them for 87 out of 110 flats. The average bid on Monday was Rs 21,000 per sq ft,\" said Asma Manzar, commissioner, DDA housing.The CWG flats, which were being auctioned on an experimental basis, turned out to be a golden goose for DDA. State Bank of India successfully bid for maximum number of flats. \"We won 32 of the 36 flats, which we had bid for in tower 1 and 14,\" said Umesh Goyal, an SBI official.Other PSUs including HPCL, ONGC, Punjab &amp; Sind Bank, Delhi State Cooperation Bank Limited, Agriculture Insurance Cooperation of India (AICL), and National Insurance Company Limited also successfully bid for a number of flats.The authority received over 218 bids for flats in towers 1, 9 and 14. Though private bidders were outdone by the PSUs, a few like Sanjeev Dangi were lucky. \"It is a dream come true for me. The bidding was very competitive but I am delighted at having secured a flat in the CWG Village. I am elated,\" said Sanjeev Dangi, a businessman from Jaipur, who now owns a three-bedroom flat in Tower 9. He had bid Rs 3.92 crore for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13369189", "title": "Speaker Meira Kumar travelled abroad once every 37 days, shows RTI reply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar has travelled abroad as many as 29 times in 35 months since assuming office: a frequency that translates into a trip nearly every 37 days.The former IFS officer visited these countries accompanied by MPs belonging to various parties as well as senior officials of the Lok Sabha Secretariat incurring a total expenditure of nearly Rs 10 crore, according to information secured by activist Subhash Agarwal under the RTI Act.Kumar, who was elected Speaker on June 3, 2009, has travelled abroad for 146 days until April 30 this year.The country most visited by her is Switzerland, with the Lok Sabha Secretariat saying it was the work related with Inter-Parliamentary Union which took her to the popular holiday destination.For IPU work, Kumar has undertaken seven visits to four countries -- Switzerland four times, while once each to the US, Panama and Thailand .In addition, she visited Trinidad and Tobago , UK, Sri Lanka , Isle of Man, Swaziland , Kenya and Tanzania for what the Lok Sabha Secretariat described as work related to the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association.The disclosure coincides with pointers about the possibility of Kumar emerging as Congress's probable nominee for Rashtrapati Bhavan in case the frontrunners stumble. Trinamool boss and West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee has expressed support for her.This is not Kumar's maiden brush with controversy. She had hit the headlines recently following the RTI disclosure about the ministry of urban development waiving off the Rs 2 crore it had billed the Speaker for her stay at 6, Krishna Menon Marg, the sprawling bungalow that was earlier with her late father, Jagjivan Ram.Kumar also took parliamentary delegations to Italy, Austria , Mauritius , Bhutan , Hungary , Luxembourg , Mongolia , Mexico, Vietnam , Republic of Korea, Sweden , Denmark, Japan, Iran, Chile, Uruguay and Paraguay.In five visits to the US, Trinidad and Tobago, Sri Lanka, Isle of Man and Swaziland, she was only accompanied by Parliament officials while in the rest of the visits, she was also accompanied by MPs.According to the reply, total expenses on these visits were Rs 9.89 crore. She also gave gifts worth Rs 11.66 lakh to her hosts.The Speaker also extensively travelled in India, particularly to Varanasi, Hyderabad, Patna and Ranchi, running up a bill of Rs 10.53 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13385695", "title": "Ram and Priya to separate?", "text": "Everybody's talking about the track leap in the Ram Kapoor and Sakshi Tanwar starrer Bade Achhe Lagte Hain on Sony TV and the buzz is already creating a huge stir as speculations are rife as to what exactly will happen on the show.Well, the story will leap five- seven years into the future where Ram will be married to Priya's sister Ayesha (Chahat Khanna) and the two will have a five year old son. Ram's younger brother Siddhanth (Mahesh Shetty) who is in love with Ayesha will ditch her when he feels she comes between the family and is causing trouble. But here's the most interesting part. Sources inform that Ayesha and Ram's kid has actually been fathered by Siddhanth when the two were very much in love.Sources further inform that Priya will find a new love and the search for her groom is on. The final decision will be taken once Ekta Kapoor is back from her holiday. Chahat Khanna confirmed the news \"Yes the leap will take place and that's confirmed but how and which way has not been decided yet finally. Some actors are aware of the track leap and some are not so we all are waiting for a confirmation by the end of this month or beginning next month\".We also heard that Chahat was reluctant to play a mother which may force her to bid adieu to the show to which she replied \"I have not decided anything as yet. I can't say as of now\".Well, all we can say that if this track leap takes place, it all works well within the family!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13369896", "title": "Anti-corruption bureau arrests two for accepting bribe", "text": "PUNE: The Pune anti-corruption bureau (ACB) on Monday arrested a block education officer and the office superintendent of the education department of Welha panchayat samiti while accepting Rs 3,000 as a bribe from a suspended primary teacher in order to sanction his subsistence allowance.The ACB said the block education officer Sangita Dattatreya Ghodekar (28) is from Ambegaon while the office superintendent Prakash Hindurao Talap (45) is from Welha. A complaint has been lodged by Sukhdeo Lalaji Mane (38) of Pimpri with the ACB.Police inspector P M Shinde of the ACB said that Mane, a primary school teacher in a school run by the Welha panchyat samiti, was suspended from service since March 2011, after a case was registered against him with Karjat police station in Ahmednagar district.During the period of suspension subsistence allowance of Rs 13,674 was granted to Mane. He had approached Ghodekar and Talap for sanctioning the amount. \"The duo however demanded Rs 5,000 as bribe to sanction the amount,\" Shinde said.On May 18 Mane lodged a complaint against Ghodekar and Talap with the ACB. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Talap near a restaurant while accepting Rs 3,000 as bribe from Mane. We also arrested Ghodekar,\" Shinde said.The ACB team comprised police inspector Sangita Patil, police constables Sitaram Dhavade and Bharat Khaladkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13366070", "title": "Top cop set to face forgery trial", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Supreme Court on Monday made it clear that senior IPS officer Umesh Kumar had to face the trial in the criminal court for all the offences, including the case pertaining to forging of an MP's letter, filed by CID. The letter accusing DGP V Dinesh Reddy of involvement in property transactions was proved to be a forged one and Umesh was suspected to be the brain behind this.Earlier a single judge of AP HC had quashed the forgery charge against Umesh while retaining all other charges.Hearing an appeal on the HC order, the bench of Justices Deepak Varma and Mukhopadhyaya stayed the quashing of the forgery charge and made it clear that the trial court should continue to try Umesh in the case until further orders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13374032", "title": "CBSE Class 10 results: 99.6% pass, many report perfect 10s", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) published the results of class 10 for the Chennai region on Monday. As many as 99.66% of the 1,52,086, who appeared for the board and school-based tests in the region have qualified for admission to class 11.In the Chennai region, 97,259 took the board exam, while 54,741 opted for the school-based test this year. As many as 21,884 students, including 16,466 students, appeared for the class 10 exams in the state this year.A Deepshika, a class 10 student of Sir Sivaswami Kalalaya Senior Secondary School, who scored a perfect 10, said, \"It was so unexpected. I was sitting in my coaching class when my friend told me about the results. After that I couldn't stop thinking about it and couldn't wait for my class to get over. I am so happy.\"Many schools reported that several of their students had secured the highest cumulative grade point average of 10 by securing the highest grade (A1) in five subjects. While 28 students in PSBB, Nungambakkam, secured a CGPA of 10, 18 students in Bhavan's Rajaji Vidyashram secured a perfect 10, and seven in Sir Sivaswami Kalalaya secured the top score. L Neelakanta Pillai, principal of Kola Perumal Chetty Vaishnav Senior Secondary School, said, \"About 10% of our students have secured a CGPA of 10 thanks to the implementation of CCE. We hope that the system will soon be extended to class 12 as well. Then, like western countries, our children too will be happy doing what they do best.\"The board does not declare a student pass or fail. It allows students who have scored either A1, A2, B1, B2, C1, C2 or D grades to continue to the next class. Students with E1 or E2 grades are declared eligible for improvement of performance.\"The students will be given a certificate of continuous and comprehensive evaluation comprising of their performance in classes 9 and 10. The performance encompasses their achievements in scholastic as well as co-scholastic areas,\" said regional officer of the Chennai region D T Sudharshan Rao.Despite the CBSE making board exams optional in a bid to reduce exam-related stress , nearly 64% of the students who appeared for the test in the Chennai region opted for the board exam. Overall, more than 75% of class 10 students in CBSE schools opted for the board exam this year.Candidates can apply for verification of marks within 21 days of the declaration of results and those who wish to apply for improvement of performance can apply before June 22 without late fee. The tentative date of this examination will be July 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13365728", "title": "Thieves break into Shivaji college, leave empty-handed", "text": "AMRAVATI: A group of unidentified dacoits broke into Shivaji Science College and beat up the security guard and then locked him in a room in the wee hours of Monday. However, despite searching the whole college, they could not find any cash and had to leave empty-handed.On Monday, miscreants entered the college and tied up the security guard Himmat Kaware to a chair in the statistics department. They then broke into the principal VG Thakare's cabin, chemistry laboratory, administrative office and coffers also but did not find cash anywhere so they returned empty-handed.Early morning, Kaware freed himself and informed the police and college authorities. Offences under relevant sections of IPC have been registered and further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13365796", "title": "Yashodhara Nagar cops nabbed accepting Rs 10k bribe", "text": "NAGPUR: A police officer and his subordinate were arrested by the local unit of the state Anti-Corruption Bureau from Sharda chowk on Kamptee Road on Monday. The duo was caught red-handed by the ACB sleuths in disguise while accepting Rs 10,000 cash as bribe for not including a name as an accused in a case.Assistant police inspector Santosh Singh Thakur and assistant sub-inspector Ramesh Upadhyay, now in ACB custody, were attached to Yashodhara Nagar police station. It is learnt they were trying to settle an issue with the accused in a riot case registered on May 16. Intriguingly, Thakur is batchmate of ACB inspector Pratap Ingle who was part of the trap team. It is also learnt that the trapped ASI Upadhyay's younger brother had been posted as guard at the Civil Lines office of ACB.An FIR was lodged against Ahmed Ali and his younger son Imran who had allegedly thrashed a Disc Jockey at an engagement function at Yogi Arvind Nagar. DJ Manoj Kripane was assaulted for playing music beyond the stipulated 11 pm deadline. An offence of riot and assault was registered against Ahmed Ali, his son Imran and others. Yashodhara Nagar police had arrested six people for their involvement in the riot the following day.Deputy superintendent of police, ACB Nagpur, HR Reddiwar said the culprit cops were threatening Ahmed Ali that they would include his elder son Abbas's name also in the FIR and arrest him. \"The Alis approached ACB with the complaint about bribe being demanded for not doing so,\" he said. Apart from DySP Reddiwar, ACB PI Ingle, the trap team comprised Sanjay Thakur, constables Subhas Tanorkar, Subhash Dhok and others.The Alis were informed a day before by API Thakur and ASI Upadhyay that they were supposed to attend the court of the executive magistrate chaired by the assistant commissioner of police, Lakadganj division, for preventive action under Section 107 of CrPC.The Alis and other accused reached the ACP's office where they were made to wait for long before being intimated that their documents were yet to reach from Yashodhara Nagar police station. They were told at the Yashodhara Nagar police station preparation was being made to arrest Abbas. In case the Alis wanted that Abbas be spared, they were required to make payments.\"The Alis went to Yashodhara Nagar police station in the morning. The ACB team waited at a spot close by. We had already verified the complaint by eavesdropping on the conversation between the cops and the victim,\" said a member of ACB trap team. ASI Upadhyay was the first to reach the designated place and accepted the bribe amount. The ACB team pounced upon him. Upadhyay is learnt to have said he had collected the amount on the behalf of API Thakur.The ACB team made Upadhyay call up Thakur who reached the spot too. The team then nabbed Thakur after he pocketed the money after receiving it from Upadhyay. The searches at the places of Thakur and Upadhyay were on. An offence has been registered against them at Yashodhara Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365493", "title": "Unable to repay debts, businessman hangs self", "text": "HYDERABAD: Unable to repay his debts, a 42-year-old businessman committed suicide by hanging himself at his residence in Jeedimetla on Monday. The victim has been identified as M Nageswar Rao of APIIC Colony in Jeedimetla. He used to run a small-scale unit called DN Power Ltd.The company manufactures breakers used in electric transformers. To run the factory, Nageswar Rao had borrowed Rs 63 lakh from several sources.Moreover, Rao had also lent about Rs 45 lakh which was distributed amongst several people. Of late, he had suffered losses in his business and money-lenders too began putting pressure on Rao asking him to return the borrowed money.Unable to procure the money, Rao committed suicide by hanging himself from his ceiling fan at his residence in the wee hours of Monday.In his suicide note, Rao said that he had decided to end his life as he was in no condition to clear his debts, Jeedimatla police said. Rao is survived by a wife and two children. A case has been booked under section 174 (suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13366509", "title": "AIIMS, doctor ordered to pay Rs 2L to patient\u2019s kin", "text": "NEW DELHI: All India Institute of Medical Sciences and a former AIIMS cardiac surgeon have been ordered by the National Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission to jointly pay Rs 2 lakh as compensation to the family of Asha Mathur, who had died immediately after an angioplasty procedure in March, 1994.In addition to the compensation, commission president V B Gupta also ordered them to pay interest on the amount at the rate of 9% since the date of the complaint.Immediately after the death of Mathur, the surgeon, Dr Upendra Kaul handed her family a certificate declaring that during the PCTA (angioplasty) procedure, she had developed \"acute closure of the dilated vessel.\" Repeat dilation did not work and after the stent was placed, she had a cardiac arrest and was put on \"percutaneous cardio-pulmonary support\" or PCPS. Despite that, her brain function didn't return and she was declared dead.Now the case hinged on the time taken for the PCPS machine to be put into action. The complainant alleged that the machine was not in the Cath Lab (where the angioplasty was performed) and the doctor was seen running to another room to fetch it. The hospital argued that the patient and her family had been fully apprised of the risks involved and that the PCPS machine wasn't always kept in the Cath Lab.The hospital's report also says that the PCPS was instituted \"within 30 minutes\" of cardiac arrest. It should've been in place in four minutes for it to work. The judgment says that the response of Kaul \"shows that the heart and lung machine was eventually used but gives no idea of exactly how \"immediately\" it was put to use.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13374558", "title": "Many colonies in Indore cry for streetlights", "text": "INDORE: Some of the major residential colonies in the city are perennially plunged into darkness owing to lack of proper street lights.Many colonies including Meghdoot Nagar, Bajrang Nagar, Nanda Nagar, Nehru Nagar, Babaji Nagar, Janta Colony, Chandan Nagar, Nirani nagar, Grater Brijeshwari, Veena Nagar, Ambedkar colony do not have proper street lights. While colonies like Vasant Vihar, Scheme No. 78, 54, 74, Srinagar extension, Tilak Nagar, Manishpuri, Saket Colony, Gulmohar lack proper maintenance of streetlights.Jaya Motwani, a resident of Vasant Vihar, says, \"Only few street lights work in our society and it becomes very difficult to drive or walk in the dark. We filed a complaint but no one took charge of the problem.\"Meenu Sinha, a teacher living at scheme no. 54 says, \"There are no or very less lights. They are placed at long distances. Many anti-social elements enter the colony. There have been cases of chain snatching and theft. Kids playing outside on the roads are not safe. There are no lights on the turns and many accidents have occurred earlier.\"Kavish Khandelwal, a student residing at Srinagar extension, says, \"The main streets of the colony do not have proper lights and many cases of theft and eve teasing have been registered in recent times. The residents face many problems but no one takes charge of the issues.\"Banita Jain, resident of Manishpuri says, \"Many cases of accidents have been witnessed in the society due to the dysfunction of the installed street lights. The uneven roads are very difficult to walk on in the dark. People are forced to install their personal lights to lighten up the area around their houses.\" Vaishali khotari, a student residing at Tilak Nagar says, \"Due to the dark streets in the society my parents restrict me from driving at night. In the absence of proper light it becomes difficult to spot the people riding on bicycles or people walking on the street. Cases of eve teasing have also increased and women and girls are not safe on the streets at night. Praful Joshi, a social worker, says that almost 60% of the 400 colonies have no proper streetlights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13370883", "title": "Mission admission: New horizon", "text": "PATNA: It's admission time. In the next few weeks, thousands of students, like in the previous years, will step out of school to pursue higher studies. For years, Delhi, as the country's main centre of learning, has become the most favourite destination for students. From today, The Times of India will introduce its special campaign, Mission Admission, in Bihar to help students choose the best available path. The campaign aims at resolving queries of admission-seekers through an online forum - admission.itimes.com. The website, designed with an objective of connecting and engaging with students, will be functional from Tuesday. In 2011, thousands of students relied on the Mission Admission website to get the latest information on admission procedures and also to interact with senior students from different universities. The website has now been updated with new features and facilities for students who can sign up free of cost. Registered users can regularly interact with our panel of experts about courses, colleges, eligibility criteria and opportunities. The panel comprises students, who are already in colleges. This ensures that all fears and doubts of aspirants are understood and appropriately addressed.The panel had responded to as many as 3,500 queries during the admission season last year. Another useful feature is going to be the course-eligibility calculator. It can be used to find out the course-college combination that matches your marks. Students can also access cut-off marks on the website. The website is also ideal for social networking on the itimes.com platform.There are College Groups, which aspirants can join to connect with other admission-seekers and old batchmates, and also read about the profiles of different colleges. Features like wall updates enhance the online experience making it more fun and engaging.Our expert panel of counsellors and the College Editorial Board Team (CEBT) of Education Times will help you with every conceivable query. If you have a question; simply post it on the Q&A; page under the relevant subject. Your question will be answered by one of our panelists (you can see their profiles on the experts tab).CAPITAL CALLING Delhi is one of the largest hubs of undergraduate education in north India. The network of colleges that come under the University of Delhi (DU) still remain one of the most popular choices. Students can apply from across the country. The university has no quota or reservation. Established in 1922, DU, over the plast eight decades, has grown into one of India's largest universities. Four campuses have been developed - North, South, West and East. Twelve arts and science and education institutions are conferred with autonomous status. Over 30 affiliated colleges, conduct research programmes leading to M Phil and Ph D.The university offers courses in four major streams - arts, humanities, commerce, mathematical sciences, sciences &amp; applied sciences. Detailed information can be obtained from the website: du.ac.in. You can also post you queries on the Q&A; section on this website.NEW-AGE COURSES AT DUTests for admission to some of the most sought-after courses will begin even before the actual admission process sets off on June 4. To begin with, the faculty of applied social sciences and humanities will hold combined journalism entrance test (CJET) and joint entrance test for BA (honours) in business economics, business studies and financial investment analysis on June 3. BBE, BBS and BFIA are popular among commerce students and require the candidate to have studied mathematics in class XII. The faculty has received 19,000 applications for a total of 891 seats. So the competition is tough and teachers advise candidates to practise sample questions to do well in the test.\"The candidates should have good quantitative and reasoning ability. They should solve questions in the previous years' papers available online to prepare for the joint entrance test. The pattern of the paper may not necessarily be the same but it will give them a good practice,\" said Poonam Verma, principal, Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies that offers all three courses. She added, \"Also, make sure not to answer by fluke in the test as candidates will be negatively marked for wrong answers.\"For those set to appear for CJET, it's imperative to read newspapers and catch up with developments in politics and current affairs. \"We expect aspiring journalists to be aware of current affairs and have good language skills,\" advised Tarjeet Sabharwal, convenor, CJET 2012, which is likely to have objective-type questions as well as essays. Though BA (honours) journalism focuses primarily on news media, aspirants can opt for other branches of media like film-making and new media by studying bachelor of mass media and mass communication (BMMMC) offered only in IP College for Women.The forms will be available from June 1 to 20 and the test will be conducted in two rounds. The objective-type eliminatory round will be held on July 1 followed by the second round on July 6. The course covers electronic and print media, advertising, public relations besides other branches of media. \"Candidates need to have a good general awareness and an equally good command over English. We have 52 seats, including 26 for general category. The placements at the end of final year are also quite encouraging with average salary of Rs 25,000,\" said Manasvini M Yogi, convenor, BMMMC.Besides, professional courses, BA (hons) English also has a common entrance test. Twenty-one colleges will admit students through a Common Admission Test to be held on June 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13366690", "title": "Corruption alleged in water supply tender", "text": "WARDHA: Gram panchayat in Goji village has accused the district water supply department of corruption and partiality while giving out tender for the water supply project.On May 11, the tender of water supply project for Goji, situated 12km from Wardha, was opened and given to a single contractor. There were other three applications also, which were rejected due to insufficient documents.However, the question raised by vice sarpanch of Goji, Atul Dive, was that if the documents were not complete, and there was only one application left, the department must have floated the tender again as per the rule.He also complained that the advertisement which was published in the newspaper and the tender notice, which was published on ZP website, was different. According to the website, the last date of tender submission was May 12 but the printed advertisement mentioned it be May 11, which was the actual date.Dive said that the tender was of more than Rs 30 lakh and cannot be given to a Class 5 A contractor but the branch engineer Dipak Dhote and executive engineer S Borkar have awarded this project to T Bhandari contractor, who is class 5 A contractor.When contacted, Dhote said that the department will conduct an inquiry into the objections. \"Till last year, executive engineer used to conduct tendering process. But since this year, gram panchayat has been given the responsibility. This may have resulted in the errors in the tender in newspaper and website,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13384689", "title": "Prince William had sleepless nights before wedding", "text": "Prince William has revealed that he struggled to nod off before tying the knot with the Duchess of Cambridge due to his nervousness and the blaring crowds who spent the night in The Mall .The 29-year-old prince admitted that he just slept for half an hour, as a horde of excited supporters cheered and sang outside his window in the Clarence House.\"I hadn't slept at all that night because obviously all the crowds were on The Mall,\" the Mirror quoted him as saying.\"They were singing and cheering all night long. So, the excitement of that, the nervousness of me and everyone singing meant I slept for about half an hour.\"So when I did get up in the morning, I can say that I had prepared myself totally by that point. It was a case of just going out there and trying to enjoy the moment and also get through it. But it was good fun, it was really good fun,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371989", "title": "Promoter, son arrested for murder contract", "text": "KOLKATA: The greed of acquiring a piece of land led a promoter and his son to plan the murder of seven people who had opposed their designs. The duo, residents of Khardah's Morolpara in North 24-Parganas, allegedly hired were arrested from Khardah in North 24 Parganas for hiring a contract killer for Rs 7 lakh to kill the seven members of a local club. who had protested that the promoter had forcefully grabbed their plot.Besides the contract killer, police rounded up the promoter and his son on Monday. was also arrested.The incident occurred at Khardah's Bandipur, Morolpara.A dispute was going on for the last few months over the 16cottah plot adjoining the local Yubak Sangha club had been persistent for the past few months. The plot, lying vacant for years, was often used by the club There was no ownership of the plot for many years as the land has been used as an open playground for the locals as the club members uses to organise various social functions and programmes. Kids in the neighbourhood also used it as a playground.For the last few months, Golam Audh who according to locals is a promoter and his son Afzal had been eying the plot to construct a building, alleged locals. in an altercation with the club members.Audh had been allegedly pressuring the members of the club to hand over the plot over to him as he wanted to construct a building. However, the locals led by the club members had raised their voice in protest and refused to hand over the land to him. of taking over the plot andThey even took out had also brought out a procession three weeks ago to resist forceful grabbing of the plot. save the plot.However, trouble broke out occurred on Monday when a club member was attacked in broad daylight. One of the club members, Sirajul Ali was having a cup of tea at a tea stall when suddenly a miscreant suddenly came up to him and brandished a gun. Though the goon fired at Ali, the bullet did not get released from the gun. When he attempted to shoot again, some youths at the stall managed to overpower him and started thrashing him up. Later, he was handed over to police. Saddam Ali came at the spot. He surfaced with a pistol and tried to shoot Sirajul. Luckily, Ali had pulled the trigger but it got misfired as the bullet did not come out. He attempted to shoot again when some of the local youths who were at the tea stall managed to grab him and started beating him up. The police was called in and Ali was handed over.The assailant was identified as Saddam Ali.During interrogation, Ali confessed to the police that he was a contract killer and was hired by Audh in lieu of Rs 7 lakh. He had been instructed to kill seven members of the club, including Sirajul, who had protested against raised their voice and tried to stopAudh's from taking over possession of the plot. Ali admitted that Audh had already paid him Rs 30,000 in advance and he would have got the remaining amount once the job was done. for this job and that he would had got the money after killing all the seven persons.Based on Ali's statements, police immediately arrested Audh and Afzal. Barrackpore additional DC (headquarters) Biswajit Ghosh said there was a long standing dispute over the plot. and that the contract killer was hired by the accused person for killing the club members.The police, however, are investigating thoroughly as to whether the murder attempt was a fallout of the real estate business or whether there was any other motive behind it.The incident reflects the growing tendency of crime after the real estate boom in and around areas of Barrackpore. Local goons enjoy a healthy are growing up nexus with promoters and help them appropriate in the areas to grab disputed plots that have been are lying idle for years. Thus, incidences of murder and extortion have increased manifold. The plots are usually used to set up multi-storied buildings and this is resulting in this growing tendency of extortion and murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374229", "title": "Election to decide fate of 2 liquor shops in Satpur", "text": "NASHIK: The fate of two country liquor shops in the Shramik Nagar and Shivaji Nagar areas of the Satpur division may be decided through a vote by local residents. The exact date when local residents will cast their votes in favour or against the contiuance of the shops is expected to be announced soon.Over the past few months, the city has seen quite a few incidents of Nashikites demanding the closure of liquor shops in their respective areas. Recently, corporator of ward number 17, Dinkar Patil, staged an agitation in front of the Nashik Municipal Corporation's (NMC's) head office, Rajiv Gandhi Bhavan, to demand the closure of two country liquor shops in his area.Senior state excise officers said that the process of relocating the shop is underway and may take some time. As of now, the process of verifying the signatures of people who presented a memorandum about the removal of the shop is underway.Excise officers said that the voting will take place after the signatures of women on the application demanding the closure of the shop are verified. If not less than 25% of the women voters or total voters in any ward of the municipal corporation give a representation in writing to the concerned superintendent of state excise about closing down a particular liquor shop in their ward, the signatures on the application are verified. If the signatures are found to be correct, a secret election takes place about the closure of the shop.The concerned department uses the lastest voters' list for this election, which is held under the supervision of an officer not below the rank of deputy chief officer or assistant commissioner. Excise officers said that the ballot paper comprises two options, a picture of a 'standing bottle' for keeping the licenced liquor shop open and a sign of a 'horizontal bottle' for the closure of the shop.In the month of March, women of Padmadarshan Plaza, Gangapur Road, Anandwalli, had gone on a hunger strike to protest against a liquor shop that was supposed to be relocated to their area.The women of the area said that there was a temple of Vithal Rukmini bang opposite the place where the shop was to be relocated. By granting permission to relocate the liquor shop there meant playing with the sentiments of the worshippers at the temple. This apart, the women said there was also a medical shop just beside the spot where the concerned liquor shop was supposed to be relocated.Taking into account the agitation of the women of the area, the director of the shop gave them an assurance that he would not start his shop at the said place, following which the agitation was withdrawn. Sources said that some women had also taken up an agitation to protest a liquor shop in the Nashik Road area of the city. The owner of the shop has not opened his shop since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13370546", "title": "Ad hoc service term can't be counted for seniority: High court", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Monday ruled that services rendered by employees on an ad hoc basis prior to their regularisation can not be counted for the purposes of their seniority. Instead, their seniority shall be counted from the date of their 'substantive' appointment. It also held that the date of substantive appointment is the date of their regularisation on their posts.The ruling was given by Justice Sabhajeet Yadav on three connected writ petitions filed by clerks working in the district court, Allahabad. The petitioner, Ashok Kumar Pandey, and 13 others had filed writ petitions in the high court and challenged the order passed by the district judge, Allahabad, on July 13, 2001. The district judge, by the impugned order, had declared the respondents (clerks) working in the district judgeship, Allahabad, as senior to the petitioners. The petitioners had challenged this order in the high court on various grounds.The question for consideration before the court was whether ad hoc service rendered by the petitioners shall be computed for determination of their seniority or their seniority shall be computed from the date of their regularisation in service.The petitioners were initially appointed on ad hoc basis from October 1, 1986 to May 24, 1989 on different dates and they had continued in service till their regularisation on August 5, 1993. The respondents (clerks) whose seniority was challenged by the petitioners, were appointed as clerks in different district courts on regular basis other than Judgeship of Allahabad. They were transferred and posted in the district court, Allahabad, on different dates from October 14, 1992 to May 21, 1993. All the respondents (clerks) were working on regular basis in the district courts prior to the regularisation of the petitioners.Determining the disputes of inter-seniority of the petitioners and other respondents (clerks), the court turned down the plea of the petitioners that they were entitled for regularisation on completion of their three years continuous service on ad hoc basis and date of order of regularisation was a mere formality.The HC said, \"This argument was wholly erroneous and misconceived, therefore can not be accepted. In my view from close analysis of UP Regularisation of Ad-hoc Appointments Rules 1979, there is nothing to indicate that in case any delay is caused in considering the case of regularisation of ad hoc appointee, the appointee will either stand automatically regularised on completion of three years of continuous service or after such regularisation, his regular appointment shall relate back to the date of his initial appointment,\" maintained the judge.The court dismissed the writ petitions of the petitioners, saying that there was no fault in the order passed by the district judge on July 13, 2001. The district judge, Allahabad, is directed to give effect to the order, which was impugned by the petitioners and also directed to pass other consequential orders. The court allowed the writ petition, filed by the respondents (clerks).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13374453", "title": "Temperature crosses 43 degrees in this season", "text": "KANPUR: Monday became the hottest day of the season so far with the mercury touching the mark of 43.4 degrees. Meteorological office has predicted that the temperature may touch the mark of 45 degrees Celsius soon.The minimum temperature remained at 21.8 degrees. The humidity remained below 50 per cent during morning period which reduced to 21 per cent in the afternoon. The weatherman predicted duststorm at some places in east UP.The rise in temperature is due to cyclonic disturbances and dry westerly winds blowing in the region.The meteorologists at Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology said that in comparison to the previous years, the maximum temperature in May is still low so far. Similar is the trend with the minimum temperature.The mercury touched the mark of 45 degrees in the mid of May last year, while the minimum temperature remained above normal throughout month.Meanwhile, the streets wore a deserted look due to hot winds and an unbearable heat. Those who ventured out, had their faces covered to avoid sun stroke. The speed of the wind during the day was 20 kms per hour which reduced to 10-12 kms per hour in the evening.However, in April this year, the temperature was low in comparison to previous years. In fact, the conditions were pleasant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "13374247", "title": "Villagers-cops clash in Sirsa, children injured", "text": "SIRSA: As many as nine persons, including four children and four policemen, were injured and three government vehicles and one car torched as villagers clashed with police at Kagdana village of Nathusari Chopta subdivision in the district.The clash took place after cops used force to disperse kids and villagers who blocked the Nathsari Chopta-Kagdana link road to protest against government's failure in upgrading a middle school in the village to the level of a high school.It was five hours after the incident that Sirsa SP Devender Yadav, city magistrate Satish Kumar and deputy superintendent of police (DSP) Parkash Chand reached the place.Though Yadav was incommunicable till the filing of this story, sources said that Yadav had urged the village elders to control the situation. At the same time, police was planning to register a case.The damaged vehicles included two police jeeps, a mini bus of the district education department used for ferrying cops and a car of inspector Ravi Khundia.The wounded students were discharged after medical aid while Rohit Kumar, who suffered serious injuries, was admitted to the civil hospital. Four policemen were hospitalized.Inquiries revealed that as promised by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda , residents of the village were demanding the upgradation to the middle school. To press for their demands, students locked classrooms on Monday morning and moved towards the Link road, and were later joined by village elders.Meanwhile, some youths raised anti-police and anti-administration slogans and the SHO ordered the use of force to clear the roads following which, the protesters were cane-charged. The villagers then attacked the cops, pelted stones at them, thus causing casualties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365687", "title": "Students knock high court doors for early release of Eamcet marks", "text": "HYDERABAD: Students who wrote Eamcet-2012 approached the AP high court on Monday seeking a direction to the state government for release of Eamcet marks on May 24. In view of the ongoing special advanced supplementary examinations for students who failed as well as for those who scored less in the second year Physics paper, the Eamcet committee has decided to release ranks in the second week of June. As 25% weightage is given to Inter marks in Eamcet, the committee will have to wait for the advanced supplementary results to release the ranks.The students, who also staged a protest in front of the Eamcet office, said that they wanted the committee to release their Eamcet scores on May 24 so that they would know their position in the rank list. Till last year, the committee used to release Eamcet scores first followed by ranks which are calculated based on their Intermediate marks. But this year, M V Ramana Rao, convenor of Eamcet, announced that only ranks will be released.Students said their chances of admission to colleges in other cities were in jeopardy as Eamcet officials decided to release ranks only after admissions closed in other states. With college admissions in other states beginning in the first week of June, students said they need to know their Eamcet marks in advance to know their approximate position in the state's merit list.\"Students need to know whether they stand a chance of bagging seats in good colleges in the state. Till last year, they used to get a clear picture as marks were released two weeks after Eamcet. The government should allow students to make an informed decision before they take admission in any college,\" said V Kumar, dean, Sri Chaitanya Group of Institutions. Some of the popular institutions that complete their admissions in June include, Amruta Institute, Karnataka, and Vellore Institute of Technology and S R M Institute of Technology, Tamil Nadu.The high court will hear the case on Tuesday. \"We cannot take any decision on our own. The state government decided that this year only the ranks will be announced and we are following that order. We have, however, forwarded the students' petition to higher ups who will take the final call,\" said M V Ramana Rao, Eamcet convener. Interestingly, with over 20,000 students who missed the Physics examination asking for a re-test, the Eamcet results are likely to get delayed further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368614", "title": "People\u2019s Liberation Army trained Maoists, says NIA chargesheet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Submitting documentary evidence for the first time on the nexus between Maoists and northeast insurgent outfits, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Monday filed a chargesheet against three members of the Manipur-based People's Liberation Army (PLA) for allegedly training the Red ultras and supplying them arms, ammunition and sophisticated Chinese communication devices.The chargesheet, filed in a special court in Guwahati, mentioned that the two outfits - PLA and CPI (Maoist) - had signed \"a joint declaration for unified actions of waging war against India\" during one of their meetings in Myanmar in 2008.The PLA's training modules for Maoists comprised both 'signal' and 'military' training programmes which were conducted in two phases in the Saranda forest area of Jharkhand during September-November 2010.The Saranda forest area, which once used to be a 'liberated zone' of the Maoists, came under the domination of security forces only in May-June last year.The chargesheet, carrying records of monetary transactions, was filed against self-styled chief of PLA's external affairs department N Dilip Singh alias Wangba and two other members of the outfit Senjam Dhiren Singh alias Raghu and Arnold Singh alias Becon. All three are lodged in Guwahati jail.The NIA claimed to have established that the 'nexus' had taken root way back in 2006 and the two banned outfits held a number of meetings in Delhi, West Bengal, Assam, Mizoram, Odisha, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh for delivery of 'consignments' and 'cash' since then.\"The PLA used to provide the CPI (Maoist) arms, ammunition and communication devices - procured through a network of smugglers in China and Myanmar. The Red ultras, in turn, used to provide ammonium nitrate (explosive) and cash to the northeast outfit,\" an NIA official said.He said the PLA had set up a base in Kolkata mainly to receive money, to coordinate meetings between the two groups and supplying arms, ammunition and communication devices. Leaders of both the groups used to meet in different states and also in the national Capital in order to avoid detection of the law enforcement agency, the official added.The NIA had on July 11 last year registered a case on the basis of reliable information that PLA had links with CPI (Maoist). Its subsequent investigation in coordination with Delhi Police, Kolkata Police and central intelligence agencies resulted in the arrest of the three.\"The investigation indicated that around June 2006, the PLA leadership met the top leaders of CPI (Maoist), which followed several other meetings between the two groups in 2006-2008. These meetings resulted in establishment of an office of PLA in Kolkata towards the end of 2006,\", the NIA said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13371923", "title": "Regular cleaning drives to be carried out at Ponmudi", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The increasing number of abandoned liquor bottles and plastic bottles spoiling the beauty of Ponmudi hill station has forced authorities to take strict action. Forest officials, in cooperation with the police and the Vanam Samrakshana Samithi (VSS), have decided to kick start a campaign-cum-cleaning drive at the popular tourist spot. A decision in this regard was taken by the chief conservator of forests, Kollam on Sunday.Monthly voluntary cleaning drives, in association with the Panchayat authorities, will be held. These drives will begin by the end of the month.In order to tackle the plastic menace a new system was introduced last week, wherein tourists are charged an advance sum of Rs 50 for the plastic bottles they carry before entering the upper sanatorium. The money would be returned to them only on producing the bottles on their return.Vehicles will also be checked by VSS workers at Golden Valley at the foot of the hill station to prevent tourists from carrying liquor and other banned articles to the tourist spot. If the tourists are found carrying liquor bottles, they would be asked to discard them and continue the journey. Those who refuse to cooperate would be denied entry. \"The checking will be done in such a way that the tourists will not get offended by the process.The volunteers of the VSS will be given special training to check the tourists and also spread messages to the tourists. However, the vehicles of all-male groups will be thoroughly checked,\" said district forest officer A Shanavas.The checking was conducted in the past too, but without any vigour. Henceforth, the action will be strict, he said.He also said that offenders will be slapped with charges under destruction of public property and also charges under the Indian Forest Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13365495", "title": "Indian football team to get Dutch coach?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Wim Koevermans, a former Dutch central defender who was part of the squad that won the 1988 European Championship, looks set to be India's next senior national football coach. According to sources, the 51-year-old has emerged as the top candidate in All India Football Federation's search.It has been reliably learnt that Koevermans has agreed to the terms and conditions in a two-year deal after a meeting with AIFF's technical director Rob Baan and subsequently, general secretary Kushal Das, following meetings in Goa and the Capital in the first week of May.If he does, Koevermans would arrive with impressive credentials. As the Dutch youth team coach between 2002 and 2008, he oversaw the development of current-day superstars like Wesley Sneijder, Robin van Persie, Dirk Kuyt, Klaas Jan Huntelaar, Ryan Babel and Royston Drenthe.Koervermans's appointment would be ratified by AIFF's executive committee which will meet in the first week of June. If all goes right, the new coach will take charge of the senior team early next month. The Nehru Cup in August could be Koevermans's first assignment for India.The Dutchman's appointment will end a year of uncertainty following Bob Houghton's departure as senior national coach in April last year, a spell which included Armando Colaco's return to Dempo after a brief stay in the job. It would also signal the end of current coach Savio Medeira's tenure once his contract expires on May 31, although given his experience of working under Houghton for over four years, the Goan's services could well be utilized by the new man in charge.Koevermans, who earned one international cap for the Netherlands under Ruud Gullit as captain, is currently the International High Performance Director of the Football Association of Ireland. He turned to coaching almost immediately after his retirement as a professional in 1990, and went on to coach Dutch club sides FC Groningen, RBC Roosendaal, NEC Nijmegen and MVV Maastricht between 1990 and 2000.In his current role with the Republic of Ireland, the Dutchman also doubled up as the National under-21 team coach.In India, Koevermans would be in charge of the senior team and also possibly lend his expertise in other areas such as coaches' development. Australian Arthus Papas, recently appointed coach of the under-22 team and in charge of Pailan Arrows, will provide inputs to Koevermans.With Baan given the charge of finding India's senior coach, Raymond Libregts had earlier this month come close to being appointed the coach after meeting the AIFF officials. The PSV Eindhoven youth team coach then travelled to Bangalore where the under-22 National squad is in preparation and also Kolkata, to see the facilities for the Pailan Arrows. The Dutchman, however, cited personal reasons while expressing his inability to take up the job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371858", "title": "Weekend trains cancelled for bridge repair", "text": "KOLKATA: A number of South Eastern Railway (SER) trains, including the Puri Duronto and Howrah-Bhubaneswar Jan Shatabdi Express, will remain cancelled between Friday and Sunday due to replacement of girders on a 116-year-old early steel bridge in the Jaleswar-Amarda Road section between Kharagpur and Bhubaneswar. SER has planned a 58-hour mega block in the Up line to replace three of the girders, each of which is 150feet long. Two more similar blocks will be taken at a later stage for completion of work.\"After inspection, it was realized that the condition of the girders wouldn't allow trains to move at speeds of over 20 kmph per hour across the bridge. For nearly two-and-a-half years now, mail and express trains have been losing four minutes while crossing this bridge. Once the girders are have been replaced, trains will not only be able to move across at a speed of 100kmph per hour but the passage will be much safer for passengers,\" an SER spokesperson said.The other trains that will remain cancelled are the Visakhapatnam-Digha Weekly Express, Puri-Howrah Weekly Express, Howrah-Sri Satya Sai Prashanti Nilayam Weekly Express, Shalimar-Secunderabad Weekly Express and Shalimar-Baripada Weekly Express. Several other trains will run along diverted routes and some like the Sri Jagannath Express and Dhauli Express will stop at all stations for the benefit of passengers.According to officials, a lot of planning has been done to ensure quick replacement of the girders. Nothing of this sort has been tried out earlier, they claimed. \"Special trolleys will be used to move the new girders towards the bridge. The new girders will be placed above the old ones and raised by jocks. The old girders (underslung ones) will then be cut and lowered to the river down below where boats will be waiting to ferry them away. The girders have to be lowered very carefully. If they are dropped from the top, they may cause damage to the piers. This is a unique method that is being adopted. The new girders will then be put in place and welded,\" an official said.The block will start from 5am on Friday and continue till 3pm on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "13371683", "title": "Doctor again accused of being drunk in hospital", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A state health department doctor, who was transferred from out of Baghajatin State General Hospital in November last year after complaints of attending duty in an inebriated state, has been charged with the same offence yet again, but this time in a different hospital. faces the same charge again in a different hospital this time.A woman patient and her relatives have alleged that Dr Prabir Ghosh, now posted at the BN Bose Hospital in Barrackpore, was in an inebriated state during duty hours on Sunday night at the BN Bose Hospital in Barrackpore. Probe has been ordered to verify the allegations. Now, this general physician faces a probe.A 37-year-old woman patient from Barrackpore was undergoing getting treatment at the female ward of BN Bose hospital. (a sub-divisional hospital)Dr Prabir Ghosh, who was on duty, came to the ward allegedly came on a visit to the ward in an inebriated state. The patient also alleged that the attending doctor 'misbehaved' with her.Though the complainant has not elaborated on the nature of the misbehaviour, she along with her relatives later met the hospital superintendent Dr Mridul Kanti Ghosh and narrated the incidentlater. Subsequently, she also submitted a written complaint on the same.\"I have informed the concerned officials in Swasthya Bhawan about the complaint. A probe has been started on the incident,\" said Ghoshthe hospital doctor. An inquiry committee has been set up under Dr Asit Biswas, spokesperson of the state health department, to probe the allegation.\"It seems that the said doctor suffers from some psychological disorder. After the fiasco at Baghajatin State General Hospital, he was transferred here and joined this hospital two months ago. If the probe finds him guilty, he would meet the appropriate punishment,\" said Dr Sukanta Sil, CMOH, North 24-Parganas.The doctor was suspended from duty at the Baghajatin State General Hospital in early November last year. Ghosh was found drunk on duty.Some patients even lodged a complaint against him at the Jadavpur police stationtoo. The doctor later admitted he drank alcohol during duty hours and clarified that he did so to overcome work load and also to get some relief from a joint pain. Medical tests also confirmed the presence of alcohol in his blood and urine sample.Ghosh was shunted out of the hospital after that incident and was later transferred to BN Bose Hospital in Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13366151", "title": "Government appeals against quashing of GO freezing ads to Sakshi", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government, through its information and public relations wing, filed an appeal in the high court on Monday against the interim suspension of its GO that withheld advertisements to Sakshi media group. Following the application by the media group, a single judge passed an interim order last week suspending the GO of the state because it was prima facie found to be not in tune with the guidelines framed by the information and public relations department. The state felt aggrieved by the interim order and sought its suspension.Meanwhile, Jagan firms auditor V Vijay Sai Reddy and Jagathi Publications filed a petition in the HC urging it to set aside the decision of the CBI court that is going ahead with the proceedings in Jagan assets case even though the CBI has failed to file a complete chargesheet so far. Proceeding on incomplete probes and summoning the accused basing on such efforts is irregular, they said.In a separate development, an advocate, Purushottam Reddy, filed a plea before the district magistrate and collector urging him to launch criminal proceedings against Congress leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad , chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy and others for 'converting' the public office like CM's camp office into an office where party meetings of Congress are being held.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13372790", "title": "Kamrup district administration bans filling of wetlands", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (Metro) district administration has prohibited filling up of waterbodies under the Guwahati Water Bodies (Preservation and Conservation) Act 2008.The administration has also prohibited erection of structures and extensions or reinforcement of any buildings upon waterbodies.It said carrying out any kind of business has also been banned. Activities like fish curing, aqua culture, conservation measures and flood water measures would need prior permission from the competent authority.The administration said that violation of these restrictions could lead to imprisonment of up to three years or fine up to Rs 50,000 or both.The administration also said that offences committed under this act will be treated as cognizable offences under the Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 and will be tried accordingly.However, despite the act being in existence since 2008, damage has already been done to some of the biodiversity-rich waterbodies dotting the city. Deepor Beel, a Ramsar site, is in a deplorable condition with a municipal garbage-dumping site barely 1 km from the wetland. During the rainy season, waste from the dumping site often spills over on the wetland, which draws a large number of migratory birds in winter.Deepor Beel, Borsola Beel, Sarsola Beel and Silsako Beel are some of the wetlands that have been spared the effects of rapid urbanization, thanks to the enactment of the Guwahati Water Bodies (Preservation and Conservation), Act, 2008. But the health and ecosystems of these wetlands are increasingly being threatened by construction activities on the fringes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13374293", "title": "Nashik may see country's first wine and food plaza", "text": "NASHIK: To promote the wine and dine culture in the state, the All India Wine Producers' Association has proposed setting up of Wine Chowpatty, a wine and food plaza, at some locations in the state. The association has submitted its proposal to the state government and it is under consideration.If the government gives its nod to the proposal, the first Wine Chowpatty in the country is likely to be set up along the Nashik-Aurangabad highway near Godavari Wine Park at Vinchur, 50 km away from Nashik.\"We have submitted a proposal to the state government for setting up Wine Chowpatty at some locations in the state so that people can enjoy both food and wine at one place. We also held talks with deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on the issue. The proposal is under government's consideration. The government has said that it will identify the places first and then inform the association in this connection,\" Jagdish Holkar, chairman of Indian Grape Processing Board and president of AIWPA, told TOI.He said Wine Chowpatty will be a place where space will be allocated to wineries to put up wine and food cafes. \"The wineries can tie-up with eateries to serve food. The idea is that people can enjoy both food and wine together. It will create a wine market for wineries once this concept is developed,\" Holkar said.The wine producers' association has proposed that Wine Chowpatty be set up near the highway at the Godavari Wine Park at Vinchur, so that travellers and tourists can enjoy.\"Our aim is that wine should be easily made available to consumers and Wine Chowpatty is part of this. We are also working on making wine available at cheaper rates. Presently, Indian wineries are making premium wine only and we have still not learnt to make a wine that will be cheaper than the country-made liquor. But it will soon be a reality in the next few years, as we are working on the model,\" Holkar said.Today, Nashik has emerged as wine capital of India. Of the country's total 92 wineries, Maharashtra's share is 74. As many as 36 wineries are in Nashik, 12 in Pune, 13 in Sangli, 5 in Solapur, 4 in Usmanabad, 3 in Buldhana and one in Latur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371681", "title": "Cyber campaign for apology from Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: Scores of youngsters from Jadavpur and Presidency universities have launched a cyber campaign against chief minister Mamata Banerjee for branding a group of students \"Maoists and CPM cadres\" for asking her uncomfortable questions at a TV talk show.\"Can anything be funny and terrifying at the same time?\" says one post. \"She is ruining the anti-Left movement which was a very hard fought success,\" says another.Mamata had stormed out of the show after accusing Presidency student Taniya Bharadwaj a \"Maoist\". The CM alleged that she was being asked \"only CPM and Maoist questions\". The video has gone viral on the internet.Tweets and posts have flooded social networking sites, condemning the chief minister's \"irresponsible and uninformed\" remark. They demand that Mamata apologise to Taniya for the \"slander\".Facebook is abuzz with messages from students urging each other to join a campaign against \"politics of terror\" and make sure that Taniya and the other students who were present at the show (being recorded at Town Hall last Friday) were not persecuted. Many students have uploaded the TV clip of Mamata calling Taniya a Maoist and invited Netizens to view it and lodge their protest.Shashank Shah, a Jadavpur University international relations student, who was present at the show, said his university mates felt scared initially.\"They were worried about being taken to task for angering the chief minister. Word went around that the police were looking for our telephone numbers and that we could be questioned for our supposed Maoist links. But soon we found that these fears were unfounded and realized that we should rather be protesting the unfair comments and not be afraid. We condemn her remark and will carry on our campaign on the internet,\" said Shah.\"It was unfair on her part to call Taniya a Maoist without even knowing her. She owes her an apology. Aren't Maoists and CPM supporters Indian citizens too? Don't they have the right to demand answers from the chief minister?\" he asked.Taniya said she was shocked by the chief minister's sudden outburst and taken aback when she labelled her a Maoist. But she is overwhelmed by the support she has received. \"It's heartening to know that almost every youngster in the city has expressed their disapproval of her comment and we now have a virtual campaign on the Internet,\" she said.Sriyanka Ray of Jadavpur University, who was Taniya's senior at Presidency, posted on Facebook: \"Right now at a Q&A; session with the honourable Mamata Banerjee, when asked about Madan Mitra's conduct and Park St rape case by Taniya Bhardwaj Didi threw the mike and stormed off after calling Taniya a Maoist and a CPM cadre. This is the state of Bengal.\"But Sriyanka was worried about the repercussions. \"I was a little wary of the consequences and thought twice before posting the comment. But then I did it for I knew I wasn't doing anything wrong. Neither Taniya nor the rest of us who were there at the Town Hall that evening had any political motive. In fact, my family had voted for Mamata Banerjee and I thought it was quite legitimate to ask her a few questions. I had an inkling she might lose her cool but hadn't expected her to get this nasty. If I get a chance to go to another TV show and ask her unpleasant questions, I will do it again,\" said Sriyanka.One of her Facebook posts reads: \"So now our honourable CM Mamata Banerjee is doing a background check on all of us who were there at the CNNIBN show yesterday. If this post 'vanishes', you know why. Yes this is the Mamata way of thinking - paranoid.\"Arijit Sett of Jadavpur University believes Taniya deserves an apology. \"It's perfectly in order but I don't think our chief minister will ever oblige,\" said Arijit who has uploaded the TV clip on Facebook.Second-year Presidency history student Sohail Abdi said the entire nation was laughing at Bengal for what Mamata did on the show. \"It's become a joke on the internet,\" he said. On a more serious note, Abdi added that since she represents Bengal at the highest level, her actions do count. \"I don't want India to judge West Bengal by her actions. Bengal is much bigger and better than this,\" Abdi said.It was a failure on the CM's part not to be able to answer questions, said Waled Aadnan, third-year economics student of Presidency. \"Not all questions were negative or directed against her government. She needed to be more tolerant. The entire incident was unnecessary and uncalled for. There has been a comparison between the present government and the erstwhile Left government, which in itself is an insult. However, after the incident I am a bit careful about what I upload on social networking sites,\" said Aadnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13369169", "title": "Congress pays tribute to Rajiv Gandhi", "text": "ALLAHABAD: District Congress committee and other organizations paid tributes to late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on his 2lst death anniversary on Monday. The day is observed as anti-terrorism day. A large number of Congress activists, led by CLP leader Promod Tiwari, reached Anand Bhawan and garlanded the portrait of the late leader.A condolence meeting was was held under the leadership of District congress committee president Anil Dwivedi. Tiwari said Rajiv was visionary, who wanted to build a modern India through education, science and technology. He called upon the people to remain vigilant and work for unity and urged them to fight terrorism.Mayor Jitendra Nath Singh said that Rajiv believed that the country could be developed by eradicating poverty and removing illiteracy. Unemployment could be removed by proper utilization of resources.Congress MLA Anugrah Narain Singh said that Rajiv was the architect of pro-poor liberal economy and played a vital role in providing 18 years old youth a right to vote rightThe meeting was conducted by Congress spokesman Kishore Varshney. City Congress president Shyam Krishna Pandey, minority cell convener Fuzail Hashmi and other leaders were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13371685", "title": "Miss India Worldwide to feature in Malayalam movie", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Clad in a creamy fin frilled sleeveless attire, Miss India Worldwide 2007 - Fareisha Jommenbaks was the cynosure of all eyes in the city as she spoke about her role in the upcoming Malayalam movie Annum Innum Ennum set to be released in the first week of August.Born and brought up in Suriname and pursuing her MBA in Amsterdam, Fareisha said this was her first visit to Kerala and her first Malayalam film. Speaking about her part in the film, Fareisha She said she plays the role of a model-turned actress who gets married to a divorced man played by Siddique. Conversant in English, Dutch and Bhojpuri, Fareisha said the Malayalam movie is her second film after her debut in Saiyaan Chitchor, a Bhojpuri movie.\"I have learnt a few words and dialogues in Malayalam for the film by writing it in English. I know a little bit about the Malayalam film industry and am a cultural ambassador for my country,\" Fareisha said. Stating that she would be leaving the city on Friday, Fareisha said her first priority was studies.Produced by Usha Rajesh under the Vaya Films banner and directed by Rajesh Nair, Annum Innum Ennum portrays the irony on how pretentious human relations can be and how there is a quid pro quo in all relations no matter how genuine they may seem. \"It is a new generation movie by a new generation crew. Its shooting schedule was over a week back. It was predominantly shot in and around the city capturing picturesque locations. Ramoji film city was chosen as the location for songs,\" said Usha Rajesh.Film's executive producer Sivan G Nair said, it was a kind of hotchpotch group that regrouped after 12 years in the pursuit of making a film and received a good level of attention online.The film also sends a message on how one should pursue the one who loves them rather than trying to find your true mate in one you love. The movie deals with a web of emotions neatly spun into a creative script.\"Vaya means wealth and progress andWe plan to produce at least three films under the banner of Vaya films every year and also plan to take up some community service programmes,\" the producer said.Film's executive producer Kishor Kumar said the film revolves around the concept of trust and genuineness in relationships, its strengths and weaknesses. Cinematography by Prashanth Krishna, Music by Varun Unni, lyrics by R Venugopal and BK Harinarayanan, the film editing will be by Sobin K Soman and production controller S L Pradeep. With associate director Satheesh Kumar, other members of The cast include Thilakan, Jishnu, Nishan, Asokan, Salim Kumar, Biju Kuttan, Nandu, Tashu Kaushik, Radhika, Rekha, Rosin Jolly and Seema G Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13366947", "title": "Drunk driving: Man to serve at temple", "text": "NEW DELHI: Caught driving in drunken state, but having failed to perform community service at a temple punctually as per a Delhi court order, a youth has now been asked to serve it each Thursday for two more months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13370400", "title": "IIT-Kanpur experts to review JNNURM works", "text": "LUCKNOW: Faced with a host of complaints pertaining to drainage and sewerage works executed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the Lucknow Municipal Corporation on Monday decided to get the works examined by a technical agency. Municipal commissioner NP Singh said that if possible the works will be examined under the technical guidance of experts from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur (IIT-K).The municipal corporation was flooded with complaints after residents in some of the localities claimed of a faulty drainage system in place. At times, complainants alleged that the sewer pipes were of lesser width and eventually did not cater to the ever rising load. The problem essentially cropped in localities like Janakipuram, Mahanagar and parts of Aliganj.In fact, Lucknow's former mayor Dinesh Sharma too has been raising the issue on different forum of alleged anomalies in laying of pipelines. Sources said that residents have been lodging their complaints not only with the mayor, but also various senior officials in the department of urban development.The state government has been treading cautiously after the Centre tightened the parameters for approving the funds for works to be carried out under the prestigious scheme.The state as a whole got nearly Rs 2,000 crore for drainage and sewerage works under the scheme. In Lucknow alone, around Rs 325 crore were spent on the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13373298", "title": "Shamed in raid 4 years ago, youth gave up dope", "text": "MUMBAI: For 23-year-old Aniket S, images on TV channels of youngsters hiding their faces as they were being herded out of a rave party seemed like deja vu.Four years ago, Aniket was caught in a similar raid, and that, was \"the turning point of his life\". At the party, he was self-admittedly, not using cocaine for the first time. As the police marched into the discotheque, wielding their sticks and grabbing whoever came their way, a wave of humiliation rushed over him, followed by fear. \"Even as we were being paraded in front of cameras, I promised myself to give up drugs,\" said Aniket, now a consultant in a software firm in Pune. \"The police called up my parents who came to the police station. I could not look at them or explain my presence at the club.\" He was sent for urine examination to the JJ Hospital where he tested positive for cocaine. \"I confessed to my parents that I had started consuming cannabis when I was 16. I later graduated to harder substances like heroine and occasionally cocaine,\" he said.Aniket could not put a finger on why people consumed drugs but for him, it was a way to \"fit in with the cool people in school and later college\". \"I got a sense of belonging. But it would be dishonest to blame it all on peer pressure as I had started liking it,\" he said. After he started consuming drugs, Aniket's grades in school deteriorated significantly. \"My relationship with my parents changed as I would always be in a different world. I though I had an easy solution to all my problems,\" he said. A few months after the raid where he was caught, he enrolled to the de-addiction centre at the KEM Hospital where he went for rehabilitation for a year. \"I had to regularly get my urine samples checked so that the doctors could be sure there was no trace of drug in my body,\" he said.Aniket has not consumed any drug for almost two years now. \"All addicts have dependence issue. The idea is to treat the addictive personality, rather than the addiction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13368596", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 body floats Fali S Nariman\u2019s name for President", "text": "NEW DELHI: A lawyers' association on Monday proposed eminent lawyer and constitutional expert Fali S Nariman's name for the post of President, elections for which are to be held in July.The Society of Indian Law Firms (SILF) said \"political parties should cut across party lines and elect Nariman as the next President of India\" as he was a person of \"great eminence, calibre, integrity and knowledge\".\"He has also held positions at the national and international level which have brought laurels to our country. He has also been a distinguished member of Parliament. President of India is the constitutional head of the country and no one knows the Constitution and its working better than Fali Nariman,\" SILF's president Lalit Bhasin said in a press release.However, he said he had neither spoken to Nariman nor taken his consent before making public the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13366496", "title": "Encroachers are back in many areas", "text": "NAGPUR: Last Tuesday, the anti-encroachment squad of Mangalwari zone had razed many unauthorized houses and shops on PK Salve street in Mohan Nagar.However, the drive undertaken by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has turned out to be a damn squib as the encroachers are back to where they were. The only difference is that this time around, they have put up makeshifts structures thereby causing inconvenience to road users.Residents, who were temporarily satisfied, expressed concern over the functioning of Mangalwari Zone's anti-encroachment squad.\"One gets the feeling that the occupants have plans to slowly re-construct their shanties and live happily ever after,\" said a resident.\"While the initiative is to free the encroached space for the smooth flow of traffic and even to make the city look good, if not beautiful, the action post-demolition needs to be debated. Was the corporation given incomplete directives by the high court? The debris and the rubble have not been removed. When is the place going to be cleared for the road widening work,\" said a miffed resident.Even after complaints from residents to assistant municipal commissioner R Bhivgade, no action has been taken. Bhivgade gave an assurance but did not live up to it.The experience of Khamla residents is no different. A month ago, the anti-encroachment squad removed illegal mutton and chicken shops lined up alongside the road. These shops too are back.The worst hit is the Sitabuldi market which is forever overflowing with shoppers. With encroachments back, it is back to square one as parking vehicles becomes a big pain in the neck.\"It's difficult to even walk on the Sitabuldi main road, especially on weekends. Shopkeepers showcase their wares even outside their shops making it cumbersome for people to walk. They should desist from encroaching on the area outside their shops,\" said Anjana Verma, a resident of Raj Nagar.\"If encroachments are back that only reflects the inefficiency of the administration. Had it cracked the whip, this would never have happened,\" said Pravin Joshi, a resident of Khamla.The same situation persists in other areas including Cotton Market, Mahal, Gandhibagh and Sitabuldi. Encroachments are taking over open space in these places. \"The authorities should do something soon. Due to encroachments in the corridors of markets, my mother fell down and got hurt,\" claimed Rajesh Shrikhande, a resident of Rameshwari.\"Unless the NMC action is quick and with a strict warning, things will remain the same,\" pointed out another resident.Meanwhile, anti-encroachment squad of Mangalwari zone removed 120 encroachments from Sadar Bazar and seized two trucks of material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13367953", "title": "Your time to apply for a passport cut to an hour", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Walk into the Regional Passport Office (RPO) and walk out in less than an hour. With a smile. This may sound like a dream, but the passport authorities have taken up a pledge to ensure that all applicants are attended to within a maximum of 60 minutes.ZA Khan, the new regional passport officer, Ahmedabad, says: \"We have a system in place which will ensure that a person completes all his formalities at any of the Passport Seva Kendras in less than an hour, provided all his documents are in place.\"Khan said that once an applicant emerges from the PSK without any query pending, then he or she can be assured that the application for passport has been accepted and that the passport shall be issued soon after the mandatory police verification is completed. Once the application is accepted, the applicant can be sure that the passport shall be issued within three days of the receipt of the police verification report.Besides, the RPO has decided not to entertain any application sent through speed posts. This system will be done away with from May 31. \"From May 31, the applicant will have to move his application through any of the Passport Seva Kendras in the state,\" said Khan.With the fingerprint, thumb impression and digital photography made compulsory for issue of passports, the RPO has decided to slowly do away with the system of accepting applications through various centres like post offices. At present, the applications are received through speed posts, but in such cases it is not possible to take the fingerprints and digital photographs of the applicant and hence, the department has decided to do away with the other methods of accepting applications.\"Now we will be accepting applications only at the police headquarters, but this would also be done away with in next couple of months,\" he said.He said that there are two Passport Seva Kendras (PSKs) in Ahmedabad, one in Rajkot and one in Vadodara. The objective of these kendras is to deliver all passport-related services to citizens in a timely, more accessible and reliable manner and in a better environment.According to him, re-issuing of passport will be done at PSKs in three working days. However, this will be for passports where no police verification is required.He said that the PSKs which began operations in the state from January 16 had so far issued 55,000 passports. Khan said that to facilitate early police clearance of applications, a request for verification is sent to the police headquarters as soon the passport application is accepted by the PSK.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13374594", "title": "Corporation seeks Rs 5 crore bank loan to complete works", "text": "KOCHI: Having plunged into a deep financial crisis, the Kochi corporation has decided to approach banks for loan to carry out division works that have to be completed on a war-footing.At the council meeting on Monday, it was announced that the corporation would approach the Syndicate Bank for a Rs 5 crore loan.Though councillors wanted the local body to seek a Rs 10-cr loan, mayor Tony Chammany was against it. \"We should also look at our ability to repay. If we take a loan of Rs 5 crore, we are bound to repay Rs 13 lakh per day. The loan will have to be repaid within three months,\" he said.The civic-body decided to approach external sources for funds, after councillors expressed their inability to carry out various non-road maintenance works in their respective divisions -- contractors had apparently refused to take up these projects.Raising the issue, opposition councillor N A Shafeek demanded that the local body pay contractors' dues.The corporation said it was facing a severe fund crunch as it has to pay Rs 29 crore to settle disputes over non-payment of KWA dues. The local self-government department (LSGD) has invoked an order as per which KWA can recoup dues from non-road maintenance and general purpose (plan) funds allocated to the local body in the 2012-13 and 2013-14 budgets. The LSGD issued the order on February 20, 2012.Town planning committee chairman K J Sohan said it was almost impossible for the local body to approach KWA to reduce the amount. \"This is part of a one-time settlement. According to KWA, Corporation has to pay arrears of about Rs 90 crore. Following discussions initiated by the government, the amount was brought down to Rs 29 crore,\" he said.It was also decided at the council meeting to approach the government to assess the investment made by the local body in building the city's water supply system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13365269", "title": "CBSE class X exam results for Chennai region announced", "text": "CHENNAI: The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) Class X examination results for the Chennai region were announced on Monday with an overall 99.66 pass percentage.Out of 1,52,024 students who appeared for the examination, a total of 1,51,509 have qualified for admission to higher classes under the new continuous comprehensive evaluation (CCE) system, an official release said here.A total of 2,117 schools, including independent schools, Jawahar Navodaya and Kendriya Vidyalayas, appeared in the examination in the Chennai region comprising Andhra Pradesh, Goa, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, Daman and Diu, Lakshadweep and Puducherry.With the CBSE making board exam optional, only 97,259 students had registered for the board exam with others opting for school-based test, CBSE Regional Officer D T Sudharsan Rao said.Under the CCE, the performance is assessed encompassing students' achievements in scholastic as well as co-scholastic areas. The overall performance is reflected in individual subjects in the form of grades instead of marks.A total of 432 students, who finished in the rock-bottom grades of E1 and E2, are put under the category EIOP (Eligible for Improvement of Performance) and can appear for improvement of their performance as per board rules, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13371536", "title": "No Prime Minister dinner on Mamata Banerjee's Tuesday schedule", "text": "KOLKATA: For the third time in a row, Trinamool Congress supremo and chief minister Mamata Banerjee will skip a dinner thrown by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. On Tuesday, Singh will host a dinner at his 7, Race Course Road residence to mark UPA-II's third anniversary at office. Sources in the chief minister's office, however, said Mamata's schedule for Tuesday did not include a visit to Delhi.The UPA will organize the celebratory bash for its leaders to mark the third anniversary of the second Manmohan Singh government. It will come out with a report card highlighting the steps taken by the government in various sectors in the last one year. Through the report card, the UPA hopes to dispel impressions of a policy paralysis - a revelation that came to the fore recently with chief economic advisor Kaushik Basu saying that no major reforms may be possible before 2014.Mamata is likely to have vetted the report card, but Trinamool leaders made it clear that the CM was more concerned with her state rather than the country. According to them, Mamata was extremely unhappy with the way the Centre had been sitting on her debt restructuring plea.The CM has been seeking a three-year moratorium on interest payment, claiming that the Centre must bail the state out of the debt-stressed situation. But Mamata has also opposed most policy initiatives of the government either, from Cable digitization and FDI in retail to the latest National Counter Terrorism Centre proposal of the home ministry.UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , with whom Mamata shares a \"good rapport\", would be attending the dinner meant for the UPA allies.In 2010, Mamata - the then railway minister - had skipped the first anniversary dinner after parting ways with the Congress for the state civic polls. It was said that Mamata could not make it to the dinner since she was busy campaigning for the municipal elections. The UPA's second celebratory dinner in 2011, too, had been a quiet affair with Mukul Roy alone representing his party. Mamata, who had just assumed office as the chief minister (only two days ago), had an excuse not to attend the event on that occasion.The UPA leadership has extended invites for the dinner to all parties which are a part of UPA and even those extending outside support. The date of the event has more or less been fixed on the day - May 22 - the second Manmohan Singh government took oath.Reports from the Trinamool Congress camp are not very encouraging. A senior leader said, \"I won't be present since I am going back to Kolkata for health reasons. All our ministers in the UPA, MPs and the chief minister have been invited. The chief minister, most probably, won't be attending.\" Among those likely to attend are Sudip Bandopadhyay, Derek O' Brien and others. It seems Mamata isn't sburning the bridges with the Congress, keeping in mind her compulsions of staying on in the UPA government.Sources said the Congress leadership, on its part, had tried to persuade Mamata to make it a point to grace the anniversary bash. The party brass doesn't want to annoy Mamata ahead of the presidential elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13371553", "title": "Youth Congress leader remembers Rajiv Gandhi in a unique way", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For B S Duttan, an artist and a local Youth Congress leader, the best way to relive the memories of late prime minister Rajiv Gandhi was nothing but to hold an exhibition of photographs featuring the leader. The Vattiyoorkavu mandlam committee president of YC, he went ahead with the idea though he did not possess a single original photograph of the former PM assassinated by an LTTE suicide bomber 21 years ago.\"I am sure that a photo exhibition capturing the crucial and interesting moments in the life of Rajiv Gandhi would help both the new and old generations to understand his personality. With this point in mind, I collected several photographs that appeared in newspapers and magazines. Spending almost Rs 25,000, I enlarged all the pictures and put them up for an exhibition,\" said Duttan, who is holding the two-day exhibition at KCS Panicker Gallery on Museum compound.A small time interior designer, Duttan does graffiti writing too, but only for the Congress party.\"I went through several newspaper clippings and magazines that carried pictures of Rajiv Gandhi. Some special booklets published by the Congress party and the Union government also come handy for me. I selected around 150 pictures from these and enlarged them for the exhibition,\" said Duttan, who also wanted to organize a screening of videos on Rajiv Gandhi along with the picture exhibition. \"But I could not complete the work due to time constraints. Anyway, I will organize that in the near future,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13367773", "title": "Demand for power picks up, Northern Grid adds to trouble", "text": "NEW DELHI: The rising electricity demand may spell trouble for Delhiites with problems in the Northern Grid affecting power generation. The capital and many states are already resorting to load-shedding.The situation on Monday was comparatively better than the weekend when the city received 1500MW less than its usual quota due to simultaneous shutdowns in multiple central sector power stations. Experts, however, warn that coming days are likely to be a testing period for both Delhiites and discoms that have to try their best to keep pace with the rising demand. The peak demand on Monday was 4619MW and is expected to cross the 5000MW mark within the next week or so.On Saturday, many areas experienced power cuts as supply to Delhi from outside sources was restricted due to snags. The demand has so far been within manageable limits but officials say they have noted a sudden rise in demand, especially with the weatherman reporting that the days are going to get hotter. One unit of the Badarpur station was shut on Monday but Transco claims the demand was fully met.Transco officials say generation at the central units has improved and there was no reported load-shedding on Monday. But as the mercury goes up and the demand increases, overdrawing from the Northern Grid by neighbouring states is likely to lead to forced load-shedding in the city. \"The demand in the northern region is growing at a fast rate. States like Rajasthan, Haryana and UP are overdrawing to meet the demand. The grid frequency band has been tightened recently, making it more difficult to overdraw, but every time it happens, other states are forced to reduce their drawal or it leads to trippings,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13373187", "title": "Mamata Banerjee refuses to back Pranab Mukherjee for President", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee has added a new dimension to the presidential race by naming Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar as her \"personal choice\" for the top job. But the CM remains non-committal on her support for finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , believed to be the Congress candidate for Rashtrapati Bhavan, only saying that in a democracy, the final word lies with the majority.\"If you ask my party's choice or personal choice, then I'll say I love Meira Kumar. She is a soft-spoken lady from the scheduled caste background,\" she told a TV channel on Sunday night. She also suggested the names of Gopalkrishna Gandhi and APJ Abdul Kalam . \"These three names are better, I think so,\" she said.The CM spoke highly of former Governor Gandhi, describing him as a \"man of integrity\". She also backed Kalam for a second stint \"as he was a very good president\". But asked about her stance the \"son of Bengal\" for the president's job, Mamata shot back, \"Is he the son of Bengal? Pranabda may be the son of the world... I don't think so. But if the country wants him, who am I? I am very serious. But if the Congress wants to go with Pranabda, it's their choice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13370349", "title": "DMK MP S R Jayadurai misses flight, creates ruckus", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK Tuticorin MP S R Jayadurai and his supporters kicked up a furore and allegedly abused Kingfisher airlines staff at Tuticorin airport after he missed his flight on Monday. Jayadurai was scheduled to fly from Tuticorin to Chennai by a Kingfisher flight but he arrived late at the airport. The flight departed on time at 3.30 pm.Sources said Jayadurai arrived at the airport only at 3.30 pm and picked up a quarrel with airline staff for not holding back the aircraft till he reached. His supporters who came to see him off got enraged and atte8m8pted to manhandle the airline's manager. The police interve8ned, whisked the manager away and confined him to a room to save him from the wrath of the politician and his supporters.Director General of Civil Aviation ( DGCA) has instructed that check-in counters should be closed 40 minutes before departure of aircraft. Domestic passengers should check in 40 minutes before departure of flights. Members of Parliament are not exempted from this rule. Tuticorin is a small airport which handles two flights in a day.\"We have informed the MP about departure time of the flight in the morning. A staff also made a reminder call to inform that the flight will be departing on time. He wanted us to hold the plane till he arrived and refused to listen when we informed that it was not possible,\" said a Kingfisher airline official.He also said that \"we waited till 3.15pm because he is an MP. The doors of the aircraft were closed at 3.19pm and it departed at 3.27pm. But, the MP claimed that he reached by 3.15pm.\"Kingfisher airlines official had filed a report detailing the incident with the Airports Authority of India (AAI). Jayadurai confirmed that he reached the airport at 3.15pm and his supporters were enraged at the turn of events. He denied the allegation that he tried to manhandle the airline staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13367599", "title": "Rival bookie may have blown the lid off betting racket", "text": "MUMBAI: A rival bookie is believed to have tipped off the police about the cricket betting racket, which was busted last week. Sources said Tinoo alias Dinesh, a small-time bookie, passed on information about bookie Devendra Kothari's betting syndicate following a dispute over finances.Tinoo reportedly lost around Rs 60 lakh to Kothari in the IPL matches last year. \"Every time Kothari asked him for the money, he kept putting him off. With Kothari himself facing a financial crisis, he asked Tinoo to return the money immediately,\" said a source.TOI had reported that Kothari had lost Rs 9 crore and even mortgaged his bungalow in Versova to another bookie, Mittal. When Kothari failed to return his money, Mittal took possession of the bungalow.\"When the ongoing IPL season started, Tinoo wanted to accept bets, but Kothari asked him to clear his dues. This angered Tinoo and he decided to teach him a lesson and approached the police,\" said a bookie.Meanwhile, the property cell on Monday detained two more bookies from the city and a team has left for Delhi to arrest some more involved in the betting racket. \"They would have gone into hiding,\" said an officer.The crime branch last week had raided a flat in Kandivli and arrested Kothari and another bookie, Sonu Jalan. On Saturday, police arrested their associate Feroz Farid Ansari alias Todki, who used to transfer calls from one Subhedar in Pakistan to Kothari and Jalan. Todki is a former aide of slain underworld Shakeel aide Zahid Mir alias Chhote Miya.The property cell on Monday detained two more bookies from the city and a team has left for Delhi to arrest some more involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "13373139", "title": "Jobless man throws kids from 6th floor in Italy", "text": "ROME: A distraught jobless Italian man has flung his two children to their death from a sixth floor apartment balcony before jumping to his own death. The two children died in hospital, where they were rushed to by passersby, while the 49-year-old father died instantly, Italian news agency ANSA reported quoting police in Brescia.The mother of the children was at home when the man carried out the beastly act, the agency said. The man, who was not identified by the police, had an argument with his wife beforehand.ANSA said the man had lost his job a year ago, but it was not clear if the act was a desperation for economic difficulties.Italy, which is going through a recession, has witnessed a rash of suicides in recent weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13366630", "title": "7% of malaria drugs in India fake: Study", "text": "TOKYO: Over one in three anti-malarial drugs sold in southeast Asia are fake while a third of samples in sub-Saharan Africa failed chemical testing for containing too much or too little of the active ingredient, potentially encouraging drug resistance.Around 7% of the drugs tested in India was found to be of poor quality with many being fake.A Lancet study to be announced on Tuesday says 3.3 billion people are at risk of malaria, which is endemic in 106 countries. Every year, between 655,000 and 1.2 million people die from Plasmodium falciparum infection.\"Much of this morbidity and mortality could be avoided if drugs available to patients were efficacious, high quality and used correctly. Data from seven countries in southeast Asia including analysis of 1,437 samples of seven malaria drugs, showed that over a third failed chemical testing, nearly half were incorrectly packaged, and about a third were fake,\" said Gaurvika Nayyar from the Fogarty International Center at the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in the US, who led the research.The study said poor-quality anti-malarial drugs lead to drug resistance and inadequate treatment. Emergence of artemisinin resistance or tolerance in Plasmodium falciparum on the Thailand-Cambodia border made protection of the effectiveness of the drug supply imperative, the study said.In the study, the scientists reviewed published and unpublished studies reporting chemical analyses and assessments of packaging of anti-malarial drugs. Analysis of 1,437 samples of seven malaria drugs including artemether, artesunate, chloroquine, mefloquine, quinine, sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine and tetracycline showed that over a third failed chemical testing, nearly half were incorrectly packaged and about a third were fake.\"Of 1,437 samples of drugs in five classes from seven countries in southeast Asia, 497 (35%) failed chemical analysis, 423 (46%) of 919 failed packaging analysis, and 450 (36%) of 1,260 were classified as falsified. In 21 surveys of drugs from six classes from 21 countries in sub-Saharan Africa, 796 (35%) of 2,297 failed chemical analysis, 28 (36%) of 77 failed packaging analysis, and 79 (20%) of 389 were classified as falsified,\" the study said.Poor quality drugs could spell doom for India's malaria fight. According to the recent World Malaria Report 2011, over 70% of India's population, or 100.41 crore people, face the risk of malaria infection. Around 31 crore, however, face the \"highest risk\" of getting infected by the vector-borne disease.India records 1.5 million cases of malaria every year, 50% of which are caused by the falciparum malaria. Scientists say genetically determined artemisinin resistance in P falciparum emerged along the Thailand-Myanmar border at least eight years ago, and has since increased substantially.Experts warn that with people travelling far and wide all the time, it is possible that the drug resistant parasite will start to spread outside Thailand and Cambodia. \"In no time, an infected person can bring the parasite into India,\" an expert said.The World Health Organization recently alerted international travelers against the active threat of malaria in India. In its latest international travel and health bulletin 2012, WHO said malaria risk existed throughout the year in the whole country at altitudes below 2,000 metres.The bulletin said travelers need to be careful about malaria infections specially while traveling to north-eastern states, Andaman Nicobar islands, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat, Jharkhand, Karnataka (with the exception of Bangalore), Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra (with the exception of Mumbai, Nagpur, Nasik and Pune), Orissa and West Bengal (with the exception of Kolkata).According to the global health watchdog, while 40-50% cases of malaria in India are caused by the deadly P falciparum, the remainder is due to the P Vivax vector. WHO says anti-malarial drug resistance has also been reported from India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13374878", "title": "Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University students demand declaration of exam schedule", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University blocked the main entrance, demanding declaration of the examination schedule. The incident was a result of the tussle between the teachers of the self-financed courses, who had submitted mass resignation on May 10 and the administration of the university. The teachers have been demanding implementation of the sixth pay commission.Earlier, the examination was scheduled to commence from May 12 but it was postponed following the resignation by the teachers.Thereafter, the university authorities had decided to conduct the examination from May 26, the schedule for which was to be declared on Monday. But schedule was declared by the university. This irked the students, whose fate hangs in balance.CSMU vice-chancellor Ashok Kumar assured the students that soon the examination schedule would be declared.The students withdrew the protest on the assurance given by the V-C.Meanwhile, the resignation of the director, University Institute of Engineering Technology, Arpita Yadav has been accepted by the vice-chancellor. The resignations of 35 teachers who had been working on ad hoc basis, in the institute, have been accepted by the V-C, the registrar Sayed Waqar Husain confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13374711", "title": "Lack of Mahabala crippling Ayurveda industry", "text": "KOCHI: Has arthritis caught up with Mahabala (kurunthotti) too? This is the question people in Ayurveda circles are asking these days. And this because there is a huge shortage of Mahabala in the market, leading to price of medicines in which it's an ingredient shooting up 40% in the last couple of years.One major reason for the shortage is the widespread cleaning of the wild vegetation in southern states where Mahabala grows profusely. Who would have thought that the employment guarantee programmes under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act would have such an after effect? \"Most traditional herbs grow best in natural environment. We depend on people who pick such plants from various places. for making medicines.But these days they have been reporting a severe shortage of Mahabala,\" said Dr Ramkumar, purchase manager, Arya Vaidya Sala, Kottakkal.Kurunthotti is a panacea for ailments like rheumatism, arthritis, cough, asthma and bronchitis. \"There are 11 species of kurunthotti, but Sida Rhombifolia or Mahabala has the highest medicinal value. Its leaves, stem, bark and roots are useful. They produce medicinal chemicals when in stressIf you grow them in home conditions, they will not have much value,\" said Jacob Varghese, associate professor, Department of Botany, SH College, Thevara.The Ayurveda market has suddenly become flooded with many value-added products leading to over-the-counter drugs competing with medicines. \"The industry is debating to cut down on several products which are duplications, to overcome the raw material shortage of kurunthotti, and other plants like kizharnelli and thippali,\" said Dr Devidas Vellodi, district president, Ayurveda Medical Association of India . Eighty per cent of Ayurveda products are made from naturally available herbs and shrubs. \"We have been feeling the shortage for the past few years. If it continues, how we will manufacture certain medicines,\" said D Ramanathan, secretary, Ayurveda Medicine Manufacturers' Organisation of India .Forest officials say medicinal shrubs can be protected if work under MNREGA is undertaken in coordination with different agencies. \"There are several rare herbs which get lost in the clearing process. Multi-disciplinary agencies should be involved in coordinating the cleaning work, or we will lose important plant species,\" said N C Induchoodan, divisional forest officer, Munnar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13366549", "title": "Woman gang-raped in Noida, 2 arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old girl, residing in the Munirka area of south Delhi, was allegedly gang-raped after being held hostage for several days at an undisclosed location in Noida. The incident was reported three weeks ago.Cops have arrested Durgesh Mishra, 27, and Dipak Mishra, 24. Police said the chain of events began last month when the victim, originally a resident of Pratapgarh in UP, met a friend, Durgesh, in Delhi after almost two years of her marriage.Her husband is employed with a Gurgaon-based call centre. According to police, Durgesh came down to her residence at Munirka with a job offer for her at Noida.A couple of days later, the woman accompanied him to an unidentified location in Noida. He had told her that Dipak was her future employer. A source said the woman had taken her son along with her to the residence. The victim told cops she was offered drinks laced with sedatives by the duo and that she was repeatedly raped over several days. The woman was subjected to torture for a day and that she managed to run away from the accused the same night, cops said. Police are probing whether the one-year-old child was the sole witness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13365849", "title": "Amidst protests, NCP re-elects Patil &amp; Nimkar", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nationalist Congress Party's ( NCP) organizational poll process was completed on Monday with the unanimous election of Ajay Patil as president of the city unit and Sadanand Nimkar as Nagpur district (rural) unit chief. But the election process was a closed-door affair as angry 'loyalists' staged dharna (sit-in protests) outside the party's Ganeshpeth office.While it happens to be the second term for Patil, Nimkar assumes the responsibility for the fourth consecutive term of three years each.Led by Vedprakash Arya, former leader of the party in Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC) and current observer of Bhandara district, Dilip Pankule, former city unit chief, party leader from Central Nagpur Anil Ahirkar and several senior members of the party stayed out of the election process. They were left shouting slogans and protesting against Patil's re-election. These dissident leaders raised questions on the legality of the whole poll process under Patil who is accused of deliberately sidelining party loyalist by dropping their names from the voters' list.However, food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh as well as election observer Dhananjay Dalal gave their stamp of approval for the election process and said all instructions laid down by the party leadership were strictly adhered to. Admitting that there were protests by some senior leaders outside party office, Dalal assured to get the disgruntled loyalist on board within next 15 days. \"They are our esteemed colleagues. We will talk to them and resolve their grievances,\" he told reporters after the election.\"In most cases only those, who failed to become active members by enrolling the required number of fresh entrants to the party, were disqualified from voting,\" Dalal and Deshmukh said. But then they could not explain how Arya was appointed as party observer for Bhandara when he was not aware of the basic requirements of organizational poll. The loyalists alleged that some party leaders were openly advising the disgruntled members to join the BJP.However, Dalal reiterated that the polling process was free and fair and he would send the report and the results to the state unit chief for endorsement. The new state unit chief would be elected in Mumbai on June 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13378591", "title": "Hampi Express collides with goods train; 15 dead, 70 injured", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fifteen persons were killed and 70 others injured today when the Bangalore-bound Hampi Express overshot a signal and collided with a stationary goods train at Andhra Pradesh's Penneconda station.\"Fifteen persons have died in the accident and 70 others injured when the train, going from Hubli to Bangalore, collided with a goods train at Penneconda station at around 3.15 AM,\" a Railway Spokesperson said.Three bogies, one SLR and two ordinary second class coaches, were derailed due to the impact of the collision. One of the coaches also caught fire.The fire has been brought under control and rescue and relief operations were going on, he said.Railway Minister Mukul Roy, who was in Kolkata, rushed to the site of the accident and ordered an inquiry into it.Commissioner Railway Safety (Southern Circle), S K Mittal will conduct a statutory inquiry and has been asked to submit a report at the earliest.Roy also announced a compensation of Rs five lakh to the next of kin of the deceased, Rs one lakh for those who sustained grievous injuries and Rs 50,000 to those who received minor injuries. The injured have been admitted to nearby hospitals.\"The reason of the accident is yet to be ascertained but prima facie it seems that the driver of the Hampi Express overshot the signal,\" the spokesperson said, adding senior railway officials have rushed to the spot.Chairman Railway Board, Vinay Mittal, who was on a tour to Allahabad has cut short his visit and rushed to the accident site.Also, Railway Board Members (Traffic), K K Srivastava, and (Mechanical) Keshav Chandra have left for the spot.Railways has set up helplines at Bangalore City, Bellary, Hospet and Hubli.The helpline numbers at Bangalore city are 080-22321166, 22156553, 22156554; Bellary 08392-277704; Hospet 08394-221788; Hubli 0836-2345338, 2346141, 2289826.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13366954", "title": "Kids should not be hurt physically: DGP Harish Meena", "text": "JAIPUR: In the guidelines issued on April 30, DGP Harish Meena said, \"Children should not develop a feeling in his heart that he is being questioned as a thief or a liar. He should feel like that the official is questioning him just to know the truth.\"Also, while questioning, the official should ensure that the children will not be hurt physically or mentally. \"The questioning should be done in a secret manner and also in a friendly environment,\" say the guidelines.Moreover, the DGP directed the officials that the statement of a child shall be recorded in the presence of his father, mother or relatives. Also, the officials will not take signatures of the child on any documents.Also, the questioning should not be held in a police station but in his home, juvenile home or any other suitable place. The police should also maintain secrecy about the juvenile. The officers should not share details of children like their name, address or photos with newspapers or TV channels. Also, if a juvenile is found 18 years initially, he shall be presented before the concerned Juvenile Justice Board.Member of Rajasthan State Commission for Protection of Child Rights, Govind Beniwal said: \"Such rules were necessary to protect child rights. These guidelines will help to a great extent in dealing with kids' issues.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13373131", "title": "Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project moves closer to productivity as reactor pressure vessel unsealed", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: In a crucial move in the commissioning of the first 1000 MW reactor of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP), the reactor pressure vessel (RPV) was unsealed on Monday to facilitate the removal of dummy fuel rods and load enriched uranium fuel assemblies.In another key development during the day, R S Sundar took over as site director of KKNPP from M Kasinath Balaji who would take charge as the executive director (operations) - light water reactor, NPCIL headquarters, Mumbai.\"The commissioning activities are in progress on 24-hour basis and an important milestone of unsealing of the reactor pressure vessel was achieved. The equipment known as multiple stud tensioner was lowered on top of the sealed reactor vessel to loosen all the studs which are used for sealing the reactor pressure vessel. This will facilitate the removal of dummy fuel assemblies from the reactor pressure vessel,\" said Sundar, in a statement. Subsequently, inspection of the reactor pressure vessel will be taken up, he added.The removal of dummy fuel and loading of enriched uranium is seen as the last step towards attaining criticality. A total of 163 dummy fuel assemblies were loaded into the reactor in April 2010 for thermo-hydraulic tests of the reactor systems to assess the design performance of the systems. The data obtained during these tests were submitted to the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board for evaluation. The KKNPP officials obtained the nod from AERB on May 10. The preliminary works for unsealing of the reactor vessel commenced immediately after that.KKNPP officials will inspect the RPV once again and inform AERB about the reactors preparedness to load enriched uranium fuel rods. After AERB gives clearance, the fuel rods may be loaded. KKNPP officials said that power production would commence in 25 days after fuel roads are loaded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13372974", "title": "5 bridges already useless in less than 15 years", "text": "Five of the city's flyovers have become redundant in less than 15 years even though at the time of construction, planners had promised motorists that the bridges would ease congestion for at least 50 years. With the exception of Byculla flyover, built 35 years ago, the ones at Worli, Sion and Aarey-all constructed around a decade ago-can no longer take the traffic load. In fact, they add to bottlenecks and snarls during peak hours, said experts. Besides unchecked growth of vehicles, experts and engineers say that lack of foresight and planning at the time of construction as well as poor maintenance has resulted in these flyovers restricting traffic flow.The flyover between Worli Naka and Poonam Chambers, which has only two lanes, is closed to south-bound traffic in the morning and north-bound traffic in evening, and is practically useless to motorists. The flyover near Aarey Colony on WEH has six small lanes. But the highway has 10-12-lane and this results in bottlenecks at the exit and entry ramps. The flyover cannot be widened easily because of the narrow width of the road it has been constructed on and the existence of slums alongside.Traffic analyst Sudhir Patil said: \"These flyovers have failed not only because they have a smaller number of lanes as compared to other viaducts, but also due to poor planning and maintenance of roads over which they are constructed. There is a need to widen roads and junctions below, and define boundaries of flyover ramps to achieve proper segregation and merger of traffic at both ends.\" According to Patil, widening roads and flyovers is the only solution.Ajit Shenoy, a social activist and transport expert, said the government should first study traffic patterns. \"Improvements should be made in such a that these flyovers can also meet future requirements and not just address existing problems. I find it shocking to see how our traffic woes have increased manifold in a decade, to the extent that these flyovers have become irrelevant. There should be more thrust on sustainability.\"The old Sion flyover on Dr Ambedkar Road has only three lanes, of which two are open to north-bound traffic, and one to south-bound motorists. This, say experts, exacerbates traffic snarls along the northern end of the flyover and is a nightmare for motorists coming from the EEH. Transport expert Trupti Amritwar said Mumbai does not need flyovers as much as east-west connectivity.A senior MSRDC official said that the old Sion flyover will be widened once work on the nearby Santa Cruz-Chembur link road is completed. \"As far as Worli flyover is concerned, expansion is not possible, but the road below could be widened to some extent.\"Flyovers Fail To Keep Their PromisesAAREY Operational since | 1998-99Route | A small flyover on the Western Express flyover near Aarey Colony at GoregaonCost | 15 croreProblem | With only 6 small lanes on a 10 to 12-lane highway, there are bottlenecks at both ends. It is possible to widen the flyover if the stretch on which it is constructed is also widened. But for this, nearby slums will have to relocated LANES | 6 LENGTH | 400mDEONAR Operational since | 2000Route | On the t-junction across Sion-Panvel Road and the BAARC RoadCost | 20 croreProblem | It is open to southbound motorists and is beneficial to those travelling from Vashi, Mankhurd and Ghatkopar. Experts say the 500-meter viaduct doesn't serve much of a purpose and is underutilized as neither the flyover nor the junction below sees enough traffic LANES | 3 LENGTH | 500mWORLI NAKAOperational since | 1997-98Route | Between Worli Naka and Poonam Chambers on Dr Annie Besant road, crosses the Guffar Khan Road junctionCost | Approximately 12 croreProblem | It is closed to southbound traffic in the morning and north-bound cars in the evening because it has only two lanes. The stretch of Dr Annie Besant Road on which the flyover is built is narrow; there is no room for expansion LANES | 2 LENGTH | 700mOLD BYCULLA Operational since | 1977Route | Near Gloria Church on Dr Ambedkar Road Cost | 5 croreProblem | It's open only to south-bound motorists. The flyover has become redundant after the construction of a comparatively longer and wider Lalbaug flyover. It can't accommodate the volume of traffic but can be widened LANES | 2 LENGTH | 400mOLD SION Operational since | 1998-99 Route | Over Sion T-junction on Dr Ambedkar RoadCost | Around 20 ; constructed by MSRDCProblem | Two lanes are kept open for the north-bound traffic while only one lane can be used by motorists heading south. This causes regular bottlenecks and increases traffic snarls along the northern end of the flyover for motorists coming from the Eastern Express Highway (EEH). Experts say that the flyover can be widened as the road below, too, has been recently widened LANES | 3 LENGTH | 800m", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13365803", "title": "Young jewel designers get going via web", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jewellery designing is no longer the exclusive domain of goldsmiths, the nuances of the art passed down like a well-kept secret from generation to generation. Instead, it has landed on the drawing boards of e-market savvy youngsters who use computer-aided designs to create exquisite pieces and sell them online.With several institutes offering specialized courses and cheap labour available with huge number of migrant goldsmiths in the Old City, jewellery designing has turned out to be a lucrative career option for first-generation designers. The young entrepreneurs are able to courier their pieces not just within the country but also outside mainly through networking via internet sites.\"The investment is low. We put up the design of the ornament on a social networking site. Once someone books it, we send a rough estimate and collect an advance. This is used to buy the raw material and for the labour cost. The rest is profit excluding the shipping cost,\" says Radhika Pillai, a freelance jewellery designer from Shah Ali Banda. She says that labour is cheap in the Old City with a lot of migrant goldsmiths around which helps her maintain a good profit margin.The goldsmiths are also not complaining as dealing directly with the young designers proves profitable for them. Goldsmith Prakash Mallick from the High Court area says, \"These days with machines replacing hand-made work, a lot of us have been thrown out of business. We specialize in hand carving in metal and this is a good opportunity for us because we can directly deal with the designer rather than with a middleman. So we end up earning more in these cases.\"Rajesh Agarwal from Goshamahal is a third year engineering student with a penchant for drawing and designing. After his Intermediate, he did a three months course in jewellery designing. \"I designed ornaments for my sister's marriage. They were highly appreciated and I got my first assignment when her friend wanted me to design her wedding jewellery too. I was flooded with requests then on and decided to pursue this as a side profession. Today I have clients from all over the world, thanks to the internet and intend to take this up as a full-time career,\" he says.Jewellery designer Priyanka Shah from Deccan Institute of Gems and Jewellery, Abids, says, \"Earlier 95% of students opting for jewellery designing courses used to be from families of gold traders. Now college students who want to explore their creative side as well as make a quick buck are heading towards this profession. Even MBA graduates opt for our courses and set up their own business online to get a hands-on experience in entrepreneurship.\"Mohd Habibuddin, career counsellor from Malakpet, notes that there has been a sudden surge of institutes offering the courses in the Old City. \"Every other computer training institute is adding a jewellery designing course now. Since those opting for these courses are aiming at setting up independent trade, they are neither bothered about the recognition of the courses nor university affiliation,\" he says. Youngsters from Asal Hyderabad have an edge over others in this business, he feels. \"This part of the city already has a reputation as a gold hub. And local kids find it easy to do an internship or learn the tricks of the trade in the reputed old showrooms here. The networking helps. Since most of these showrooms deal in old style jewellery while the youngsters aim for the fashionable type, there is no clash of interest,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-22"}
