{"city": "mandya/mysore", "code": "13403139", "title": "State transport bus set on fire after accident", "text": "MANDYA/MYSORE: Srirangapatna town was tense on Tuesday when a mob set fire to a KSRTC bus and stoned over 15 vehicles after the bus ran over two persons, including a child. The accident occurred on the busy Mysore-Bangalore highway when the Mysore-Bangalore bus hit a bike and killed Mahadev, 39, and Shreya, 3. Shreya's father Revanna's right leg was fractured.The victims, residents of Sabbanakuppe village, were returning from Mysore.The mob targeted government buses but no passenger was injured. The fire brigade had a tough time reaching the spot because of clogged traffic on both sides of the highway.Roads jammedTraffic was disrupted for over two hours on Bangalore-Mysore road following the incident, which spilled over to other areas. Commuters from Srirangapatna who travel to Mysore, were inconvenienced as there was 3-km-long jam. There was traffic congestion on the arterial KR Road because of a farmers' rally. Vehicular movement in Majestic area and the Central Business District was affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401752", "title": "'My son would never cross railway tracks'", "text": "MUMBAI: Vijay Patil and his wife were run over by a local train while crossing the tracks at Thakurli on Monday morning even as his parents managed to escape unhurt.Balgonda Patil, the distraught father, told TOI that Vijay had never crossed the tracks before. \"I don't know why he chose to take us that way on Tuesday,\" he said. Shivajirao Bagal, senior police inspector from the Government Railway Police (GRP), Dombivli, said that Vijay probably decided to do that because of his father's weak legs, and because they were carrying heavy luggage.Thakurli is a notorious accident spot, where 16 accidents have been reported in the last five months alone. Indeed, the statistics of the three railway stations within the jurisdiction of the Dombivli GRP in the last five months are grim: fifty deaths have taken place here, of which 24 were at Kopar railway station, 16 at Thakurli and 10 at Dombivli. Another 37 people were injured in railway accidents at these stations.The railway authorities' response has been to launch awareness campaigns at the accident spots. \"The Railway Protection Force (RPF) and GRP, with the help of NGOs, have been staging street plays,\" said A K Singh, Central Railway PRO. \"In fact, just one day before the accident, Satish Menon, an inspector from the Thane Railway Protection Force, had organized a street play in Thane's Kalwa area.\" Singh added that the railways had now started using multimedia at some stations to show images of imaginary accident victims to alert commuters. \"This has had an impact on commuters,\" he said. \"We are now planning to start it at stations like Thane, Dombivli and Kalyan.\"Central Railway has been taking more concrete steps as well. \"We have built a wall at the boundaries of many railway stations,\" said Singh. \"In addition, fencing work between two tracks is on at 37 railway stations, of which five have been completed.\"Meanwhile, cops have filed a case of accidental death. On Tuesday afternoon, after the post-mortem report, the family took the bodies of Vijay and Priti to their hometown, Kolhapur, for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13403283", "title": "I can\u2019t take on corporators: Municipal corporation chief", "text": "BANGALORE: Nothing can define the piecemeal contract mess better than this: the BBMP commissioner's helplessness.On Tuesday, MK Shankarlinge Gowda said he cannot take on corporators and politicians. When his attention was drawn to the list of 101 piecemeal works to be taken up by contractors in Chokkasandra, Rajgopalanagar, Hegganahalli and Peenya Industrial Area instead of giving them under e-procurement, he shot back: '' Why are you asking me? Questions on piecemeal work must be addressed to the mayor and corporators. It is not easy to stop this and I can't take on corporators and MLAs. I am aware there will be hanky-panky in these but at least some work will happen. If I stop them, they allege the commissioner hasn't done any work. This is a limitation and we have to work amidst it,'' the BBMP chief told TOI.On Tuesday, the Palike published a list of 101 piecemeal works and invited tenders from registered contractors. It has been alleged that an unspecified number of core works has been split into piecemeal works to evade e-procurement. Rules say that if a core work costs more than Rs 20 lakh, it must be covered under e-procurement . To evade e-tendering , contractors used to split the work and ensure they were estimated well below Rs 1 lakh, the limit two years ago. In e-tendering , contractors make sure their own cartel participates so that there is no competition while bidding. However, in e-procurement , any eligible contractor from any part of the world can bid and get qualified in the global tendering process, which the contractors avoid.BBMP scam probeThe government on Tuesday told the high court that a preliminary inquiry by the technical and vigilance cell will be a better option than asking an agency to probe alleged irregularities in 26 engineering divisions of BBMP. The government advocate told the court that entrusting the probe immediately will prove an exhaustive exercise in the light of no specific instances/allegations involving to these divisions.TIMES VIEWThat the BBMP chief himself can't take on corporators shows the extent of the rot in the civic agency. It's an open secret that work tender means money. Contractor-corporator nexus in circumventing the e-tendering and e-procurement process for works defeats the purpose of transparency and accountability. BBMP must abandon the current practice of awarding piecemeal contracts which is synonymous with corruption. It should consider giving long-term contracts to experts to ensure quality of work and accountability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13407748", "title": "Faf du Plessis to lead South Africa 'A' squad", "text": "MUMBAI: Faf du Plessis , Chennai Super Kings' find of the IPL 5 season, has been rewarded by South Africa as he has been elevated to lead the country's 'A' team in the upcoming two four-day Tests against Sri Lanka A and the triangular one-day series in Zimbabwe.Du Plessis, who plays for Nashua Titans in South Africa's domestic set-up, has been named to captain the national 'A' team in both the formats after his splendid display for two-time IPL winners Chennai Super Kings at the top of the order.He has scored 398 runs in 13 games at a strike rate in excess of 130 till the end of the round-robin phase.Also in the 24-man probables list picked by the SA selectors are four other IPL players -- Richard Levi of Mumbai Indians , David Miller of Kings XI Punjab , Wayne Parnell of Pune Warriors and Marchant de Lange of Kolkata Knight Riders -- as per the list of names displayed by Cricket South Africa in a media release.\"Du Plessis has been a leader for most of his cricketing life and the fact that he has not had much opportunity to do this at the franchise level is more a reflection on the fact that national players are not available for their franchises on a regular basis,\" commented CSA selection convener Andrew Hudson.\"Faf has been enormously impressive both in the Proteas' Castle Lager ODI squad and more recently in the Indian Premier League (IPL) where he has shown how much he has matured as an international cricketer,\" he added.The four-day games against the visiting Lanka 'A' squad is to be held at the Sahara Stadium in Kingsmead, Durban from June 30 to July 10 and will be followed by the tri-series ODIs in Zimbabwe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401296", "title": "Academy to revive award for Urdu", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a welcome move, the Urdu Academy has announced revival of awards to recognise excellence in various disciplines and to provide encouragement and financial assistance to teachers and writers in Urdu. This award scheme which was much popular until five years ago had been lying dormant since then.The academy has invited nominations for the best Urdu teacher award from heads of educational institutions including government schools, colleges and universities through the district education officer for schools and through the dean or registrar for colleges and universities. Each teacher will be awarded a cash prize of Rs 5,000 and a certificate acknowledging their contribution in the field of education will be presented to the teacher.Awards will be given to primary, upper-primary, high school and Intermediate teachers along with lecturers from degree, medical colleges and universities. A screening committee comprising members from schools, colleges and universities along with four experts in different subjects would be formed in a week. Officials said that they expect to receive at least 50 applications from each district in the coming weeks. The last date for filing nominations is June 30.Urdu writers who wish to publish their work will be given financial assistance under the Financial Assistance to Urdu Manuscripts Scheme. An aid of Rs 10,000 will be given to publish 100-pages books and Rs 12,000 for books exceeding 120 pages to these authors. Sources said that the academy was hoping to receive cooperation from various government bodies including the minorities welfare department for financial assistance.Prof S A Shukoor, director, Urdu Academy said, \"It is important that Urdu as a language and all those associated with it are encouraged. Only then will the language survive. Also, no good deed should go unnoticed. Rewards and recognition bring about healthy competition and also improve quality of work. More such schemes will be resuscitated in the near future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13406492", "title": "Google\u2019s loss is China Mobile\u2019s gain", "text": "BEIJING: Google's Android operating system runs two-thirds of the smartphones sold in China yet the company's online app store, Google Play, isn't open for business there because of censorship concerns. That's creating an opportunity for China Mobile.The world's biggest phone company by subscribers opened its Mobile Market store for Android apps in 2009, and it now has 158 million registered users. Customers have downloaded more than 630 million apps, making Mobile Market the world's largest carrier-operated app store, said Jack Kent of IHS Screen Digest.The success of Mobile Market comes at a welcome juncture for the wireless giant, fueling revenue growth as its core business matures. China Mobile competes with Apple's App Store in a nation where Analysys International said mobile applications and services are set to jump 80 per cent to 220 billion yuan ($35 billion) this year as cheaper smartphones make surfing the Web more affordable.\"Without having to compete with the official Google store, China Mobile has an opportunity that operators in other countries don't have,\" said Kent, a London-based analyst. \"China Mobile's relationship with subscribers leaves it well- placed to take advantage.\"The carrier's data services business, including Mobile Market, jumped 15 per cent last year to 139.3 billion yuan, compared with an 8.8 per cent growth in total sales.Facebook, Twitter Shipments of smartphones in China are projected to jump 52 per cent this year to 137 million units, overtaking the US for the first time as the world's biggest market, according to a March estimate from market researcher IDC.Phones running Android accounted for 68 per cent of sales in the fourth quarter, while Apple's iPhone made up 5.7 per cent, according to Beijing-based Analysys International. Apple's online store generated about $2.9 billion in global app sales last year, compared with about $618 million for Google, Kent estimated. \"The reason we care about this business is that it can help drive or promote our other businesses,\" China Mobile's Chief Executive Officer Li Yue said in a May 16 interview. \"If a developer makes a very good app, then it will help boost traffic on our network and help our growth that way.\"All web content in China is censored, and that control extends to online stores selling apps, games and e-books. Both Mobile Market and Apple's Chinese-language store, which takes payment in local currency, abide by government censorship restrictions and don't offer apps to access the blocked websites of Facebook, Twitter and YouTube .Google censorship Google said in January 2010 it was no longer willing to self-censor content for Chinese services, so it shuttered its local search page and redirected users to a Hong Kong site. Taj Meadows, a Tokyo-based spokesman for Google, declined to comment on why Google Play was unavailable in China. The store has more than 450,000 apps and games, the company said in March.China Mobile's store has 68,663 apps, compared with 560,957 for Apple, said Sun Peilin, a researcher at Analysys International. Mobile Market's offerings include Instagram Inc.'s photo-sharing and editing software, and Rovio Entertainment Oy's Angry Birds, Angry Birds Seasons and Angry Birds Space. China Mobile's sales from applications and information services grew 12 per cent to 48.4 billion yuan last year, accounting for 9.2 per cent of total sales and overtaking text messages as the company's biggest source of data revenue.Drive traffic That total includes 22 billion yuan from mobile music, 1.5 billion yuan from mobile e-mail services, 627 million yuan from e-books and 571 million yuan from mobile videos, according to the company's annual report.Mobile Market has become the world's largest Chinese- language application software platform, Li said. Sales from the Mobile Market last year were about 23 million yuan, though the traffic generated by app downloads among China Mobile's 667.2 million mobile-phone subscribers is more important to the carrier, Li said. China Mobile is forecast to post its third straight year of sales growth after reporting revenue gains of at least 10 percent from the time of its 1997 Hong Kong listing through 2009. Sales growth may slow to 7 percent this year, according to the average of 31 analyst estimates compiled by Bloomberg .Unicom, Telecom China Mobile isn't the only local company looking to fill the Google gap for Android apps. Analysys International tracks 13 major app stores in China, including from carriers China Unicom (Hong Kong) and China Telecom , and device makers including Lenovo Group .\"We see a lot of competition in the app store space in China,\" said Lisa Soh, a Hong Kong-based analyst with Macquarie Group Ltd. \"The competition in app platforms is likely to mean it will be more difficult to monetize.\"One thing that may help China Mobile generate sales is that it offers the highest percentage of paid apps versus free apps among all stores in China, Sun said. Mobile Market charges for 91 per cent of its apps, while China Unicom charges for 77 per cent and Apple's for 48 per cent.Many games in China Mobile's shop are offered in local currency prices that range from the equivalent of 50 cents to $1.50.\"A couple of years ago, everyone began to realize how huge Apple's App store was becoming and wanted into that market,\" said Neil Juggins, a Hong Kong-based analyst at JI Asia Research Ltd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13405725", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to work with Director Krish?", "text": "Looks like you cannot ignore the buzz surrounding the film nagar as director Krish (Radhakrishna Jagarlamudi) met power star Pawan Kalyan recently. There were rumors some time back that the director would cast the star in his forthcoming film, but then things couldn't materialize as both of them were busy in their respective lives.However, sources close to the director say that he met Pawan Kalyan recently and spent some quality time with the actor. While we're not sure what's the meet all about, we can predict that there's a possibility of the actor and director working together. So let's hope Krish would yield the megaphone for Pawan Kalyan shortly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13400801", "title": "Santosh Trophy: Kerala in semis", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala on Tuesday beat Maharashtra 3-1 to reach the semifinal stage of the 66th National Football Championship for Santosh Trophy being played in Odisha.The state, in the semifinal after six years, will on Friday take on the winners of a Group C quarterfinal match between Odisha and Services. The match is slated for Wednesday. \"While Odisha can still qualify if they win on Wednesday, we expect to face Services in the semifinal. They are a strong team, and have defeated Chhattisgarh 6-0 on Monday. We have to be at our best, and crucially, convert the chances to progress further,\" said M M Jacob, Kerala coach.Striker Kannan R, an employee of AG office in Thiruvananthapuram, starred in the win, striking twice in the second half to see the side through. The match was level at 1-1 at half-time with Kerala's V V Surjith having cancelled out Kailash Patil's early penalty for Maharashtra.For Jacob and his assistant P K Rajeev, Tuesday's win was sweet revenge. The duo was left disappointed on the sidelines when Maharashtra ousted Kerala by a solitary goal (scored by a Malayali, Mohammed Najeeb) in the 2000 final.\"This win over Maharashtra is extremely sweet for us because of what had happened in 2000. But personally, there is another bad memory. In 1994, when I was the assistant coach of the Kerala side, we lost the final at this very same ground in Barabati to Bengal on penalties. Hopefully, this time, my boys can set that record straight for me as well,\" Jacob said.Manipur, who beat Goa 2-0 on Tuesday in their final quarterfinal group match, will face either Tamil Nadu or Railways in the other semifinal.Kerala have won the Santosh Trophy in 1974, 1992, 1993, 2001 and 2004.Kerala's first D/N ODI in KochiKOCHI: Kerala's first day and night one-day international cricket match will be played between England and India in Kochi's Jawaharlal Nehru stadium on January 15 next year. Kochi will host the second of the five-match ODI series between the two countries, according the schedule released by the England and Wales Cricket Board. Though Kochi has hosted seven ODI matches so far, all matches have been day affairs. But with Kochi successfully hosting IPL day and night matches last year, BCCI decided to allot the city a day and night match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402573", "title": "Nainital calling: Lucknow may get direct train to Lalkuan", "text": "LUCKNOW: The city may soon get a new direct train to Lalkuan. Sources say Howrah-Lalkuan Express, which was introduced in this year's Rail Budget, might find a place in the new railway time-table to be released in July.Nainital Express, which was the sole direct train between Lucknow and Lalkuan, was curtailed in December last after railways decided to close the 84 km Bareilly-Lalkuan stretch for board gauge conversion. The gauge conversion is now complete and the section will go for Commissioner Railway Safety (CRS) inspection in June. And from July, new trains might be planned on the broad gauge track.\"No new trains would be started immediately but the train between Howrah and Lalkuan might run on this route,\" sources said. The train will run via Mughalsarai, Varanasi and Lucknow. A passenger train too has been planned on the new section.The new broad gauge will serve as a direct route between Bareilly and Kathgodam. It will be shorter by 20-25 km from the existing route of the trains between Bareilly and Kathgodam. The entire 110 km Bareilly-Kathgodam section is now broad gauge.The other two direct trains from Lucknow to the foothills gateway -- the Howrah-Kathgodam Express daily and Kanpur Anwarganj-Kathgodam Garib Rath weekly -- take a circuitous route. The trains get laterally diverted to Rampur from Bareilly, and then move towards Lalkuan, thus running for 135 km.The new route will be a shorter distance. \"Depending on the demand, new trains will be introduced on the route,\" said sources. Nainital Express, on the other hand, is a medium gauge train running till Bhojipura. Railways hopes to take up the gauge conversion of Aishbagh-Bareilly route on which the train runs.Nainital Express was the only direct train covering the distance of 389 km between Lucknow-Kathgodam. But gauge conversion of 26 km Lalkuan-Kathgodam stretch and then the 84 km Bareilly-Lalkuan stretch shortened its journey. \"There is a need for direct trains as the trains not originating from Lucknow have a long waiting-list,\" said sources.With the section going for CRS inspection, there is hope that new, direct trains will be introduced on the route. The CRS inspection will find out if the section is fit to handle the passenger traffic. Besides, it will also decide the speed of the trains running on the route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jalpaiguri", "code": "13403229", "title": "Engineer shot dead near home", "text": "JALPAIGURI: An engineer of NHPC, working at Teesta hydel power project in Kalijhora, was shot dead near his residence on Tuesday night. The deceased was identified as Sambit Kumar Singh (30). Sources said he used to stay at Salugara in Siliguri with his mother and wife. Police said that Singh's wife Gunjan came out of the flat hearing the sound of firing and found Singh lying in a pool of blood. She later fainted on the spot.\"The victim got down from the office car near his home around 8pm. When he was heading towards his flat, three men on a bike intercepted him and shot him from point blank range. He died on the spot and the miscreants fled,\" said police.Cops have started a probe, but are yet to get any major clue. Officials of NHPC are also being interrogated. Police are trying to find out whether the murder was a fallout of a personal feud or any extortionists were involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13403511", "title": "Water woes: No perks for posh areas in Ludhiana", "text": "LUDHIANA: Water scarcity hit over half-a-dozen posh areas in the city on Tuesday due to power failure.The affected areas included BRS Nagar, Gurdev Nagar, Club Road, Rakh Bagh, Civil Lines and Vrindavan Road.Superintending engineer of operation and maintenance cell Manjit Singh said the water supply was affected because of power failure. ''We do not have generators at tubewells, so we could not run them in these localities.\"Gurdev Nagar resident Amarjit Singh said there was no water supply since morning.Many posh areas of the city went without water on Tuesday morning due to power failure in these localities. ''We used stored water for daily requirements but there is no drinking water left for us now. Power outages have already been affecting life for the past two days. Authorities must at least maintain water supply.\"Satwinder Singh, a businessman from BRS Nagar, said water scarcity affects the entire routine.He said, ''If the supply is being affected in the beginning of summer, what will happen when the temperature further rises?''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13401254", "title": "Gadchiroli development corporation in doldrums over landowners' demands", "text": "NAGPUR: Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation's (MIDC) plans to set up an industrial estate in Gadchiroli for iron and steel companies have suffered a setback as locals have now blocked government officials' access to their land. They want a commitment on guaranteed government jobs for two family members and a hefty compensation for their land. Without these they will not allow the initial survey that precedes acquisition.The government has warned that if the negotiations failed the land might be forcibly acquired. The demand for government jobs cannot be fulfilled as there is no provision in rules for that, said Gadchiroli district collector Abhay Krishna. MIDC officials also accepted that the talks had come to a standstill with the villagers obstructing officials' from even measuring the area. The talks have been called off as the district administration, which is conducting negotiations on behalf of MIDC, has maintained that the process cannot go on till measurements are completed.The industrial estate was proposed by iron and steel majors banking on the iron ore blocks allotted to private players in the district. Lloyds Steel , one of the major units having an iron ore block, had also backed the plan. However, mining has not started yet with Naxal threat cited as the reason.Apart from the government jobs, the oustees have also demanded compensation of Rs 20 to 25 lakh an acre for their land. MIDC and district administration are in no mood to pay. \"Even rates in Butibori are not more than Rs 13 lakh an acre, so offering so much for Gadchiroli is out of question,\" said a source involved in the negotiations.The government has given an offer of Rs 4 lakh an acre and another Rs 2 lakh if the oustees do not take a plot of developed land offered to them. About the jobs, MIDC says that at the most the locals can get preference in the units that come up in their area. However, the villagers have come up with claims of land having fetched Rs 8.5 to Rs 14 lakh an acre in the same area. One of the demands was to allow the respective Gram Sabha to decide if the land should be allowed to be acquired or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13407658", "title": "Aarti to return home in Punar Vivah", "text": "Fans of Zee TV's show 'Punar Vivah' have a reason to rejoice as their favorite couple Aarti (Kratika Sengar) and Yash ( Gurmeet Choudhary) will finally re-unite. Yash will decide to bring his wife Aarti back into the Scindia household.Previsouly, Gayatri (Zahida Parveen) forced Aarti to leave the house. She along with husband Suraj Pratap (Chetan Pandit) even tried to create misunderstandings between the couple by forcing Yash to sign divorce papers. However, Yash decides to talk to Aarti before doing so.Now in the upcoming episode, Yash and Aarti will bump into each other at their children's school. However, they will not be able to talk to each other. The other members of the Scindia family will support Aarti and will want her back in the house and together they will plan a strategy wherein Yash will bring Aarti home.When contacted, Kratika Sengar said, \"Yes, I will be back in the house but you'll just have to wait and watch how and when that happens\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401334", "title": "Vocational topper 'likes studying'", "text": "PANAJI: Bambolim-resident Megh Mahesh Netravalkar of People's Higher Secondary School, Panaji, on topping the vocational stream with 91.6%, received a very unique congratulatory message. Megh's parents, who work in Saudi Arabia, sent their blessings via video conferencing to the topper.The son of Dr Mahesh Netravalkar and Saudi school teacher Sidharthi Netravalkar aspires to become a chartered accountant. \"Throughout the exams, I had sleepless nights. I just kept on studying as I like it,\" the youngster, who lives with his brother, said. Netravalkar credits his family and teachers for his success. \"I would like to thank my parents, brother, my teachers and my grandparents for all their prayers, support and motivation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13407745", "title": "Vit C benefits newborns of smoking women", "text": "Pregnant women who are unable to quit smoking can significantly improve the lung function of their newborns by taking Vitamin C daily .This is the conclusion of a new study at Oregon Health and Science University Doernbecher Children's Hospital.\"Smoking during pregnancy is known to adversely affect the lung development of the developing baby, causing lifelong decreased lung function and an increased risk of asthma,\" said Cindy McEvoy, M.D., M.C.R., neonatologist and associate professor of pediatrics at OHSU Doernbecher Children''s Hospital.\"We found that babies born to pregnant smoking women who took 500 milligrams of Vitamin C daily during their pregnancy had significantly improved pulmonary function tests measured at about 48 hours after delivery,\" she stated.In this pilot study, McEvoy and colleagues randomly assigned 159 pregnant women who were unable to quit smoking to either daily Vitamin C or a placebo starting before 22 weeks gestation through delivery. A group of nonsmoking pregnant women also was studied as a reference group.The researchers measured the pulmonary function in all newborns at approximately 48 hours of age and found the newborns of smoking women who received Vitamin C supplementation had significantly improved lung function compared with the newborns of smoking women who received a placebo, as measured by standard newborn pulmonary function testing (TPTeF:TE and Crs).In addition, the scientists found that one particular genetic variant that has been shown to increase the risk of smokers developing cancer and is associated with both a reduced ability to quit smoking and a high likelihood of relapse also seemed to intensify the harmful effects of maternal smoking on babies' lungs.\"Getting women to quit smoking during pregnancy has to be priority one, but this study provides a way to potentially help the infants born to the 50 percent of women who cannot quit smoking when pregnant,\" said McEvoy.\"Vitamin C supplementation may block some of the in-utero effects of smoking on fetal lung development.\"\"Our findings are important because improved lung function tests at birth are associated with less wheezing and asthma in childhood.\"Vitamin C is a simple, safe, and inexpensive treatment that may decrease the impact of smoking during pregnancy on the respiratory health of children,\" McEvoy said.The results will be presented at the American Thoracic Society 2012 International Conference in San Francisco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402545", "title": "Safe, cheap fuel for more districts", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government is in the process of finalising an action plan to extend city gas distribution (CGD) network to more districts. Once implemented, the network will ensure safe, cheap and uninterrupted fuel supply to auto, domestic, commercial and industrial sectors across UP.On Tuesday, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta met the chairman of Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board (PNGRB) S Krishnan to discuss the implementation of the project. A central regulatory body, PNGRB is empowered to authorise the setting up of city gas distribution (CGD) infrastructure in state, apart from notifiying them of regulations in this regard. \"UP Government is keen to usher in environmentally responsible and inclusive development in urban as well as rural areas. This initiative to build effective and cheap fuel distribution infrastructure is an important step in this direction,\" Gupta said. He added that CGD networks would be introduced in districts in a phased manner according to the demand and concentration of industries. This includes supply of Compressed Natural Gas (CNG) as auto fuel and Piped Natural Gas for domestic, commercial and industrial use.At present, CGD networks are already under implementation in 11 areas of UP -- Lucknow, Kanpur, Firozabad, Meerut, Noida, Greater Noida, Ghaziabad, Moradabad, Agra, Mathura and Khurja.Gupta also discussed issues including the identification of districts for setting up a single window clearance mechanism and the nomination of project nodal officers at the state, district and municipal levels. The government officials also took up matters pertaining to the determination of geographical areas for the CGD network, rationalisation of tax structure, establishing common ducting corridors for all CGD utilities. Matter relating to skill development of required manpower was also taken up. In this regard, Krishnan said natural gas is a promising resource for ensuring energy security across sectors and is cheaper and safer, environmentally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13408756", "title": "Wipro launches iPhone app", "text": "BANGALORE: Wipro Technologies has announced the launch of its first corporate iPhone app -- Wipro Buzz.The app, available free of charge in Apple's iTunes store, allows users access to white papers, articles by Wipro's leaders, press releases, news and events from its global centers spread across 54 countries.\"Wipro Buzz will not only keep our customers up to date with Wipro's thought leadership but will also help better integration of our increasingly mobile sales and marketing teams. Today, users demand access to information on the go to do their business better and take quicker informed decisions. Wipro understands this need,\" said Suchira Iyer, Chief Marketing Officer, IT Business, Wipro Ltd.The app is integrated with social media sites like Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn enabling users to share, promote and distribute the content seamlessly.The app has a built-in route mapping feature and a digital pedometer to help runners keep track of their training program.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13403413", "title": "STF arrests Maoist commander in Mumbai", "text": "PATNA: Special Task Force (STF) jawans on Monday caught a hard-core area commander of outlawed CPI (Maoists), Ram Dahin Sao, in Mumbai. He was carrying a reward of Rs 25,000 on his head.According to sources, Ram Dahin used to operate in Tekari and Konch (both in Gaya district) and Uphara in Aurangabad. All the three places are considered hotbeds of Maoists.Following a tip-off about Ram Dahin's presence in Mumbai, a team of STF was sent to Mumbai. The team located him in Virar area. After his identity was ascertained, the STF jawans swooped on the area commander and brought him over to the Virar police station. Later, he was produced before the local metropolitan magistrate.IG (STF) Amit Kumar confirmed the arrest. He said after Ram Dahin's arrival here, he would be produced before a district court where a prayer would be made for taking him on police remand. The area commander would be interrogated by a team of STF officials in police remand.It is for the first time that a Bihar-based Maoist was caught in Mumbai. Only after his interrogation it would be cleared why he had gone to Mumbai. Incidentally, Maoists are active in Maharashtra also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "madrid", "code": "13403052", "title": "Teachers, students strike in Spain against govt cuts in education spending", "text": "MADRID: Tens of thousand of striking teachers and students and their supporters demonstrated across Spain to protest deep government cuts to education spending.The protesters included groups of students, young parents accompanied by their sign-holding children and teachers wearing the green T-shirts that have become a symbol of their movement against the budget cuts.Thousands marched in Madrid on Tuesday behind a large black and white banner that read: \"Education is not an expense, it is an investment. No to the cuts!\"Many beat drums or blew whistles as they made their way from a square near parliament to the education ministry.Unions said 100,000 people had taken part in the protest in Madrid. Police gave no estimate.Late on Tuesday police dispersed the last groups of protesters and made three arrests.In Barcelona, Spain's second-largest city, police said 25,000 people had marched through the streets. Unions put the figure at more than 150,000.Protests were also held in several other cities, including Alicante, Pamplona, Seville, Valencia and Zaragoza.Unions said an average of 80 per cent of teachers from every level of Spain's education system, from primary school to university, took part in the job action, but the education ministry gave a figure of just under 23 per cent.Unions are angered over government cuts worth three billion euros (USD 3.8 billion) to education spending this year, which will lead to larger class sizes and increase average university tuition fees to 1,500 euros from 1,000 euros.The cuts are part of efforts by Spain's conservative government to slash the public deficit to 5.3 per cent of gross domestic product this year from 8.9 per cent last year and calm market fears that it will need a financial bailout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402261", "title": "Beacons for MPs hit Sonia Gandhi's red light", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday nixed the demand from MPs for red beacons just when the issue appeared sewn up with home ministry having indicated its readiness to give the facility with the exception of the VIP area of Delhi.The Congress chief 's thumbs down appeared governed by the apprehension that award of the \"status symbol\" would create chaos and inconvenience people, aggravating the prevailing cynicism against the political class. \"As Congress chief, I cannot accept this,\" sources quoted her telling fellow Congress MPs.The veto has put the issue in deep freeze just when it appeared all set to sail through the government barriers. While the road transport and highways ministry had given up its resistance to the MPs' demand, the home ministry too said it was ready for the proposal with the minor exception of VIP area of the capital, as reported by TOI.The issue was discussed in detail at the last meeting of the privileges committee where chairman P C Chacko talked about the informal nod from the key ministries and indicated that the issue could go to the Cabinet very soon. He had also discussed the issue with the prime minister.Sources said Chacko raised the matter at the meeting of the executives of Congress parliamentary party on Tuesday when Sonia revealed her mind to scupper the plan.The Congress chief remained unmoved when Chacko briefed her about the positive opinions of the ministries of home and roads, as also the fact that state governments allowed MPs to use beacons. Sonia said that states were free to take their call, but she did not favour the idea.While MPs have joined hands across party lines to demand the beacons, sections in Congress have felt it could boomerang in the current atmosphere of anger against the political class.The view was articulated by Congress MP Abhishek Singhvi who wrote to the prime minister warning that such a move would make MPs the butt of \"ridicule and derision\". He wrote, \"The current climate of cynicism and distrust does not behove people's representatives flaunting such privileges. It is likely to be highly misunderstood and become the butt of ridicule and derision, rather than respect or awe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13403003", "title": "Tribal bodies pitch for ex-Lok Sabha speaker PA Sangma", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: With two regional political parties, the Biju Janata Dal and the AIADMK, endorsing former Lok Sabha speaker Purno Agitok Sangma for the President's chair, the tribal social outfits of the state are pitching for his candidature.The outfits opined that Sangma, a tribal, has all the merits worthy of a President of India, hence he should be endorsed by the political parties.\"At a time when political parties across the board are calling for empowerment of the tribals, we think it's an appropriate time to send a good message to the tribal community by endorsing Sangma's candidature,\" said Akhil Bharatiya Adivasi Mahasabha convener Mukesh Birua.An appeal for support to Sangma is being faxed to all political parties, said Birua.The Kolhan Raksha Sangh, another tribal outfit, said when the Sikh community which has about 20 million population in the country could represent it in the Rashtrapati Bhavan, what was wrong in electing a tribal that has about 100 million population in the country.\"Although we are identified as the indigenous populace of India, ironically even 65 years after the Independence a tribal has never been the first citizen of the country,\" said Kolhan Raksha Sangh convener K C Hembram.For decades Hembram has been fighting for the empowerment of the tribals in the Saranda forest region of the mineral-rich West Singhbhum district.\"We hope the ruling parties (in the UPA II government) shall find answer to these questions,\" said a member of the Akhil Bharatiya Ho Samaj.The tribal outfits are, however, unanimous in saying that although they are seeking Sangma's endorsement, they are in principle talking of \"somebody from the tribal community\" to be made the President.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402210", "title": "No H1N1 case reported in Pune in last 12 days", "text": "PUNE: No fresh instances of swine flu infection have been reported in the city in the last 12 days. However, experts have advised precautionary measures in view of the impending monsoon, which provides an ideal setting for influenza-like illnesses.Since March, the deadly virus has infected 364 people and has claimed 12 lives.\"The last reported case was on May 10 when a 34-year-old man from Wadgaonsheri tested positive for the contagion. Meanwhile, we are consistently monitoring the situation,\" said S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health of the Pune Municipal Corporation.Similarly, the last admitted swine flu infection case was on May 9. A two-year-old boy from Tadiwala Road was treated for the infection at the PMC-run Naidu hospital. The last infected case requiring intensive medical care was also on May 9 when a 23-year-old woman was admitted to the ICU of a private hospital in Hadapsar. She later recovered.The last reported H1N1 Influenza A casualty in Pune was on April 27 when a 62-year-old man from Bibvewadi had succumbed to swine flu at a private hospital, taking the death toll in Pune to 12 since March 14.The victim was a cancer patient. On March 14, Kanta Sarode (48) succumbed to the H1N1 infection, becoming the first swine flu victim in Pune district since April 2011.The latest swine flu death was from the neighbouring Pimpri-Chinchwad when a 30-year-old woman Jayshree Santosh Gandhale, a resident of Kondhwa Khurd, succumbed to the swine flu infection on May 6 after showing miraculous recovering. The woman was on ventilator support for more than 40 days. The last reported H1N1 positive case from Pimpri-Chinchwad was on May 4.Ten of the 12 people who died of swine flu at various hospitals in Pune were residents of the city. The remaining two were from neighbouring rural areas. Since they died at hospitals in Pune, they are included in the city's swine flu death toll, said an official.The extended winter in the state, the intermittent sharp disturbances during the winter to summer transition phase and declining immunity among the masses were thought as likely reasons for the rise in swine flu the cases.Scientists at the National Institute of Virology (NIV) had recorded 10% to 15% rise in swine flu cases in March. Incidentally, Mexico, which reported the first case of swine flu infection in the world, was also seeing an increase during the same period since the pandemic shut down much of the country three years ago.\"The behaviour pattern of influenza viruses has been unpredictable. Hence, it is difficult to categorically pinpoint reasons. Prolonged winter, wide fluctuation in temperature, and declining immunity level are among the contributing factors. We cannot say whether the virus will strike back in monsoon,\" said A C Mishra, director, NIV, in an interview.In 2010, the World Health Organisation had warned that during the change of season, there will be sporadic seasonal outbreaks, for a couple of years before the virus dies down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403386", "title": "Survey shows sharp fall in strikes, rise in mandays", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee, known to be a staunch believer in the motto: Work comes first, has finally been able to make an impact on the people of Bengal. The work force in the state seems to have woken up to the chief minister's 'no strike' call. Going by statistics, the mandays lost due to bandhs have dropped manifold.In a recent survey conducted Workers across the state seem to have responded to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's appeal 'no strike' appeal, going by the labour department, survey that shows the number of mandays lost due to strikes declined to 60,000 in 2011-12 from 65.80 lakh in 2010-2011.State labour minister Purnendu Bose said that the finding was very encouraging. \"The report shows that strikes in factories across the state have come down and work days have increased,\" Bose said. finding is interesting,Considering the fact that most strikes were held when the Trinamool Congress was in the opposition, the statistics are motivating.The report makes a comparative analysis on how the number of mandays lost declined. It further elucidates how the says the new government adopted a proactive and balanced approach to industrial disputes, based on its 'Save Industry, Save Workers' principal that strongly discourages work stoppage.\"Working on this approach, we have found that while 68 lakh mandays were lost in 2009-10 and 65.80 lakh in 2010-2011, only 60,000 mandays were lost in 2011-2012. These figures, however, do not include lockouts in factories. The report also says that mandays lost due to lockouts have substantially declined in 2011-12 as compared to the previous years,\" said Bose.The minister said that there have been very few strikes in the last one year. Apart from a statewide strike by Left trade unions on February 28 which raised a lot of this year raised controversy, Besides, there have been strikes for about 10 to 12 days in the North Bengal tea gardens. The labour department is currently working on the coming out with'Samajik Mukti Cards' that will be issued soon to the workers in the for unorganized sector. workers that Chief minister Mamata Banerjee had announced this at a programme in Salt Lake stadium earlier this year. \"We are trying hard to introduce this card by June,\" the minister said.The Samajik Mukti Cards will somewhat resemble a smart card and help workers in the unorganized sector to avail of several benefits. smart card like card that will entitle unorganized sector workers to several benefits.At present, there are about one lakh workers in the unorganized sector which workers who include those from the various self help groups.The department is also working on setting up a first-of-its-kind computerized employment bank. The database will have names and details of all those people who have enrolled themselves. where details of those who have enrolled will be on a computerized data base.Those enrolled will also have online access to information about jobs available in particular fields. Currently, some 68 lakh unemployed people are enrolled in about the 70 employment exchanges across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402712", "title": "42 terror camps in Pak and PoK, says govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Tuesday said there were 42 terror training camps in Pakistan and Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir (PoK) and majority of these were active, with officials pointing out that the neighbouring country's refusal to rein in terrorist outfits within its territory was a signal for India to finetune its preparedness.Sharing the status of terrorist training camps, minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh told Lok Sabha that there was no specific input to indicate that terrorist camps were still functional in other neighbouring countries (like Bangladesh and Myanmar).\"As per the available intelligence inputs, there are approximately 42 training camps in Pakistan and PoK and majority of these camps are reported to be active. Government continuously monitors all developments having a bearing on India's national security and takes all necessary steps to safeguard it,\" Singh said in his written response to a Parliament question.A couple of hours after Singh's remarks, BSF chief U K Bansal said at the investiture ceremony of the force, \"The recalcitrance of the Pakistani establishment to rein in Taliban and Lashkar-e-Taiba leaders such as Mullah Omar and Hafiz Saeed should be read as a straw in the wind in checking the nature of activity which we anticipate on the borders. The BSF is cognizant of these future challenges and is preparing itself in terms of doctrine, infrastructure, weaponry and training.\"The BSF director general said as smuggling of fake Indian currency notes, drugs and weapons continue from across the Indo-Pakistan border, \"the next few years seem to have the potential of upgradation of these hostile activities particularly in the context of the phased disengagement of US and NATO forces from Afghanistan\".On Bangladesh, the BSF chief said the situation on the eastern borders with Bangladesh is known to follow the contours of internal politics in that country.\"While we a have mutually beneficial border management strategy with our counterpart Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB), the BSF is absolutely aware of its responsibilities to prevent border smuggling and human trafficking,\" a news agency quoted Bansal as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13403437", "title": "Complaint filed against Poonam Pandey for hurting religious sentiments", "text": "BANGALORE: The VI additional chief metropolitan magistrate (ACMM) will on Wednesday hear a private complaint accusing model Poonam Pandey of hurting religious sentiments by her statements in 2011 that she would pose nude if India won the cricket World Cup.Complainant S Umesh alleged that Poonam Pandey had declared that she posed nude before the images of a deity and ace cricketer Sachin Tendulkar. He said the notice he had sent to the model's residential address at Lokamanyanagar, Thane in Maharashtra yielded no response.The complainant contended that a case under sections 295, 295 (a) and 504 of IPC should be filed against Poonam for her vulgar act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "delhi", "code": "13401798", "title": "Colleges plan steps to curb fake admissions", "text": "DELHI: A year after the fake admission scam surfaced in Delhi University , colleges are planning to be extra careful. Though officials from colleges insist there is no foolproof way of identifying fake documents at the time of admissions, they are still going to devise measures to avoid getting conned by aspiring but undeserving candidates. Ramjas College had identified around 36 students enrolled in first and second year after admission last year who had forged their marksheets to gain admission. The revelation had later led to busting of a gang operating on North Campus.\"There is no scientific method of identifying fake certificates and marksheets. But we will make sure that there is no such case in our college. Every student seeking admission will first have to get his documents verified by the department he is seeking admission to, followed by the central admission committee. We will appoint more teachers to approve the documents at a third level before confirming the admission,\" said Pradyumn Kumar, acting principal, Hindu College. The college plans to appoint three teachers each for social science, science and commerce courses. He also suggested that marksheets should have special holograms issued by education boards.\"We are also likely to keep a watch on the entry gates to identify poachers. People running such scams often poach aspiring students outside colleges. We will put up a camera at the main gate, which will be monitored from the ICT room of the college,\" said Chandrachur Singh , faculty and warden, Hindu College. Many colleges are still waiting for guidelines from the university on how to carry out verification of the documents. Admissions will begin on the same day the cutoffs are released. The first cutoff list is likely to be out on June 26.\"Colleges are supposed to verify certificates submitted by students in the general and OBC categories only. The university conducts the admissions for SC/ST and differently-abled students. We will have to ensure that the certificates are verified just before confirming admission instead of doing it after the process is over,\" said P C Jain, principal, Shri Ram College of Commerce. He too said staff will be specially appointed to verify the authenticity of documents submitted for admission. \"They will simultaneously verify the marksheet with the data provided by different education boards. The caste certificates will be tallied with the information available on the websites of the issuing authorities,\" Jain added.The university hasn't formed guidelines yet to avoid a rerun of last year's scam. \"We expect colleges to verify the documents,\" said J M Khurana, dean, students' welfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401698", "title": "'Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport consumers still pay less than those in suburbs'", "text": "MUMBAI: It was not just BEST committee members, but also general manager Om Prakash Gupta who objected on Tuesday to the use of the term \"transport charges\" in electricity bills from June 1. However, Gupta pointed out that BEST consumers will still be paying less than RInfra or MSEDCL consumers in the suburbs.The new charges, as per the MERC directive, will be levied on 9.5 lakh consumers residing between Sion/Mahim and Colaba/Cuffe Parade from June 1.Gupta said the use of the term 'transport charges' was \"unnecessary\", saying, \"It has been framed by the MERC, which has bifurcated the power tariff as basic charge and transport division loss recovery charge. It is uncalled for.\" Gupta added, \"Consumers should look at the tariff hike in totality. If you add the two (basic and transport charges), you will still be paying less electricity charges than your neighbours - those residing in the suburbs and paying bills for RInfra or MSEDCL.\"\"In a nutshell, don't get carried away by the title (transport charges). You need to compare your power bills with those living in the suburbs and you will be happy that you are still paying less,\" he pointed out, adding that he was anticipating a \"break even\" in the next budget, following the recent tariff hike.TOI had reported about south Mumbai residents and committee members opposing the \"transport charges\", saying it was unfair to put the burden of the transport department losses on consumers who never took BEST buses at all.On Tuesday, the committee meeting was stormy. Cutting across party lines, members opposed the transport loss recovery charges. BJP member Dilip Patel said, \"Even those living Below Poverty Line have to pay a transport charge of 12 paise per unit. For middle class consumers, the transport charges go up from 55 paise per unit (0-100 units) to Rs 1.03 per unit (101-300 units).\"Congress member Ravi Raja demanded that the administration go to the appellate tribunal and oppose the new charges. Shiv Sena's Sunil Ganacharya demanded that RInfra and MSEDCL consumers also be billed for transport charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13403630", "title": "Dogs kill 3 peacocks at Meghdoot garden", "text": "INDORE: In a sheer display of insensitivity towards wildlife, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has allegedly tried to hide its lapse by quietly burying the carcasses of the peacocks mauled by stray dogs in Meghdoot garden here on Monday. Three peacocks were reportedly mauled by stray dogs inside the garden premises, where a piece of land has been allocated to an NGO working for the welfare of animals and birds.Following this incident, the civic body has ordered an inquiry into the incident, an official said.The local animal activist, Sudhir Khetawat, said that the lives of the national birds could have been averted had the IMC acted in a responsible manner. \"A wall should have been constructed around the area allocated for the NGO Animal and Bird Welfare to stop the straying of dogs into the compound,\" he said adding that Rs 20 lakh has been allocated for constructing the wall.\"There are a large number of peacocks in the neighbouring Pipliyana village and they frequently come to the Meghdoot garden, where the stray dogs are being kept,\" he said. Khetawat hope that the incident might be an eye-opener for the civic body officials, who can take swift measures to construct a wall.However, Khetawat claimed that this was the second such incident in which peacocks are killed at Meghdoot garden. Some peacocks were mysteriously killed on April 20, but officials did not adopt any step then to stop the recurrence of similar incidents, he said adding that peacock is a national bird and its protection is the responsibility of the forest department.Meanwhile, the IMC has ordered an inquiry into the incident.Talking to TOI, in charge of general administration committee of IMC, Ajay Singh Narukha said that an inquiry has been ordered into the incident.\"Dr Uttam Yadav, the zoo in charge, will head the inquiry committee,\" he said. Narukha further said such incident should not be repeated and all measures should be taken to prevent such mishaps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401551", "title": "SSC results put off by a day", "text": "HYDERABAD: SSC students who have been eagerly waiting for their results will have to wait for one more day to know their fate. The directorate of government examinations will now release the results only on Thursday, instead of Wednesday.A day before the scheduled date for announcing the results, the directorate postponed it by one day as minister for secondary education K Parthasarathi will be back in the city only on Thursday from his bypoll campaign in Tirupati.This is the second time that the directorate had to postpone the results to suit the minister's schedule. Though the initial plan was to release the results at 11 am on Wednesday the officials had to postpone it to 4.30 pm the same day as the minister was to attend a party meeting.The decision was taken at a short notice. This sudden postponement has heightened tension among students who are apprehensive as to how the CBSE model grading system, which was recently introduced in SSC, would affect them.As per the new grading system, instead of marks, just grading (on a scale of 10) will be given in SSC certificates of the students. The directorate officials, however, said that it was the minister's busy schedule that forced them to postpone the results.\"We had slated the function at 4.30 pm and this seemed not convenient time for students to access the internet for the results. Hence, we decided to defer the timing and postpone it by a day,\" said B Manmadha Reddy, director, government examinations.The decision incensed several students and parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401351", "title": "Quarrying threat to Bondla wildlife?", "text": "PANAJI: Large-scale quarrying on the fringe of Bondla has sparked fears among activists of irreversible damage to the prime wildlife habitat and danger to the state's successful eco-tourism complex.While the mines and geology department has permitted two leases for quarrying basalt, activists are agitated over the lack of mechanisms to monitor the activities.The leases in Conquirem, in Guleli village of Sattari taluka, are, after all, less than 2km from Bondla wildlife sanctuary's limits and close to the zoo.\"The wild animals are naturally affected as there is a lot of blasting in the basalt quarries,\" a source at the zoo said.Nitin Sawant, director, World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF), Goa, agreed, \"The blasts produce heavy noise and vibrations, scaring the wild animals out of their habitat.\"In a degraded habitat, the wild animals perceive the intense noise pollution as signs of some looming danger. \"This will lead to migration of animals and trigger a man -animal conflict in the nearby areas if it continues,\" Sawant stressed. The zoo, which is visited everyday by hordes of visitors, including tourists, is turning out to be a prime example of sustainable eco-tourism. Two tigers, sloth bears, crocodiles, reptiles and various species of deer are the main attractions coupled with the scenic ambience.Ambitious plans are also in the pipeline to expand the zoo in phases.But activists allege that the movement of animals is affected as quarries plumb the earth's depths over time depleting the ground water.\"A few natural springs in the area have dried up, reducing the moisture and impacting the cool ambience of the place,\" said the source at the zoo. A few species are habitat-specific and irreversible devastation of their living space will leave permanent damage.\"The animals need to move around in search of prey or water, or for mating, but these types of mining activities become a permanent hindrance for these animals,\" Sawant explained.The groundwater table keeps receding as water is pumped out of quarries to prospect more metal.\"If water is not available, the animals will stray out of the habitat and the sanctuary,\" Sawant said.Though two quarries are allowed to operate, activists allege people have little knowledge of what is legal.\"The quarries are encroaching into the forest areas and posing danger to the nearby water bodies,\" Saish Khandeparker, president, Union of Wildlife Activists, told TOI.Located barely 200m from the bank of the Mhadei river, the quarries pose a threat to the bandhara erected by the water resources department. The water is pumped into a pipeline to the Opa water treatment plant.\"Mhadei, which is Goa's biggest river, and its tributary, Ragda, will silt due to washing off rejection dumped on the banks,\" Khandeparker said.Ironically, quarrying activities are being carried out within 2km, despite a Supreme Court directive to set up a 10km buffer zone around protected areas. A government-appointed team is studying the matter of demarcating the size of the protective zone.\"The mines department should study the feasibility of allowing quarrying activities in this sensitive area in the future,\" Ramesh Gawas, a social activist, said.The machines crushing the metal release fine particles and other wastes, which settle in the water meant for drinking.\"We will look into the matter,\" Prasanna Acharya, director, mines and geology department, said.Many villages, bordering forest areas are already facing a crisis, as paddy crops and plantations are destroyed by wild animals.The government is compelled to pay lakhs of rupees as compensation for crop damage. The degradation of the ecology and the loss of a niche for animals pose a threat to man and animal alike, warn activists.\"This will only escalate the man-animal conflict and Bondla, which has a lot of eco-tourism potential, will be lost if we don't initiate timely measures to protect it,\" Sawant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400905", "title": "Notice against ayurveda officials", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court on Monday took suo motu cognizance of contempt against three senior officials of ayurveda department including the principal secretary, for harassing a workcharge employee posted at Jamwaramgarh in Jaipur since 1995 despite a court order to give him the status of a semi-permanent employee.Justice Munishwar Nath Bhandari passed the order on a writ petition filed by one Kailash Chand Sharma, who was appointed as Class IV employee in the government ayurveda dispensary, Jamwaramgarh and was initially paid Rs 75 only as wages. However, when he served a notice on the authorities for seeking minimum wages, he was terminated on May 25, 1995. He filed a petition in the labour court in 2000 which directed his reinstatement and the status of a semi-permanent workcharge employee.The petitioner then sought regular payscale which was denied and ultimately in February 2005 the petitioner was reinstated in the service and that too by the orders passed by high court in a writ filed by him in 2000. It was alleged by the petitioner that despite his reinstatement, he was never paid regular salary, forcing him again to approach high court with a new petition in 2009 where again the court asked the ayurveda department to implement the order of labour court to grant him a semi-permanent employee status within one month.Taking a serious note of the high handedness of the ayurveda department in flouting court orders, the court issued showcause notice to principal secretary, ayurveda department, director, ayurveda department and additional director ayurveda, as also district ayurveda officer-I Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13403497", "title": "Punjab mulls extending runway", "text": "LUDHIANA: Springing fresh hope for better air connectivity from Sahnewal airport, a survey has been conducted to check the feasibility of extending the runway there. An extended runway would mean that big planes could land here and residents would not have to change flights at Delhi.Sources said the Punjab government had requested Airports Authority of India (AAI) to survey whether the runway can be extended from 4,800 feet to 7,500 feet and if there are any hurdles in the path. The survey was conducted last week and its report is expected this week.Manager with AAI in Sahnewal, V P Jain said, ''A team had come for the feasibility survey and if everything goes well there would be major relief for this airport.''If the feasibility survey conducted for extending the runway at Sahnewal airport leads to positive results, land acquisition will begin soon.Sources said earlier Punjab government had acquired 7.5 acres of land for DVOR installation but it had taken several years for the same.Businessman Anshul Jain, who stays in Civil Lines, said, ''Most of the time flight remains cancelled or arrives late so there is dire need of bringing improvements in its infrastructure. It's a welcome step if government wants to do something for this airport.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401494", "title": "Harmalkar was a very good contractor: Rego", "text": "PANAJI: It is unlikely that PWD contractor Vishwas Harmalkar from Silvanagar, Ponda, who committed suicide in a Mayem hotel on Friday night, did so due to unpaid dues by the government, PWD principal chief engineer J S S Rego told TOI on Tuesday.Asked to comment, Rego said Harmalkar was his \"good friend\" and a \"very good contractor, whose works were very good quality-wise.\" But he also said that considering Harmalkar's unpaid dues of 36.28 lakh, it might not have been reason enough for him to take his life.Rego said, \"There are other contractors who are waiting for unpaid dues amounting to 4-5 crore. Of his (Harmalkar's) two projects for us, one was for the police department and the other for the education department. We have to write to the police department asking them to allot funds to us to clear the payment. Similarly, we have to write to the education department. Ours is a process.\"He elaborated that Harmalkar's projects were the Pernem police station for 2.78 crore and a school at Zuna bazaar, Ponda, for 88 lakh. While the former had an outstanding of 31.65 lakh, the latter had a 4.63 lakh outstanding, Rego said.He said he had been trying to contact Harmalkar over the last few days but the latter did not respond. He refused to speculate on the reason for Harmalkar's suicide.Asked for the total outstanding amount PWD has to pay its contractors, Rego said he had to check records and could not say off-hand. Sources said the sum could range between 100 and 125 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "13402759", "title": "Locals kill leopard in Bahraich, two held", "text": "BAHRAICH: A leopard was on Tuesday hacked to death allegedly by villagers in Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary in Bahraich district, forest officials said. The two-and-a-half year old leopardess was attacked with sticks and spade by residents of Gangapur village after it sneaked into the human territory, DFO RK Singh said. The animal was later hacked to death, he said. \"Two people have been arrested and five others booked in this connection,\" the DFO said.Katarniaghat wildlife sanctuary is a part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve, and is located in Uttar Pradesh near the India-Nepal border, in the Terai area of Bahraich district. It covers an area of 400 km and was established in 1976. tnnThe sanctuary is now being managed along with the Dudhwa National Park and Kishanpur Wildlife Sanctuary, as part of the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve under Project Tiger of the Government of India. The Katarniaghat Forests provide strategic connectivity between tiger habitats of Dudhwa and Kishanpur in India and the Bardia National Park in Nepal . Its fragile Terai ecosystem comprises a mesmerizing mosaic of Sal and Teak forests, lush grasslands, steaming swamps and wetlands. it is unique for the number of endangered and critically endangered species, which occur here and include the gharial, tiger, rhino, Gangetic dolphin, Swamp Deer, Hispid hare, the White-backed and Long-billed vultures.One of the best places in the world for seeing the Gharial in its natural habitat is the Girwa River, where it is found sympatric with the mugger. This population was one of three that were still breeding, when the project to conserve this reptile from the verge of extinction was initiated in 1975. In the Girwa, mugger crocodiles are also seen though in much smaller numbers, as their favourite haunts are stagnant wetlands like the many taals andbaghars that occur in the sanctuary. Side by side the serenely swimming gharial can be seen frolicking Ganges dolphins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13401020", "title": "Stop being \u2018biased\u2019, sonography centres to government", "text": "JAIPUR: Accusing the state government of bias and meting out unfair treatment against the sonography centres, at least 1,800 private sonography centres including 500 in Jaipur stopped conducting ultrasound tests on pregnant women.The Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes Society said until the state government stops working under grudges against the sonography centres, it will not conduct the ultrasound tests.\"We did not conduct the tests and we will stop the work for an indefinite period. The department of medical and health is taking action against sonography centres in the name of PCPNDT(Pre-Conception and Pre-Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act, 1994. If a particular sonography centre is violating the Act and is found indulging in illegal practice of sex determination, it should be punished. But in the name of this Act, everyone should not be put in the soup,\" said Dr Sanjay Arya, president of the society, on Tuesday.The government has to understand that not all sonography centres are involved in the illegal practice of sex determination, he said. \"They are taking action in a biased manner which we are not going to tolerate and subscribe,\" Arya said.The owners of the sonography centres also alleged that the department has seized the machines and also cancelled licenses in the last couple of days without checking their credentials. \"They have been canceling our licenses just to prove a point. But, we assured the state government that we will give all possible support in stopping female feticide in the state but the government needs to be a bit impartial,\" he added.On Tuesday, more than 500 sonography centres in the city and nearly 800 across the state did not conduct the ultrasound tests on pregnant women.It may be mentioned that actor Aamir Khan had highlighted the issue of female foeticide in the first episode of his TV serial 'Satyamev Jayate'. Later, he met the chief minister Ashok Gehlot and had asked that trials of various cases of female feticide should be given to a fast track court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401506", "title": "Headless body identified by tattoo; cops look for details", "text": "NEW DELHI: The man whose headless body was found inside a sack in the Prasad Nagar area has been identified as Lakhan Singh Sharma, central district police said. The identification was made possible by a tattoo mark on the man's right hand where his name was inscribed.\"The body was sent for autopsy at the Maulana Azad Medical College on Monday. The body was decomposed but we could trace his name on the tattoo. There was a love tattoo on his chest also,'' said additional CP (central) Devesh Srivastav, adding the deceased's age would be between 20 and 25 years.Although the man's name has been confirmed, police said that his full identity is yet to be established. \"We do not know the man's address or his whereabouts. We have informed all police stations in NCR. A message has also been sent that a list of all missing persons with the same name be forwarded to us,'' the officer added.According to sources, the deceased was possibly strangulated and struck with a heavy object as there was an injury at the back of his head. Also, the deceased was possibly murdered in another location and the body was later dumped at Tank Road, sources added.The incident was reported on Friday when a hacked body of a man, with its head and upper torso missing, was found in a bag in Defence Colony, south Delhi. Some passerby had reportedly informed police about foul smell emanating from a bag there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13403021", "title": "He shunned chemistry to be consumed by cricket", "text": "It was the final of the 1971 Ranji Trophy and the Bombay team looked like a Bombay University team. While Maharashtra was led by the experienced Chandu Borde, no Mumbaikar gave a semblance of a chance to Bombay, whose five stars - Ajit Wadekar, Dilip Sardesai, Sunil Gavaskar, Ashok Mankad and Eknath Solkar - were in the West Indies with the Indian team.Bombay managed to beat Delhi and Bengal in the previous two matches, but Maharashtra was a formidable team. However, a day before the match, Chairman of the Mumbai selection committee, Vijay Merchant, said \"Don't underestimate the cricketing intelligence of young captain Sudhir Naik.\"After scoring 287, Bombay took a 57-run lead, but were bundled out for paltry 196 in the second innings leaving Maharashtra to get 253 to win the trophy. At the end of the fourth day, Maharashtra were five down for 144, needing 109 to win having lost Borde to a brilliant catch by Milind Rege off Shivalkar.Sensing an easy win, the Maharashtra Cricket Association made arrangements for a celebration in a five star hotel. However, everyone was in for a shock. Next day, Sudhir Naik exerted a lot of pressure with attacking fields and Shivalkar did the rest. As predicted by Merchant, it was Naik, who handled his inexperienced resources excellently and put pressure all the time.In another Ranji Trophy final, against Madras, in 1973 that ended in two days and one ball, it was Naik who stood upto Venkat and VV Kumar on a rank bad turner.Dilip Vengsarkar, who played with Sudhir a lot and fondly calls him James, because he used to walk like James Bond, he says.\"Sudhir and I have played many matches together for Tatas and Mumbai. I shared a lot of partnerships with him. As a batsman, I found him technically very sound and an excellent player of fast bowling. In my second match, I shared an opening partnership of 250 runs with him for Mumbai against very good Baroda attack. He was a typical Mumbai player: mentally tough and disciplined. He was good as a captain too; a good student of the game, he knew how to get the best out of his players. He played the game the hard way and expected others to do the same.\"A post graduate in chemistry from Bombay University, Naik didn't play more than three Tests. Though he was the highest run-getter in the side games in 1974 on the tour of England, he got to play the last Test. Playing against Geoff Arnold and Chris Old, he scored 77 on a seaming pitch.The Wankhede wicket is the baby that Naik was never acknowledged for. When players of poor calibre criticise the wicket, he feels hurt. Says Vengsarkar, \"As a curator, he is outstanding. Though he did not get the respect he deserves, he is by far one of the best I have seen in the business. In fact, his expertise must be used by all to produce bouncy wickets all across India, an aspect that needs to be addressed urgently to improve the quality of our first class cricket.\"Naik would be justified in feeling hurt when something he nurtured with so much passion is not cared for. The authorities should have recognised his cricketing knowledge long ago. Now the least they can do is acknowledge his yeomen service to Mumbai cricket in a manner that is befitting his stature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401579", "title": "Andhra train accident: Railways blame driver for jumping red signal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Railways blamed loco pilot of Bangalore-bound Hampi Express for jumping the signal at Penukonda station that led to the accident.\"As per preliminary information received, the incident occurred due to passing the red signal by the loco pilot of Hampi Express,\" said minister of state for Railways Baratsingh Solanki in Rajya Sabha.In Upper House, the minister said that the incident occurred when a stationary goods train was hit from behind by the Hampi Express. As a result, two coaches of the passenger train derailed and the first derailed coach caught fire.The attempt to blame the loco drivers attracted the ire of railway employees unions. They claimed that the driver of Hampi Express was not rested properly, blaming railways management for neglecting safety as there are 25% of the posts of loco drivers are still lying vacant.\"There is growing tendency in management to blame loco pilots for each and every accident. After every accident, there is shifting of blame on lower functionaries. The drivers are not rested properly,\" said Ram Gopal Mishra of All-India Railwaymen Federation, adding that the cut in safety budget is seriously affecting the operations which are leading to accidents,\" Mishra said.The issue was also highlighted by the High Level Safety Review Committee headed by Anil Kakodkar. \"It is noted that many times, practices and incidents impinging on safety in train operation and also the cause of accidents are not fairly brought to the notice of management as departmental loyalties often over-shadow the quest for getting into the ground realities for improvement.\"The management has not woken up though the number of deaths have gone up from 208 to 381 and total casualties from 610 to 844 during the same period due to severity of accidents.Though the number of train accidents have come down from 195 in 2006-07 to 141 in 2010-11.It was found that 42% of accidents took place due to failure of railway staff, 43% due to failure of other than railway staff and 7% due to sabotage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400759", "title": "3-member panel begins probe into oil spill case", "text": "JAIPUR: A high level committee constituted by the Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) started its probe on the cause behind the oil leak while the police officers were on the job of collecting ground evidence to find out the exact reason behind the leakage. The oil major formed the panel a day after the major tragedy was averted at the IOC depot in the Sitapura Industrial area to probe the incident.On Sunday morning, a major disaster was averted at the IOCL depot in Sitapura area when thousands of litres of oil spilled on to the premises. The leak created panic in the area.The committee members reached at the depot at 3 pm on Tuesday and spoke to the technical staff to find out the reasons behind the leakage. \"We will also find if there was some theft angle into it,\" a member said. The committee comprising members from Rajkot and Delhi will submit a detailed report to the IOC headquarters in Delhi.Earlier on Monday, members of the the Sitapura Industry Association (SIA) met industry minister Rajendra Pareek and demanded shifting of the IOC depot from Sitapura industrial area to any other place outside the city. Meanwhile, a team of Jaipur police also visited the spot and registered the statements of the technical staff and took note about the on-duty technical staff.\"We had already registered a case against the functional unit. The process of recording the statements was going smoothly,\" said B L Soni, commissioner of police, Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13400853", "title": "Bouncy turf, hot weather greet Indians", "text": "BANGALORE: A bouncy blue turf and hot, humid weather greeted the Indians on the first day of training ahead of the 21st Sultan Azlan Shah Cup hockey tournament at Ipoh on Tuesday.The team, which reached the Malaysian city on Monday after a gruelling 22-hour journey from Pune, had its first training session on Tuesday and had to grapple with the bounce that characterises the blue turf. The team had struggled to come to terms with it during the Olympic test event earlier this month.\"The turf is still new, and the ball bounces a fair bit if you don't pass it properly,\" chief coach Michael Nobbs said. \"This is just the characteristic of a new turf. But it is a better surface and isn't slippery. It's just a matter of getting used to the colour. We will train on the second pitch tomorrow which is green and then start the day after.\"However, the team is in 'good spirits', according to Nobbs. \"The boys are all in good spirits and good health. They have been told to drink enough water to make sure they keep there fluid levels up as this will be a problem with the weather so hot.\"The Indian team will be led by goalkeeper Bharat Chetri.India will open their campaign against New Zealand on May 24 followed by matches against Korea (May 25), Great Britain (May 27), Malaysia (May 28), Argentina (May 30) and Pakistan (May 31). The tournament runs until June 3.India have won the title on five occasions earlier - in 1985, 1991, 1995, 2009 and 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403267", "title": "Filmmaker who launched Arnold Schwarzenegger zooms in on Sunderbans", "text": "KOLKATA: English photographer and documentary filmmaker George Butler , who is credited with launching Arnold Schwarzenegger's film career with his first docu feature 'Pumping Iron' in 1977, is preparing to shoot a large-format film on the Sunderbans, the world's largest mangrove forest and one of the endangered tiger species' last strongholds.Butler has just returned to Washington DC after a fortnight's reconnaissance of the Sunderbans in India and Bangladesh and is preparing the final production plans before shooting on 'Tiger, Tiger' commences later this year. The 3D Imax adventure-cum-conservation film is expected to spark interest of a global audience, giving eco-tourism in the Sunderbans a much-needed fillip. The documentary will be made under the banner of Butler's production company White Mountain Films (WMF).Butler, who has directed other large-format docu features, including the highly-acclaimed 97-minute documentary 'The Endurance' about Ernest Shackleton's failed Antarctic expedition in 1914, first visited the Sunderbans in 2006 and was so struck by the adaptability of Bengal Tigers to the unique ecology that he decided to make a large-format movie on it. However, the high cost of Imax production (2-D Imax film costs $3-8 million and 3-D $8-15 million) meant a longish wait to organize funds.In the interim period, Butler and writer Caroline Alexander conceived and developed 'Tiger, Tiger'. The duo spent months researching the Sunderbans, its tigers and the crucial work being done to save them. In the article 'Tigerland' for The New Yorker , Alexander discussed her experience of the Sunderbans and shed important light on its tigers, forest dwellers who depend on the mangrove to survive and the modern problems facing their relationship today. Incidentally, Alexander is the author of a forthcoming National Geographic article on the state of the tiger worldwide.\"This unique ecological setting is also known as one of the most dangerous places on earth. Here, tigers are famous not only for their remarkable ability to hunt and skillfully navigate through the network of tidal rivers, channels, mudflats, creeks and an archipelago of islands , but most of all, for reasons still not understood, for being habitual man-eaters. In the Sunderbans, the essence of wildlife conservation everywhere is experienced on dramatically large scale every day - how can man co-exist with nature?\" recounted Alexander.The film will follow Dr Alan Rabinowitz, one of the top big cat biologists in the world and the man responsible for saving the jaguar in South America , as he tracks the tigers of the Sunderbans. Dr Rabinowitz is the co-founder and CEO of Panthera, the non-profit organization devoted to saving the world's wild cat species. This epic journey, will take the tiger expert deep into the mangrove forest for the first time. From the villagers who stray into the protected forest, the people working tirelessly on the ground to protect both man and tiger, to the ancient tiger legends that pervade the forest, Alan's journey will guide viewers through a mystical and stunning landscape rarely seen on the big screen.To be filmed in the tradition of WMF's 'Shackleton's Antarctic Adventure' and 'Roving Mars' productions, the film promises to take audiences into the ancient, threatened kingdom of the Bengal Tiger of the Sundarbans. \"Tiger, Tiger aims to communicate the desperate state of tigers and the vital work being done to save them to audiences around the world. WMF looks forward to mobilizing awareness of tiger conservation initiatives in the Sunderbans and generating support throughout and beyond project Tiger, Tiger,\" said Butler, who met Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas in Washington DC last month prior to learn more about the Sunderbans from a forester who had spent nearly a decade in the region.Vyas, who convinced Butler to shoot in the Indian section of the Sunderbans along with the original setting in Bangladesh, has assured cooperation of the state forest department. \"I have asked forest officials to ensure that there is no red tapism. So long as the team complies with rules, we should provide all help. This is a huge opportunity to take the mysticism of the Sunderbans to the world. Once in the spotlight, tiger conservation as well as eco-tourism in the region will get a huge fillip,\" Vyas explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13401283", "title": "Governor starts process to name Mafsu vice chancellor", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally, the much awaited process for appointment of a vice chancellor for the city-based Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) has begun. Maharashtra Governor, who is chancellor of all universities in the state, has already nominated members for the search committee to select the VC.A letter mentioning the names of members of search committee reached the university last Thursday. The search committee is being headed by retired Justice Vikas Sirpurkar, with director general of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) S Ayyapan and secretary of Maharashtra animal husbandry department Anil Dighikar as other members. Director of Mumbai-based Central Institute for Research in Cotton Technology ( CIRCOT) AJ Sheikh has been nominated as nodal officer for the process.Sources in the university however say the details of the advertisement are yet to be worked out by the committee. The advertisement is likely to be released in a week. Mafsu has remained headless for a long period in last few years. Mafsu VC Arun Ninawe was suspended in May 2010 and the university remained without a VC for a complete year when CS Prasad from ICAR was appointed as VC in May 2011. But Prasad, who prepared a big road map for the university, resigned on March, 2012, as he wanted to go back to his family in Bangalore.Since then Mafsu was being run by divisional commissioner BV Gopala Reddy and acting registrar Monica Thakur. The university has got Diane as the new full time registrar on Monday. The university may get the new VC within three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13403205", "title": "13 slum children enrolled in schools", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite several implementation issues that remain unresolved, the drive to put RTE into operation is picking up pace. Thirteen children from the Ambedkarnagar slum, Fraser Town, who filled in the admission forms under RTE on Monday, took the next step forward on Tuesday morning. Accompanied by their parents , they made their way to three private schools in the neighbourhood to seek admission.While some got admission in Goodwill Girls High School, others got in St Rocks High School and Aloysius Middle School for the forthcoming academic year, due to commence in June. \"I am elated as I have security regarding her education at least till she turns 14,\" said Noor Jahan, mother of six-year-old Shaziya Begum, who got admission in Goodwill Girls High School.What remains a worry, however, is the alarmingly low level of awareness on RTE among principals of some schools. '' We haven't received any notice from the government and many schools are unaware of different aspects of implementation . It is good to see RTE being implemented but I sincerely hope that the families of these children are equally involved in their education,'' said Mary, principal, St Aloysius High School.''We are willing to enrol children under RTE. But in the past few years, we have not had a single family approaching us to seek admission for their children ,''said Vani S, principal, Goodwill Girls High School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13403006", "title": "Awareness programme to promote eco-friendly trade", "text": "KOTTAYAM: An awareness programme to educate the merchant community on the need to conduct eco-friendly trade will be held here on Thursday.The programme is being organized jointly by Clean Kerala Mission and Kottayam municipality.District collector Mini Antony has urged the public to participate in the effort to make the town free of waste. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan is also expected to take part in the awareness drive.The town will be divided into 10 zones and separate squads will operate in each zone. These squads will visit all trading units, including shops and hotels, to create awareness about management of waste at source.V K Anilkumar, chairman, Municipal Health Standing Committee, said each squad would have five councillors. They will also have representatives of residents associations, Janamaitri police, merchants associations, student police and charity organizations. These squads will also be accompanied by nursing students, municipal health workers and health department staff.The squads will evaluate how waste is processed in shops and restaurants. They will convince traders on the need to avoid plastic bags and use paper, jute/cloth bags. They will distribute stickers and posters to be displayed in all shops. The details of each shop owner will be compiled for follow-up actions.In the second stage of the project, an exhibition of carry bags made of eco-friendly materials would be held in Kottayam, said the collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13403120", "title": "Trichy girl secures state third rank in Geography", "text": "TRICHY: C Gayatri, a student of Saradha Vidyalaya Hindu Higher Secondary School, Trichy secured third rank in the state in geography by scoring 198 marks in the plus two examinations. She scored 1,088 marks in total.The youngest daughter of N Chandrasekaran, a cleaner in a private bus service between Trichy and Chennai and C Maheswari, a housewife from Pazhoor near Samayapuram, Gayatri on her success said, \"I feel elated ever since I heard that I secured third rank in the state in geography. I never imagined that I would become a state rank-holder.\" Her father was away in Chennai on duty and had to convey his heartfelt wishes to his daughter over phone.Unfortunately for Gayatri, her dreams of becoming a successful businesswoman by enrolling in BBA course have been shattered. \"I was denied admission for BBA as my subjects in plus two were related to history and geography. So I decided to go for BA (History) and will take up competitive examinations.\"She also said \"I have not taken much effort to secure the state rank. I used to study between 5am and 7am and 6pm to 10pm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402640", "title": "Several steps taken for welfare of ex-servicemen: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under attack from retired soldiers for not implementing the long-demanded one-rank, one-pension (OROP) mechanism, the government said several steps had been taken over the last three years to \"improve ex-servicemen's welfare'' at an additional annual cost of Rs 2,200 crore.This comes in the backdrop of Army chief General V K Singh telling ex-servicemen, in several recent rallies leading up to his slated retirement on May 31, that he had raised the issue of their pension anomalies that emerged after implementation of the 6th Pay Commission with the defence ministry.With UPA-2 completing three years in office, the defence ministry on Tuesday chose to dwell upon the \"doles'' it had granted to ex-servicemen. The defence community of 14 lakh serving and 23 lakh retired military personnel, after all, swells into a sizable - albeit diffused -- votebank of around 1.5 crore people if family members are also taken into account.\"Significant improvements in pension for armed forces personnel were made over and above the benefits that accrued out of implementation of the 6th Pay Commission. Of the additional Rs 2,200 crore, a major share amounting to Rs 1,636 core went towards further improving the pension of PBORs (personnel below officer ranks),'' the MoD said.\"Conceding a long standing demand of ex-servicemen, the government also earmarked another Rs 470.66 crore by bringing about parity between pre- and post-1997 PBOR pensioners,'' it added, listing out several other measures.Ex-servicemen, however, are not fully convinced. A large group of ex-servicemen, for instance, has been regularly holding rallies and returning their medals over the last 45 months. \"There are several anomalies that still persist, while OROP remains a pipedream. Then, there is the question of the systematic downgrading of the armed forces compared to their civilian counterparts,'' said a retired officer.But MoD, in the past, has contended that full OROP was neither financially nor administratively possible. Full OROP implementation, for instance, could mean an annual outgo of another Rs 1,200-1,300 crore, apart from payment of arrears in the range of Rs 4,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401693", "title": "Mystery shrouds Delhi cop\u2019s death", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week of investigations by Meerut police and the UP STF has raised doubts over the road rage theory in the death of a Delhi Police head constable near Meerut on May 15.Investigators believe the sequence of events - as explained by the two other cops who were accompanying him - may not be exactly as is being claimed. But forensic experts are waiting for lab reports before making any comment.The findings come days after the cop's family approached police to register their complaint that head constable Sanjeev Malik might have been killed by his \"own men'' and the forensic team from Lucknow found the forensic evidences are not matching the Delhi police versions.According to the Delhi police version, during the altercation constable Sachin (accompanying Sanjeev) stepped out of the Wagon R only to be hit by a bullet on his thigh and Sanjeev was hit on his arm and chest. The third constable Vivek managed to escape unhurt rushed the two injured to a nearby hospital where Sanjeev was pronounced dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401285", "title": "Out on bail, cabbie kills brother of girl he loved", "text": "NEW DELHI: A cab driver who killed a man two years ago for showing interest in the woman he loved has been arrested for another murder. While the first victim was the cabbie's close friend, his recent target was the woman's youngest brother who had asked him to stop harassing his sister.The accused Lokesh (27) was arrested along with two associates, Sandeep (20) and Dhiraj (22). They helped him commit the second murder. Lokesh alias Lucky is a resident of Farsh Bazar and has been out on bail since eight months.Police said Lokesh's obsession with the girl began in 2005, when he used to drop her to school in his van. \"He fancied the girl but she never reciprocated his feelings. In 2010, while he was returning home, he saw his childhood friend Pramod speaking to the woman. In a fit of jealousy, he decided to murder Pramod. He took Pramod to Muradnagar in UP in his van and strangulated him. When the east district cops arrested him, he told them that he had warned his friend against talking to the girl but his instructions were ignored,'' said a special unit officer of the crime branch.The woman (24) was unaware of the man's infatuation till the first murder was discovered.According to additional CP (crime) Ashok Chand, eight months ago Lokesh was let off on bail. When he tried to rekindle his friendship with the same woman, the youngest among her five siblings - 19-year-old Bittoo - objected, asking him not to disturb her. Determined to get rid of anyone who came in between him and the woman, Lokesh decided to murder Bittoo. On April 4, the trio took Bittoo to Noida, strangulated him and dumped the naked body in Sector 65. They also threw away Bittoo's cellphone and other belongings in a canal at Garhi, said DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain.Sources said Lokesh was arrested from the Cross River Mall area near Surajmal Vihar in east Delhi on Monday. \"He had, meanwhile, tried to comfort the woman and even attended Bittoo's last rites. We have seized the Maruti van used in both the murders and a forensic examination will be carried out,\" said an investigator.Additional DCP (crime) Joy Tirkey said that while co-accused Sandeep is a friend whom Lokesh had met just a few months back, Dhiraj is his childhood friend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13402026", "title": "Jalasen Ghat crying for salvation", "text": "VARANASI: With broken steps and seepage distinctly clear from a distant place, it would be a surprise if people still perform the ritual of placing the dead body into water at Jalasen Ghat, a neighbouring ghat of Manikarnika Ghat which is one of the prominent cremation ghats in the city.The ritual is considered an essential part of last rite ceremony, but the pathetic condition of the ghat has hardly left any scope for performing the ritual on the banks of Ganga in the city.When TOI visited the ghat, the broken steps, ruptured embankments and scattered wastes with leftovers of last rite function that were dumped along the embankments were enough to give it a filthy and unhygienic look.The debris containing broken pieces of cemented structures including that of steps along with the remains of wooden boats hardly left any space to perform the ritual. If it was not enough, remains of ashes, broken earthen bowls, plastic bags containing rotten flowers and garlands were found dumped along the embankments of the ghat. If it were not mandatory to perform the part of last rite function at the ghat, most people would avoid performing the ritual at the place.It is not surprising that a number of people insist that the ceremony be performed at Manikarnika Ghat itself after witnessing the pathetic condition of the Jalasen Ghat. The place has become a dumping ground for relieving the articles used for last rite function and it remains one of the most ill-maintained ghat in the vicinity, said Mangaru Majhi, one of the local boatmen who carry dead bodies on boats to perform the ritual on the ghat.It is believed that the funeral pyre at Manikarnika Ghat never extinguishes, but the neighbouring Jalasen Ghat hardly witnesses any activity. While crevices have appeared along the algae-laden steps, the stepped embankments are dangerously broken. The uprooted stone slabs from the floors of platforms give rugged look while deplastered walls have taken away the sheen of the ghat. Similarly, discharge of waste water from the nearby drains is making the embankments dirty, as heaps of garbage are dumped along the place.The ghat has witnessed some cleanliness work in the past with the help of local support, but the spate of rising and retreating Ganga has done harm to the embankments.Significance of Jalasen GhatEarlier known as Jalasayi Ghat, the name of the ghat indicates 'putting dead body into water'. It is a part of ritual before putting the corpse on the funeral pyre. In the mid 19th century, the nearby building and the ghat were built. The ghat is considered as an extension of the famous Manikarnika Ghat, one of the prominent cremation ghats in the city. While holy dip in Ganga is believed to provide the departed soul the salvation (moksha), the ritual is one of the essential parts of last rite ceremony, as the dead body is brought from the Manikarnika Ghat to this ghat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13400850", "title": "Sahil Peerzada: From scrap dealer to realty major", "text": "SRINAGAR: Sahil Peerzada, who had a punch-up with Australian cricketer Luke Pomersbach and ended up with a stitched ear, is from an influential Kashmiri family with business interests that spread from Srinagar to Mumbai and Dubai.Sahil's older brother, Feroze Peerzada, built the family fortune, with sources close to them saying he started off as a scrap dealer in Mumbai but soon moved to real estate. His wealth, says the source, is pegged at over Rs 3,000 crore. For the sons of Peerzada Ghulam Mohammad, who was a ticket agent at a bus stand in Sopore and a small time Congress worker, this is a rags-to-riches story.The Peerzadas are from Khwaja Bagh in Batpora in north Kashmir's Sopore and today boast of political connections that range from chief ministers to Union ministers, both current and former. Sahil himself is a failed actor-cum-model despite brother Feroze's links in Bollywood, but when asked about his film career, Sahil said he has never been an actor or a model.Feroze, 54, names almost every politician of consequence as his friend, one of them a former Maharashtra chief minister now in the Union cabinet. This is not counting Kashmir politicians like Ghulam Nabi Azad , Farooq Abdullah, Mufti Mohammad Sayeed and daughter Mehbooba Mufti.Asked if she knew the Peerzadas, Mehbooba told ToI, \"The family members must have met me at some official or private party in Mumbai or elsewhere.\" Interestingly, Feroze told TOI that he had a breakfast meeting with Vilasrao Deshmukh in New Delhi on Sunday to help settle issues concerning Sahil. He also said he recently met Farooq Abdullah after he was discharged from AIIMS after treatment for a lung infection, and claimed to have attended the wedding of Riteish Deshmukh, a Bollywood actor and son of Vilasrao early this year.Feroze said Deshmukh visited his ancestral home in Sopore in 2006 when Azad was CM to seek the blessings of a pir. Although Sahil told TOI he wasn't ever married, his brother Feroze told TOI that he was married to a Kashmiri girl from Natipora. \"Sahil has a six-year-old daughter from that marriage which ended in divorce,\" Feroze said.Things changed for Feroze when he was introduced by prominent Kashmir Mahila Congress leader, Mehmooda Shah, to film and political personalities. He left for Mumbai in 1988 and got roles in films like Sunny Deol-starrer 'Sarzameen', apart from c-grade flicks like 'Police Lock-up' and 'Nishan Nahi Mitega'.The Peerzada family has even financed film producers through a firm based in Dubai.Recalling his encounter with Aussie cricketer Pomersbach in Delhi on Thursday night, Sahil, who looks after his brother's construction business, told TOI, \"Luke tried to misbehave with my US friend Zohal Hamid when four of my friends were having fun in the hotel room. Luke punched me on my ear when I objected to his behaviour.\"His other siblings are Adil and Sajid, both in Mumbai. One brother, Latif, is a cop based in Srinagar. The Mumbai-based brothers have constructed three houses in Srinagar's tony areas like Hyderpora and Nowgam.Sahil's name has been linked to small-time actress, Zeba, who lives in Versova and models and actresses, including Gauhar Khan and Shamita Shetty , sister of actress Shilpa Shetty. He was also allegedly married briefly to Shama Dadlani who converted to Islam to wed him.Feroze told TOI he owns a mall and a chain of branded stores in Mumbai and Bangalore. Sahil lives at Oakland Park in Oshiwara. Peerzadas have three apartments in Mumbai, one near Amitabh Bachchan's residence, and one each in Malad and Lokhandwala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403334", "title": "Morning blaze razes Sarkar Bazaar", "text": "KOLKATA: Fire gutted a portion of the century-old Sarkar Bazaar in Beliaghata in the wee hours of Tuesday, sparking off allegations of sabotage against a developer. Though shop owners openly accused the developer of masterminding the fire to evict them from the market, no formal complaint was lodged till the evening.The fire that started around 2.45am gutted more than a dozen shops in the highly congested area in the northeastern part of the city. Five fire extinguishers initially reached the spot, but 15 fire tenders finally managed to control the blaze.\"We suspect that the fire was the handiwork of Samar Nag, who owns the property and wants to develop it. He wants to get us evicted,\" a shop owner said. The charges were, however, refuted through a release issued by Nag's company Shelter Projects Ltd. In the release, the company said, \"We have plans to take along the legal occupants and develop the property. Why would be want to spoil our relationship with them? These allegations are being made by people who are against any sort of development.\"Allegations and rebuttals notwithstanding, it was a grim sight that greeted people at the market on Tuesday morning. A mustard oil mill, an ice-cream factory, the vegetable market, a fair price shop, a grocery store and one selling clay items were among the many shops destroyed by the fire. Blackened rice mixed with dirt and soot, broken asbestos sheets and other debris lay scattered. Some grocery stores had a narrow escape after the effort of locals and fire fighters bore fruit.Sampati Devi, an 80-year-old widow, lost nearly all her belongings in the blaze. She watched helplessly as the fire devoured her house. \"Around 2.30am, we heard noises that sounded like bomb explosions. They seemed to be coming from the rear of the house.Soon there were shouts of fire and we rushed out. We lost all our belongings. We have been loitering around the market since the morning. We have nowhere to go,\" the old woman, who sold blocks of ice outside her doorstep to make a living, said.Tarun Dutta, a fishmonger, wasn't aware of the fire till he reached the market around 5am. \"When I got close, I noticed the commotion. Somebody told me of the fire and I went in to find all my fish burnt and the stall charred,\" he said. According to Gautam Kundu, owner of the ice-cream factory, this was the first time that such an incident has occurred there.\"We haven't received a formal complaint yet though some people submitted a kind of memorandum. We shall ask people to lodge a formal complaint if they suspect somebody,\" a senior police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bhakrabad (west midnapore)", "code": "13403228", "title": "Police and locals pitch in to marry off orphaned girl", "text": "BHAKRABAD (WEST MIDNAPORE): All her dreams were shattered to dust when 19-year-old Mita Poddar lost her parents in an accident on Friday, just four days before her marriage. But as fate would have it, kind-hearted neighbours and police came forward to the orphaned girl's help and married her off on Tuesday. had never imagined that her life would take such a turn that before her marriage. She lost both her parents four days before she could start new innings of her life. But as fate could have in store for her, police and locals shouldered entire responsibility of her marriage.Mita's elder sister Rita Dutta had fixed her marriage was fixed with Dinabandhu Singh of Lakshmipal village under Jamboni police station about a month agoby her sister Rita Dutta. The groom's family had asked for Rs 21,000 as dowry. While her father Her father Mita belongs to a poor family and her fatherSukumar Poddar, who worked at a grocery shop, managed to arrange for Rs 6000, the remaining Rs 15, 000 was to be given by her brother-in-law Montu Dutta. 45 years, earned their daily bread by working in a grocery store.Everything settled, the wedding preparations were being done in full rhythm. But the happiness was shortlived. On that ill-fated day, lastFriday, while Sukumar and Deepali were making arrangements to dry sesame seeds beside on the road divider onNH-60, the couple was hit by a speeding Maruti car. It was during this time a Maruti car coming from Belda going towards Kharagpur hit this couple.Sukumar died on the spot, while Deepali succumbed to the injuries on her way breathed her last while she was being taken to the hospital.Following the accident, locals blocked NH-60 for four hours and agitated. They demanded for the better up keep of the potholed highway. They also demanded that the orphaned girl and her brother be helped. NH 60 as the highway is full of potholes and they also raised their voice to help Mita.It is then that local Trinamool Yuva Congress leader Tapan Utthasini sought police help talked to police for helping Mita. Belda OC Palash Mitra and SDPO Kharagpur Dipak Sarkar at once vowed to marry off the girl.The last rites being performed on (shraddh) of Sukumar and Deepali were done onMonday, Mita was married in a Jagannath temple opposite to their house on Tuesday. Though happy that people had ome ahead to her help, the bride expressed concern for her brother. \"I am feeling bad that I lost my parents and got orphaned just four days before my marriage. Now I am worried about my brother's future who is in class VII. Now that I am married who will look after him.\"SP West Midnapore Sunil Chowdhury, Additional SP (Kharagpur) Miraz Khaled and the Kharagpur SDPO funded the wedding ring and gifted the couple a colour TV. Police also funded the wedding ring and the locals arranged for the utensils and the groom's dress. Dinner arrangements were also made by the locals and police within the temple premises. along with locals have also arranged for the dinner.\"The locals first informed us of the girl's plight. We have tried our bit to pool in funds and help her. We are happy that she could be married off on the day it had been fixed,\" said Chowdhury.Rita said, \"She was supposed to get married from my house. But after this incident, all arrangements were made over here.\" Montu Dutta, Mita's brother-in-law said: \"The groom asked for Rs 21,000 dowr. I am giving Rs 15,000 and my father-in-law (Sukumar) made arrangement for Rs 6,000 before he died in accident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13402063", "title": "Central Railway: Cushioned seats on 2nd class by month-end", "text": "MUMBAI: You can expect cushioned seats in second class locals as Central Railway will launch a train on an experimental basis on the Main line by the month-end.Chief public relations officer V A Malegaonkar said, \"Work on providing cushions is nearing completion at the Matunga workshop. The train will be inducted for suburban services by the month-end.\"Last October, when minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa had visited the city, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had requested him to have cushioned seats in them.Officials will monitor the durability of the seats and try to get feedback over two months, after which it will be decided whether to extend it to other rakes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403493", "title": "Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation loses revenue this travel season", "text": "NASHIK: Lack of auspicious times or muhurats for occasions like for weddings, house-warming and thread ceremonies and threading ceremonies has cut down the earnings of the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation's (MSRTC) Nashik division, which has already recorded a loss of 3.83% percent of revenue as compared to last year.\"This vacation season, although the people are opting to visit other places and going for longer going for outstations and tours, the major revenue earner which is contract carriage, has been badly hit, a lot and as a result of which the Nashik division revenue has declined by 3.83% percent despite the year witnessing seeing a hike in tariff. The revenue earned during the first 20 days of May this year was Rs 1,427 lakh against Rs 1,484 lakh last year, there has been a total corresponding loss with the loss of of Rs 53 lakh compared to last year,\" Kailas Deshmukh, MSRTC's Nashik divisional controller said.The MSRTC has maintained the target for the number of kilometres that its buses cross within the first twenty days, but the load factor has reduced, and this is the factor which directly impacts revenues earned by the state-owned bus service.\"Last year our buses had cut crossed 59.14 lakh km, while this year they have travelled 59.09 km - a negative shift of 0.08 percent- for the period from May 1 to May 20. But the more serious issue is that the passenger load factor has come down by 7.41% percent,\" Deshmukh said.The passenger load factor is at 63.55% this year.The load factor recorded last year was 74.31% percent . This year it was has been 63.55 percent.The Igatpuri depot has fared done the worst in terms of distance covered, havingterms of kilometres as it has plied 6.81% less than last year. during the season. Generally,Typically, there are demands for travelling to in the remote areas, but this year MSRTC had to cut down several trips due to the lack of demand, which further affected earnings as they dropped by 14.32%. the demand has dropped as a result the MSRTC had to cut down several trips.This affected the revenue of the depot and hence the earnings dropped by 14.32 percent.Nandgaon too fared poorly with an 11.3% drop in passenger load. factor. Similarly, Nandgaon did bad in terms of load factor where the factor dropped from 71.88 percent to 60.55 percent resulting in 11.33 percent drop in the load factor.The overall load factor of the division has also fallen from 71.64 percent last year to 64.23 percent this year - the drop of 7.41 percent.\"This drop was largely because of people not using the services. Since there were no celebrations this year - for no muhurats for marriages, house-warming and threading ceremonies there was a smaller movement of passengers travelling longer distances. lesser movement of the passengers. Generally when it comes to celebrations and auspicious occasions the people tend to prefer travelling by MSRTC buses. since they are lesser in numbers.This year however, it appears that since there are no mahurats, the people are might have opted for seem to have gone out tours using through private vehicles or bus services predominantly ,largely\" Deshmukh said.Total loss of 56.83lakh this year compared to last year, despite a hike in tariffLast year, buses travelled 59.14 lakh km compared to this year's distance of 59.09 lakh km in the the first twenty days of May, a downward shift of .08%Drop in number of people travelling this year compared to last year by 7.41%Drop in distance covered to popular destinations like Igatpuri by 6.81 lakh km", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13403187", "title": "Judge\u2019s wife dies of accident injuries", "text": "BANGALORE: Rajeshwari (50), wife of Justice K Govindarajulu, additional judge of Karnataka high court who died in a car accident near Kadapa in Andhra Pradesh on Saturday, succumbed to injuries on Tuesday.She died in a private hospital in Bangalore where she was shifted after the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401307", "title": "Goa's more than just 'for fun': Council", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Golden Jubilee Development Council wants the government to review its tourism policy promoting and showcasing the state as 'Come to Goa for fun'.\"There is a need to review the Goa tourism policy and evaluate its direct and significant impact on Goan culture and heritage,\" states the draft report prepared and approved by the council recently.It points out that Goa is \"not only the land of sun and sand, but a rich yet diverse mosaic of culture blended with religious and communal harmony\".\"The tourism policy promoting and showcasing Goa as 'Come to Goa for fun' needs to be reviewed,\" stresses the report.Highlighting the scene along coastal Goa, the council has recommended a cap on the issuance of licenses for construction of any new tourist resort or expansion of existing facilities.This is especially for North Goa, especially the Baga-Nerul watershed, \"until a complete review is carried out with regard to the region's carrying capacity, the report states.\"Diversify away from the sun, sea and sand type of tourism to reduce oversupply of tourism infrastructure in the coastal belt,\" states the report.It stresses that eco-tourism should however be carried out \"very responsibly\" to avoid \"further impacts\" on the sensitive ecosystems of the Western Ghats. \"Linked with notions of the carrying capacity of a location, small-scale tourism should be encouraged... adopting benefit of sharing with local communities; small getaways, spice farms, homestead tourism, etc,\" states the draft report.It further wants that tourism infrastructure, particularly accommodation, should be encouraged to be eco-friendly, with careful use of locally available materials and incentives for the same should be given in the form of subsidies. \"Concretization around springs, lakes and other perennial water bodies should be discouraged,\" states the report.The council has asked that the provision of rainwater harvesting should be made compulsory for all new large and medium tourist infrastructures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400815", "title": "Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra files complaint with electricity inspector on leopard deaths", "text": "NAGPUR: The Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) has filed a formal complaint with electricity inspector under the Electricity Act in the accidental electrocution of three leopards near Surewani, adjoining Mansinghdeo sanctuary, 60km from here, on Sunday.The MSEDCL's denial that the deaths occurred as a result of electrocution has complicated the matter. This is despite the fact that privately the power company officials admit the leopards died due to electrocution when live wire from live 11 KV line touched the pole.On Tuesday, FDCM officials including divisional manager S P Wadaskar and assistant manager P R Dawda are learnt to have registered a complaint with electricity inspector Meenakshi Wathode.On Tuesday, MSEDCL executive engineer with division number 2 visited the accident site for investigations. One of the FDCM guards heard him saying the animals died due to electrocution. But MSEDCL is not admitting it officially.According to sources, FDCM officials are firm it was not a poaching case. \"We have pictures and videos of live wire dangling on the electric pole, indicating the current had passed into it. We will show the evidence at appropriate time,\" they said.\"How can different animals be burnt elsewhere and dumped near the same pole touching the live wire,\" asked FDCM officials. The FDCM will record statements of MSEDCL section engineer, Badegaon, assistant engineer, Saoner, and executive engineer against whom primary offence report (POR) has been registered.On Monday, regional executive director of MSEDCL A D Khaparde expressed the possibility that the wild animals might have been killed and set on fire by poachers. However, FDCM officials say poachers never acted in such manner. \"If they had killed the animals and had enough time to set carcasses on fire, they would have taken at least body parts,\" they said.Kishor Rithe, president of Satpuda Foundation, stated that as per the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) guidelines, every 'tiger death' is considered 'poaching' unless proved otherwise through detailed field investigation and evidence.\"The leopard deaths should be treated as tiger deaths. FDCM will have to explain separately why this incident was not reported by its own staff putting question mark over patrolling in the area, specially when a 'red alert' has been sounded by the government,\" Rithe stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai/nagpur", "code": "13400843", "title": "It's 'shoot at sight' for poachers now", "text": "MUMBAI/NAGPUR: Maharashtra forest minister Patangrao Kadam has asked forest guards to 'shoot at sight' if they see any poacher hunting or laying traps in tiger reserves.However, this is not new as these orders are in place since 2002 when the department first decided to arm its staffers basically for self-protection. It is the field staff that is reluctant to use weapons as there was still ambiguity in protocol. \"Granting immunity vide a GR doesn't stand in the court of law. Even if we fire to perform our duty, we'll have to stand trial. Court interpretations keep on changing where the GR will not prevail,\" said range forest officers (RFOs) who asked not to be quoted.Selected forest guards and foresters have been given pistols but they too don't use them. \"There have been cases of forest guards being booked for violating human rights. However, to save tiger, the department has informed the guards that preventive shooting will not be treated as criminal offence. The action of guards will not be considered a crime. The legal provision has been made to protect these guards,\" Kadam said on Tuesday.The fresh orders came following a spurt in poaching of tigers around the protected areas (PAs), specially after intelligence input that Baheliya poachers from Katni in Madhya Pradesh have been given a contract to procure 25 tigers from Maharashtra which basically means Vidarbha.Another factor is lack of training in use of weapons. Of the total 11,000 employees of department, till date no more than 1,000 field staffers have been trained in using weapons. They too do not get to regularly practice. Officials said not all employees need to be given arms' training. \"We have prioritized it. Weapons and training will be given to staff posted in highly sensitive and vulnerable bordering areas and now in tiger sensitive areas,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13403144", "title": "Man hacked to death", "text": "MOHALI: In a broad daylight incident, Saudagar Singh, 30 was killed when one of his opponents attacked him with a sharp-edged weapon belonging to his own group outside the district court complex in phase 3-B2 here on Tuesday. The incident took place around 12.45pm in the presence of police personnel appointed for the security of the court complex.Deceased Saudagar of Chappar Chiri village was an accused in an attempt to murder case. On Tuesday, he along with his associates attacked members of his rival group but when they tried to escape in an SUV, a sharp-edged weapon fell to the ground. That's when and one of his opponents picked it up and slashed his throat. The injured Saudagar was rushed to a nearby hospital but doctors declared him brought dead.The district police has booked Gurminder Singh, Jatinder Singh, Randhir Singh, Satnam Singh and others under charges of murder. The district court employees said Saudagar and his associates including Maninder, Manjit Singh and others came to the court for a hearing but Saudagar did not appear in court and claimed through his counsel that he was medically unfit though he was sitting in his vehicle outside the court complex.Saudagar's associate, Manjit is an engineering student of an institute in Mohali.Sources said people belonging to the opposite group had raised objection during the court hearing, saying that though Saudagar was hale and hearty and was sitting in a vehicle outside the court complex he had claimed that he was unwell. Following this the judge issued a warrant against Saudagar.The matter had come up for hearing in the court of additional district and sessions judge Rajinder Aggarwal.Inspector Dharampal Singh, SHO of Mattor police station said, \"Apparently Saudagar and his associates were carrying sharp-edged weapons and when the other group came outside the court complex, they attacked them with swords, other sharp-edged weapons and iron rods.\"An eyewitness told TOI, \"As Saudagar and his associates tried to escape, one of the accused picked up their weapon and attacked Saudagar, killing him on the spot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13400121", "title": "Gen VK Singh to start a new 'journey' after retirement", "text": "NEW DELHI: Gen V K Singh, who steps down as the Army chief at end of this month, has made it plain in an exclusive interview with TOI that he was unlikely to fade away after his retirement; rather, he would start a new \"journey\"- to where he didn't specify, although observers don't rule out his entry into the world of politics.Some also talk about Gen Singh turning into a civil society activist. Anna Hazare's team has already welcomed him to their fold. When asked, Gen Singh was evasive, \"I haven't really had the time to think.\" But he followed this up saying, \"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step and I shall take that step on 31st May (the date of his retirement).\"The Army chief's tenure was certainly eventful during which he got tough on corruption, dragged the government to Supreme Court on his date of birth, and brought the spotlight on bribery in defence deals by claiming he was offered money to clear the Tatra truck deal.Did he have any regrets, especially his battle with the government on the date of birth? \"Like every citizen with fundamental rights, I fought for justice and though I feel the anguish, I have no regrets,\" Gen Singh said. He said the age issue was \"a manufactured controversy with a definite agenda, purpose and objective\" and that \"decisions were imposed with arbitrariness and the system was manipulated.\"On the controversy about \"unauthorized\" troop movement to the capital in January, just when he had moved the Supreme Court, Gen Singh said, the report was \"below the belt.\" He said, \"If or one would certainly not like to believe there were any hidden motives behind the story - for that would be a real tragedy.\"Gen Singh was critical about \"the slow bureaucratic system\". He said, \"Sometimes the system becomes extremely insensitive, be it on issues relating to disability or the demand for one-rank one-pay. These decisions have to betaken by bureaucrats and I cannot understand why these matters are endlessly allowed to linger. It causes a lot of misery for people, many of them in their twilight years.\"  Read full text of the interview", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401456", "title": "Agriculture sector profits fail to lower food prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: A part revival of the agricultural sector and the gamble to invest in the so-far ignored eastern states paying off has not brought the kind of gains UPA would have hoped for while entering the fourth year of its second term.Divergence within the government on how to deal with food and agriculture-related issues saw the UPA frittering away the gains of three consecutive good agricultural years which now portend a record harvest of 75 million tonnes.The UPA dithered for more than a year on the National Food Security Bill with one section aiming to get the government out of procurement and distribution and another pushing for greater spread of the entitlements.By the end of three years, UPA's biggest social security reform in the shape of a half-hearted bill remained lost with the related census identifying the poor and the decision to cap the numbers or not still unresolved.While the government's efforts to mop up more and more produce from farmers found success, it mismanaged storage to land in a crisis of its own making and a weak supply chain for other food items ensured that the middle class continued to feel the pinch of rising prices.The official report card of the UPA talked of the increase in agricultural credit, the success of horticulture mission and other schemes but failed to mention that the total investment in agriculture remained far below what its own experts have suggested would be necessary to get the primary sector back on its feet even as the manufacturing and services sectors deal with the crisis surrounding the integrated global markets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400680", "title": "Differences lead Nagpur University panel to defer fee hike decision", "text": "NAGPUR: Differences among panel members of the Nagpur University at Tuesday's meeting have resulted in the decision on exam fee reduction being deferred. The issue, highlighted by TOI in a series of reports, had seen various student organizations protesting a couple of days back while Shiv Sainiks went to the extent of burning an effigy of vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and NSUI activists protesting with begging bowls.TOI had highlighted how exorbitant fee hike every year was piling up the miseries on students. About five years back, NU's management council (MC) had taken a decision to increase fee by as much as 20% for professional courses and 10% for general courses. However, over the years, hike more than doubled, putting poor students in a quandary.An arts student pays a minimum of Rs 1,000 while engineering student is charged Rs 2,300 per semester for appearing in exams. And, if a student fails even in one subject, he has to shell out full fees for appearing in the exams. In the process, NU collected Rs 56.24 crore from the students while expenditure was Rs 34.26 crore on conducting exams, which means it saved a whopping Rs 22 crore.After these reports many students organizations had demanded immediate roll back and had even staged demonstrations in front of NU. The issue had also rocked the Senate meeting where members in unison demanded immediate revocation of MC's decision on the fee hike. Earlier, the VC had constituted a subcommittee under MC member Abhijeet Wanjari to look into the issue. Head of business management department Vinayak Deshpande and another MC member Mahendra Nimbarte were the others on the panel.Though Wanjari and Deshpande recommended cancellation of fee hike from 2013 winter exams, Nimbarte staunchly opposed the move while demanding immediate roll back in the hike which was recently increased for the forthcoming winter examinations. \"We can only made recommendations and final decision is up to the VC,\" Wanjari told TOI, adding that they will submit their report to Sapkal by Wednesday.\"Legally, only VC can take decision in matters like this using his special powers,\" Wanjari said while admitting that Nimbarte's views were slightly contradictory to theirs. \"The earlier decision of fee hike had taken a long route till it was approved by the MC. This year, we can't do anything as Senate had already crossed the budget, and now, amendment can't be made. We can only take step in this regard for next year's winter exams.\"Nimbarte, on other hand, was firm on his demands asking for cancelling NU's notification of May 12 that had hiked fees for the winter exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401577", "title": "5-yr-old boy rescued after undercover op", "text": "NEW DELHI: A five-year-old boy kidnapped on Sunday evening from Kathputli Colony in central Delhi was rescued near west Delhi's Filmistan cinema on Monday afternoon.Police said the boy, Juber, is the son of a magician, Hanish Khan, and the kidnapping was planned by his uncle's assistant Mohammad Kasim.The central district police, who rescued the boy in a joint operation with Ranjit Nagar police, claimed Kasim planned the kidnapping after coming to know about Khan's plan to buy land in Faridabad. Kasim and his cohorts, Badri Alam and Raja Hasan Kadri, have been arrested.Additional commissioner of police (central) Devesh Srivastav said the kidnapping was reported at the Ranjit Nagar police station around 8.30pm on Sunday although the boy had been missing since 5pm.\"I received the first ransom call at 7.50pm but did not take it seriously. But when I could not find Juber in the colony, I informed the police. The second call came around 9pm, and the caller asked me to bring Rs 5 lakh as ransom money near Filmistan around midnight,\" said Khan.Police laid a trap for the kidnappers at the rendezvous and Khan stayed there till 5am on Monday but the planned meeting did not take place. But on returning to the police station he got another call to return to the spot around 10 am. This time, police were able to arrest Kasim's cohorts, whom they traced through technical surveillance.Juber told TOI that Kasim had beguiled him with an offer of ice cream and a visit to the neighbourhood park. Later, he was kept at Kadri's house while Alam was offered Rs 1 lakh to deal with Khan. \"Kasim knew he would be identified, so he decided to remain in the background,'' said Srivastav, adding the accused had intended to kill the boy to protect their identity.Police said Kasim was a sidekick of Juber's uncle Aneesh, who is also a magician. \"The ransom calls were made from different phone booths near Filmistan Cinema and Model Basti. Khan was taken into confidence and asked to carry money in a bag in an auto-rickshaw driven by a plainclothesman. He was shadowed by a police team in plainclothes. Kasim and the others were arrested around 2pm,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13408138", "title": "K Raghavendra Rao turns 70", "text": "Director K Raghavendra Rao is credited to being the pioneer of commercial cinema in Tollywood. The ace director has earned the nickname \"Darsakendrudu\" (best among the directors) for his pioneering contributions to Telugu cinema ever since his debut in 1975. The veteran director has turned seventy today. Born into an agricultural family in 1942, he made his debut with Babu, back in the mid seventies. Since, he has grown to become one of the most prolific filmmakers ever directing over 100 Telugu films. Only Dasari Narayana Rao has directed more films than he has. The director has been focusing more on mythological films off late. He is currently working on Shirdi Sai Baba starring Nagarjuna in the lead. The film is expected to release in a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13402974", "title": "Two Maoists arrested in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: An area commander of Tritiya Prastuti Committee (TPC) and another rebel of the CPI (Maoist) were arrested at different places of Nagar Untari and Bhawnathpur. Police have also recovered arms and ammunition from the TPC rebel, Garhwa SP Michael Raj S told media persons on Tuesday.The arrested Naxalites included TPC area commander Sanjit Singh alias Sujit Singh alias Jamuna Singh and Maoist rebel Santosh Vishwakarma. While Sanjit is a resident of Bulka village in Dhurki, Santosh Vishwakarma is a resident of Tali village in Bhawnathpur police station, said the SP.Police have recovered a 315 bore pistol and four cartridges from the TPC area commander. On the basis of his statement, police have also recovered a country-made rifle, a police uniform, pittu and two cell phones from his house located at Bulka village. \"Sanjit has been a terror in Dhurki, Meral, Dandai, Chinia and Garhwa. He had 15 to 20 rebels under him who used to collect money from the contractors of road construction and Tendu leaf contractors. Sanjit was arrested from Bishunpura village of Nagar Untari police station. He was for long been wanted by the police in several cases,\" the SP said. He was also accused of demanding ransom from big business men. Three cases were pending against him in Nagar Untari and Dhurki police stations.The SP said Vishwakarma was the right hand of Maoist zonal commander Munna Vishwakarma. He was wanted in three cases in Bhawnathpur that included killing of a watchman. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13402839", "title": "Neutralizing party villages an uphill task", "text": "KOZHIKODE: It would be out of question for an outsider to take to violence over issues on bus shelter or a flag post. But in the party villages in Thalassery, Panur, and Koothuparamba, such incidents are enough to ignite clashes and even murders. Home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan's claim that police will neutralize party villages in Kannur is easier said than done. Mainly because such a move will only excite the emotions of parties involved. Just 2km separate Pathayakunnu from Pattiam in Kannur but there is yawning gap between the ideologies adopted by the two villages. Pathayakunnu is an RSS stronghold while Pattiam is dominated by the CPM.Turf wars among the two groups are commonplace. Panniayannur, Nedumbram, Chokli, Mokeri, Kunduchira, Eengelpeedika, Kuttimakkol, Parapram, Pinarayi and Chambad are the areas where the CPM has total control while the RSS has a sway over Kootteri, Cheruvancheri, Central Poyiloor, Thokkilangadi, Makkoolpedika, Mele Pookkom , Konkachi and Diamond Mukku.The two parties paint their 'assets' such as bus shelters in red and saffron and intrusion is violently opposed. \"In many cases, trouble begins with an issue over a demolition of a bus shelter or a symbol on the roadside. In 2004, we removed all the symbols from the roadside from New Mahe to Payyannur,\" said a senior police officer who had served in Kannur.According to him, the martyrs columns and bus shelters named after those killed rekindles the memories of the dead and reinforces the need for revenge. \"We have demolished such bus shelters and built new ones in the name of the district transport authority,\" he said.Weapons and explosives are made in these strongholds and the assailants return to these 'safe havens' after the killings. The hostile terrain makes it difficult for the police to reach these villages and nab the culprits. Police sources say conducting an operation in the party villages without knowing the exact location of the accused implies groping in the dark.As many of the villages are interlinked, it becomes easy for the political parties to shift the accused from one place to another when they see police coming. Intelligence gathering from the people here is tough as they are either loyal to the party or are afraid of them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13401892", "title": "Man\u2019s health worsens in police custody, brother alleges foul play", "text": "VARANASI: Sharp deterioration in the health condition of one Pannalal Chauhan (38) of Fakirpur village near Cholapur in police custody on Monday night left the men-in-khaki sweating.According to reports, following a group clash between Pannalal and Ramdhani Gupta in Fakirpur village in a minor dispute, the cops had detained Pannalal on Sunday.Pannalal's brother Sukkhu alleged that instead of producing him before the court on Monday morning, the cops kept him under their custody. On Monday night, his health condition started deteriorating sharply after which the police rushed him to the local primary health centre.But on noticing sharp deterioration in his health, the PHC doctors referred him to Deen Dayal Upadhyaya District hospital from where he was referred to SSL Hospital of BHU. However, instead of taking Pannalal to the SSL Hospital, the cops admitted him to a private hospital on Maqbool Alam Road. When SSP B D Polson was contacted, he denied that Pannalal was detained on Sunday. He said that for assaulting a pregnant woman, Pannalal was caught on Monday and when he complained of chest pain, the cops rushed him to the district hospital. As a precaution, he said, Pannalal was admitted to a private hospital.Fake currency: On the complaint registered by the manager of Hansrajpur branch of a nationalised bank under Jungipur police station limits in Ghazipur district, the police caught a rice mill owner, Anil Gupta of Bahediapur village, on Tuesday.According to reports, Gupta had deposited Rs 50,000 in his account at the same bank on Monday. But when the cashier checked the currencies, he found that 11 notes in the denomination of Rs 1,000 were counterfeit. After he reported the matter to the branch manager, a complaint was registered with Jungipur police.When the cops caught Anil and interrogated him, it came to light that two days back, Anil had received a payment of Rs 1.28 lakh from another rice mill owner Nanhe Mishra of Karanda area and the counterfeit currencies were given in the same bunch of notes. Taking serious note of it, the cops registered another case against Nanhe but before the cops could raid his house, he managed to escape. Police said that after the arrest of Nanhe, it would become clear as how counterfeit currencies had reached in his possession.One killed in mishap: Pujari Ram (35), a native of Jaunpur district was killed when a passenger jeep and a Sumo collided near Nayepur village under Phoolpur police station limits on Tuesday. Pujari died on the spot while other passengers sustained serious injuries. They were rushed to a local hospital.Two die: Two persons died in road mishaps at different places in Azamgarh district on Tuesday. According to reports, a 70-year-old person, Haji Isha, lost his life when a jeep overturned in Sanjarpur area under Saraimir police station limits. In another incident, Brahmanand Chauhan (20) was run over by a bus in Bardah area. He died on the spot. The bodies were sent for postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13408425", "title": "Sports documentary on Bindra, Saina to be aired next month", "text": "MUMBAI: A new documentary series on seven Indian sportspersons, including Olympic gold medal winning shooter Abhinav Bindra , is all set to give a glimpse of what transpires during a tournament preparation of these athletes.The documentary \"Travelling with the Pros\", to be broadcast on Sports channel ESPN from June 2 as a seven-part series, will showcase the behind-the-scene action of top golfer Jeev Milkha Singh , tennis Grand Slam doubles winner Mahesh Bhupathi , Formula One driver Narain Karthikeyan , ace marksman Bindra, cue ace Pankaj Advani , star shuttler Saina Nehwal and wrestling champion Sushil Kumar.\"It is a very unique concept and I conceptualised it in April 2010. I wanted to show the behind-the-scene life of a sportsman,\" former model Bikram Saluja told reporters on Tuesday night, adding that all the concerned sports' governing bodies supported the documentary.Bhupathi, who was the first athlete Saluja approached for the series, said, \"I am eagerly waiting for the series because they shot my part in August 2010. I thought it was intriguing. People normally associate with the glamour of sport and I wanted them to see what happens behind the scene.\"Concurring with Bhupathi, Advani said, \"Initially I was a bit apprehensive about it as snooker is not a physical sport and we tend to keep pretty much to ourselves.\"Advani also said that he found it difficult to adjust with the TV crew following him.\"You are doing in a particular way and with seven people following around, you have to make allowance for that and put it in your routine,\" he said.The IBSF world billiards and snooker champion, Advani also revealed that the documentary cost him a shot at a title in Syria, as one of the crew members came and spoke to him before the final round and he lost his focus.Saluja lauded the efforts of the sportsmen and said working on the documentary helped him understand their sport better.\"I was a tennis player and knew about the sport. But for wrestling I didn't know that the players starve themselves and don't even drink water to lose weight. So on one hand they are focusing to be at the peak of the fitness and on the other hand, they are not eating or drinking,\" Saluja said.Admitting that it was disappointing not to feature the Olympic bronze medal winning boxer Vijender Singh in the documentary, Saluja said \"the international boxing federation (AIBA) did not permit them to shoot in Azerbaijan\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13406578", "title": "'No date' set for wedding with Jolie, says Brad Pitt", "text": "Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie seem too busy to walk down the aisle as the actor has admitted that they have no plans for a summer wedding.While speaking at the Cannes film festival, Pitt insisted that he and wife-to-be Jolie are yet to set a date, despite many reports that it had been arranged for August.\"We actually, truly, have no date!\" the Mirror quoted Pitt as saying.\"It's something that makes sense to us,\" he said, while explaining the long awaited engagement, which they finally announced in April.The 48-year-old, who has been dubbed \"Bradzilla\" with regard to the wedding, has been reportedly nitpicking over details like helipads for guests to land on, a performance by Irish rockers U2 and Chinese fireworks.However, there isn't any organising for the couple to do as they have two full time wedding planners to make the magic happen.\"They're just putting off the inevitable.\" a source said.\"They could very easily leave it all in the capable hands of a professional planner but instead, they're letting it fall further into the distant future,\" the source added.The couple, both in favor of same sex marriage, has previously said that they don't plan to marry until gay marriage is universally recognized.\"We're still hoping that we can figure out marriage equality in the States before that date,\" Pitt said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13401944", "title": "Ahmedabad to get better roads, courtesy Gujarat International Finance Tec-City project", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Guess why our roads crumble so easily during monsoons? Every year, Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) spends crores of taxpayers' money for just asphalting old roads - which then not only grow taller than dividers, but also become prone to deep potholes. Given Ahmedabad's weak soil compaction properties, most roads in the city have a load bearing ratio that is at least ten times less than the required value of 30 Californian Load Bearing Ratio (CBR).To deal with this problem Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT) has employed vibratory road rollers for better compaction of soil. Besides, the new roads in GIFT are treated with three per cent soil-lime mixture as the final layer and then compacted using the vibratory roller. \"This lime layer is a stabilization mixture and is a better choice than the cement-soil mix as lime settles evenly and does not crack like the cement-treated layer,\" says GIFT director R K Jha. \"Vibratory soil rollers and the lime mix ensure that roads are smooth and do not easily develop depressions.\"Another advantage of vibratory rollers is that the asphalt material permeates to other material completely due to the vibratory effect. The static road roller is incapable of doing this. What's more, vibratory road rollers allow for a lower mixed-asphalt temperature.\"Before asphalting, each of the soil and gravel layers is sprinkled with water and then rolled with vibratory rollers,\" says Jha. \"This ensures even compaction. The asphalt layer is laid after the lime treatment. We will procure roughness meters that will help us make roads even. We are also ensuring that we provide slopes or cambers in each layer of the compacted road so that water drains off efficiently.\"To deal with water seeping from vegetation planted on road dividers to the foundation soil of roads, GIFT authorities are installing cross pipes that will drain water from the divider to small drains on the side of the roads.\"We have achieved a CBR of 30 for roads in GIFT using this method,\" Jha said. \"The same was used for Navi Mumbai roads. The survival rate is at least six years if roads are made with this technology. And with reduced resurfacing needs, the cost of each of these roads works out to be economical.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13407747", "title": "Actress Priyanka Nair is now married", "text": "Actress Priyanka Nair surprised industry folks here with news of her marriage to Lawrence Ram today in Trivandrum. She tied the knot in a traditional Hindu wedding that took place at the Attukal Temple, Trivandrum.A native of Chithambaram, Lawrence Ram has worked in many Tamil films as associate director. The wedding was a private affair attended by close relatives and friends. \"Nobody in the industry was aware of this wedding till it actually happened. The news came as a surprise to all of us,\" says a source who has worked with the actress before. Priyanka, who debuted in Vasanthabalan's Tamil movie Veyyil opposite Pasupathy, rose to fame after she won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Actress for her performance in T V Chandran's Vilapangalkkappuram. Priyanka's last release was Jayaprakash's Vaanam Paartha Seemaiyile, alongside Ashok Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13408275", "title": "Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha scores a century!", "text": "'Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha' on Colors TV completes 100 episodes today! And to celebrate the occasion, an elaborate havan will be performed on sets today.Furthermore, a party will also be held on Friday, 25th May 2012 to celebrate the show's achievement. With Kunal Karan Kapoor (Mohan) and Aakansha Singh (Megha), 'Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha' has reached a landmark and created a loyal fan following.Aakansha Singh shared her views on being part of the show, \"It's a wonderful feeling for any actor. We've completed 100 episodes in such a short time and its great to work with my fellow co-actors. I Hope we keep continuing\".Here's congratulating the entire cast and crew of 'Na Bole Tum Na Maine Kuch Kaha' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401761", "title": "Lookout notice issued against Dubai bookie", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch, which is currently investigating a betting racket, has issued a lookout notice (LOC) against NRI bookie Sunil Abhaychandani, alias Dubai, a key player in the international betting syndicate.\"Sunil is an old-time bookie and has a good network in Dubai. Bookies Sonu Jalan and Devendra Kothari, who were arrested last week, have said that they used to transfer money through hawala (illegal channels) to Sunil. As Sunil frequently visits his family in Mumbai, we have issued a LOC on him,\" said additional commissioner of police Deven Bharti.Cops said Sunil is a key bookie who handles the Kothari's Dubai operations on behalf of Subhedar from Pakistan. There are also reports that he knows fugitive gangster Dawood because they were both in Dubai before the gangster allegedly shifted base to Pakistan.Sources said that Sonu and Kothari have also disclosed the names of Bollywood personalities who allegedly used to bet on IPL matches. The accused have allegedly also revealed that some of the bookies have invested their ill-gotten money in the Hindi film industry. \"There is definitely some Bollywood angle to the betting racket we are investigating,\" said an officer. The police on Saturday searched Sonu's Kandivli residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13406695", "title": "Swingers feel they have better relationships", "text": "Swingers, couples who openly swap partners for a night of passionate sex with strangers, say they have a better relationship than monogamists.Several swingers told ABC News 'Nightline' that their relationships are more spicy, more honest and more secure because they swap partners.The late-night news program went to a highly provocative masquerade party at a hotel in New York City hosted by a group called Behind Closed Doors.One may think that swingers parties will be full of middle-aged folks who are bored stiff by years of marriage, but Behind Closed Doors selects its members based on attractiveness and age.The couples said they don't find anything wrong with monogamy, but they were looking for something more exciting and raw.\"People that are of a certain degree of attractiveness are probably looking to interact and swap partners with other people that are a certain degree of attractiveness so they are a good-looking person,\" said Nicole Cray, a self-described swing school instructor for Behind Closed Doors.\"If you're not a good-looking person, it's probably not the right party for you,\" he stated.It usually costs about 200 dollars for a ticket to one of Behind Closed Doors' parties and there's an etiquette involved.Only single women or couples are allowed inside, but no men who are flying solo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13403364", "title": "Pratibha\u2019s hard work inspires me: Sister", "text": "LUDHIANA: Pratibha Bhatia, a student of St Thomas Senior Secondary School, topped the city as the awaited results of Punjab PMET 2012 were declared on Tuesday. Pratibha, a resident of New Hargobind Nagar, bagged the 9th rank in the exam.''I want to be a gynaecologist and my aim is to get into the best college of India. I owe my success to god and my family. My optimistic approach to every aspect of life, regularity in studies and faith in the almighty ensured this success for me,'' said Pratibha. She said her aim is to pursue graduation at Maulana Azad Medical College, Delhi and she is waiting for the results of CBSE PMT entrance exam.Her mother Neelam Bhatia, a homemaker, said, her daughter is a hard working girl who sacrificed all her interests and hobbies to achieve this rank.She said, \"I am happy with her rank and she has made us proud today. I support her at every step as she is motivated on her own to excel in life.\" Pratibha's younger sister Pragiti, a Class X student, said, ''I am happy about my sister's success. Her hard work inspires me to do succeed in life and make our parents proud.''Her father is a government employee and posted in Meerut. ''He couldn't join us immediately, but was very happy about her rank. He has been calling time and again to re-confirm this news,'' said Neelam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402419", "title": "Parking lot accident: Aerial ladder platform could have resulted in quick rescue", "text": "PUNE: If only the aerial ladder platform (ALP) of the fire brigade had a trained operator, the man stuck in the multi-level parking lot on JM Road could have been rescued at least 20 minutes early.Vilas Londhe's leg got trapped in the upper tier of the mechanized parking lot on Tuesday afternoon. The fire men had to wait for an employee of the parking lot to take them to the spot through another lift. The ALP could have done the job much early.The Finnish ALP vehicle was bought by the PMC in February for a whopping sum of Rs 13 crore. It was expected to help deal with fires and mishaps at structures as tall as 70 metres high. But the vehicle has been lying unused for last three months due lack of trained operators.\"The vehicle from Finland is one of the most sophisticated ones available for fire-fighting in the state. Other than Pune, only Mumbai has such a vehicle. Both the cities had placed the order at the same time. The vehicle has been kept at the Bhavani Peth fire brigade station,\" said Pravin Ashtikar, deputy municipal commissioner, who handles the charge of the fire brigade department.The fire brigade relies on a ladder that can reach a height of 42 metres, but that too is under repairs. Another vehicle, with a capacity to reach 32 metres, has become outdated.Ashtikar said five drivers will be sent for ALP operation training to Bangalore next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401650", "title": "Woman sets self ablaze", "text": "MUMBAI: A 29-year-old woman immolated herself after an altercation with her husband at their Khar (E) residence early Tuesday.The deceased, Vanita Puradiya, allegedly emptied a can of kerosene on herself and lit a match. She suffered 90% burns and was rushed to Sion hospital, where she succumbed. The Nirmal Nagar police registered a case of accidental death. Vanita set herself ablaze when her mother-in-law, who heard the couple fighting, summoned her son downstairs to calm him down, said cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403307", "title": "Dilli Haat-like platform for Bengal craftsmen", "text": "KOLKATA: Craftsmen and weavers of Bengal villages will soon get a platform to showcase their work. Inspired by the Dilli Haat and the footfall it attracts, the state government has decided to set up four urban and as many rural haats in different parts of the state.While Durgapur, Siliguri, Santiniketan and Salt Lake have been selected for the urban haats, the rural haats will be set up in Bishnupur, Purulia, Jhargram and Alipurduar. These haats will provide direct marketing avenues to craftsmen.\"Each haat will accommodate around 150 to 200 craftsmen. They will be allowed to occupy space on a rotational basis for a period of one month,\" said an official of the state's micro and small scale enterprises department. Each urban haat will require around 1.5 acres while rural haats will take up around 0.5 acres.The urban and rural haats will, however, be sponsored under different schemes. The urban haat project is a centrally-sponsored scheme. The capital cost of each haat would range from Rs 5-6 crore with the Centre meeting 70% of it and the state government footing the remaining 30%. But the rural haats will come up entirely from allocations under the Backward Regions Grant Fund programme. Each rural haat will entail an investment of Rs 3 crore.While the urban haat in Durgapur has been completed and was inaugurated by chief minister Mamata Banerjee earlier this month, a tender was floated for the Santiniketan project recently, the official said. Land has been identified for the haat in Siliguri and the department is waiting for the Siliguri Jalpaiguri Development Authority to hand the plot over to it. Re-tendering for the Kolkata project will be done soon, the official said.The detailed project report for the Kolkata and Santiniketan projects were prepared by Webcon, a multifunctional consultancy organization in the government sector.The rural haats will benefit craftsmen as they won't have to travel to the city to showcase their products, he said, adding that these haats could attract tourists too.Among the four rural haats, the ones in Bishnupur, Purulia and Jhargram will come up on vested land. A proposal has been sent to the land and land reforms department to transfer the plots to the micro and small scale enterprises department. The official expressed hope that the department will get permissive possession over the plots in a fortnight, enabling it to float tenders for the projects.The state government is now trying to chalk out ways to make the haats self-sustaining. For a start, craftsmen won't have to pay any charge. But in future, a nominal charge will be levied on them. The options of an 'entry pass' is also on the cards, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401724", "title": "Govt lauds itself on economy", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Tuesday reeled out the government's achievements while releasing the report to the people on the third anniversary of his coalition. But he said despite real and solid achievements, there were uncertainties and a large unfinished agenda and the government would attend to these tasks firmly.Singh has faced the brunt of the criticism over policy paralysis. He said difficult decisions have to be taken both on spending and revenue mobilization and called for determined measures to boost the climate for investment.The government patted itself on the back saying it had partially insulated consumers from the adverse impact of rising global crude oil prices by keeping the prices of kerosene, cooking gas and diesel under government control and only partially passing on the price increase.The UPA government has faced stinging criticism for its handling of the economy. Growth in Asia's third-largest economy has slowed while investors have stayed on the sidelines due to policy uncertainty and stalled economic reforms. \"Difficult decisions have to be taken on both spending and revenue mobilization. Both the Centre and the states have to be fiscally responsible,\" he said in his speech.\"We also have to remove implementation bottlenecks that are preventing large projects from getting off the ground. We have to quicken the pace of implementation of our policies of inclusive growth, particularly in the areas of health and education. We need to improve coordination between the Centre and states on important issues that face our country,\" Singh said. He said he was confident about proving the sceptics wrong but admitted the economy faced some pressure points.\"Some people have questioned the sustainability of our growth process. I am confident we will prove the skeptics wrong. I recognize that we face pressures on our balance of payments and that the fiscal situation requires careful management,\" Singh said. \"Determined measures are needed to boost the climate for industrial investment, both domestic and foreign,\" the prime minister said.Singh said an urgent priority was to resolve issues relating to land acquisition, resettlement and the environment. \"We need to strengthen our food security system by building more storage capacity.We must address the scourge of malnutrition through multi-dimensional interventions. We need to scale up our skill development programme,\" Singh said but did not outline any specific steps that the government was planning to address these shortcomings.In its report to the people, the government said slowdown of economic growth to 6.9% in 2011-12 could be attributed to the global economic slowdown and tight monetary policy to tame inflation. It said price stability remained high on the government agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13402212", "title": "Ravegoers face 6 months jail for drinking liquor", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have decided to invoke provisions of the Bombay Prohibition Act in the case of the Juhu rave. All those patrons proven to have consumed alcohol at the Sunday night party at Oakwood Premier Hotel will now be booked for drinking without permits. Further turning on the heat, the Juhu police have recommended the cancellation of the police licences granted to the hotel.Ninety-one partygoers were detained by the police from Oakwood on Sunday and sent to hospitals for collection of urine and blood samples. \"The tests will confirm how many of the people attending the party were drunk. Our officers are scrutinizing the reports and those found positive will be slapped with the Bombay Prohibition Act,\" said deputy commissioner of police Pratap Dighavkar on Tuesday.Under the act, any person who consumes alcohol without a valid permit is punishable under section 66 (1)(b) and can face imprisonment of up to six months and/or a fine of Rs 10,000.\"When the detainees were escorted to hospitals, they were asked to produce identity proof and liquor permits. But most of them did not have any permits,\" said Dighavkar.The police are also contemplating action against Oakwood for playing music during the rave without authorization. \"The hotel did not have permission either from the Juhu police or from the assistant police commissioner of the Santa Cruz division to play music at the party. We will now prepare a report and submit it to the headquarters on cancellation of police licences issued to the hotel. If there are any licences under consideration presently, those too will not be renewed,\" Dighavkar said. On Sunday, amplifiers and other musical instruments were seized from Oakwood.The probe into the case is currently focused on finding the source of the drugs seized from the hotel and how the guest list was whittled down. Officials said on Tuesday that cocaine and charas were found on the rooftop venue's tables and floors and not from anyone.The police are probing reports that two or three women of Indian nationality could have acted as mediators in bringing guests to the party. While there were CCTV cameras at the hotel entrance, there were none on the rooftop where the party was held, police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "13400855", "title": "Panchayat bans lesbian couple from Punjab village", "text": "BATHINDA: A lesbian couple, one of whom is a cop and sought police protection, have been barred by the panchayat from living in their village in Punjab after being accused of \"disgracing\" their folk. The two have also been stripped of their share in their families' ancestral property.Fearing threat to their lives, the couple had even moved the Punjab and Haryana high court last month, which directed the police to ensure protection for them. However, faced with hostile reactions from one and all, the two are living in dread.The panchayat of village Balahar Vinju, 16 km from Bathinda, banned the couple from entering the village after Swaran Kaur, a cop with Punjab Police, refused to leave her partner, Harsharan Kaur.\"We refuse to accept this relationship. The villagers and family members of the girls have been disgraced,\" said sarpanch Gurmeet Singh.The parents of the women, who have been living together for the past one month, have also told them not to not return home or seek share in their ancestral property.\"My daughter is out of control. We don't have anything to do with her and have decided to disinherit her,\" said Jagpal Das, Swaran's father.The two fled from their village last month and began living together in police residential quarters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13402881", "title": "CBI raids Sita Soren 's house on horse trading charge", "text": "RANCHI: A team of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday searched official residence of Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) legislator Sita Soren in connection with alleged horse trading in the Rajya Sabha election here.The CBI had sealed the house of Sita on last Friday since she was not there when the officers reached there for the raid. Sita is the daughter-in-law of JMM chief Shibu Soren .Sources in the CBI said the search continued for over six hours in the presence of the legislator. \"We suspect that Sita was also among the legislators who indulged in the horse trading in the Rajya Sabha election. We have seized some documents which hint towards financial transactions that could be linked to horse trading,\" said a source adding that they would be in a position to give the exact details only after the scrutiny was over.On the sidelines of the search, some CBI officials quizzed the legislator on various issues including the reasons behind her taking a stand different from that of the party. Sita had allegedly voted in favour of an independent candidate in the election that was countermanded by the Election Commission on March 30.The election was countermanded by the commission after seizure of Rs 2.15 crore from the associate of independent candidate R K Agarwal just hours before the polling started.Sita, however, said she was in favour of the inquiry. \"I never indulged in any unfair practice and truth will come out at end of the investigation,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402597", "title": "Pranab\u2019s statement on Aircel-Maxis deal deferred", "text": "NEW DELHI: The much-awaited statement of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee in Rajya Sabha on the controversial Aircel-Maxis deal was deferred to the next session even as the opposition cried foul saying \"its worse fears have come true\".BJP member Venkaiah Naidu drew attention to the matter listed in the business for the last day of the session soon after question hour saying the House had been assured that the finance minister would make a statement and that it should be given priority.\"There is a clear ploy, a systematic plan to avoid the issue,\" Naidu said.To this, minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla said, \"The minister is attending to some other business in the Lok Sabha. He will make the statement before the House adjourns.\"This did not satisfy the opposition members who created uproar and sought the chair's intervention in support of its demand for a statement by the FM on the issue.P J Kurien, who was in the chair, said, \"Government has given an assurance. What else you want...I cannot fix the time...you cannot ask the minister to come at a particular time...he is also a human being.\"When the House met after lunch, it was adjourned abruptly when DMK members created a ruckus over a bill seeking repeal of Tamil Nadu Legislative Council.Later when the House reassembled at 4:30 pm, leader of opposition Arun Jaitley said, \"We had expressed an apprehension that something would happen and then this item would not be taken up, and our worse fears have come true.\"Jaitely said if Mukherjee could not make a statement in the House, the government should take up the matter in the monsoon session.Parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Kumar Bansal then said since the minister had some urgent business in Lok Sabha , he could not be available for making the statement in the upper House and sought permission of the House to defer it to the next session, which was accepted.The Aircel-Maxis row had led to an uproar in Rajya Sabha on May 13 with the opposition targeting with fresh allegations the son of home minister P Chidambaram on the issue. Chidambaram, however, denied any wrongdoing and said the company in question Advantage Consulting could be probed by finance ministry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403327", "title": "Telecom executive abducted", "text": "KOLKATA: Mantu Biswas (38), an employee of a private telecom firm, was abducted from Minakhan on Monday. The family received two ransom calls demanding Rs 2 lakh. Three persons, including the son of a retired police officer, were detained for interrogation.On Monday, Biswas went to office but did not return home. A missing person's 'diary was lodged at Minakhan PS. That night, the family received the two calls demanding Rs 2 lakh. Police were informed and a probe started. Late on Monday, police detained Santana Das, Safikul Gaji and Toton Dey. Dey is the son of a retired police officer.Biswas's brother Rajib said that Toton is an acquaintance of the family. He said that after his brother went missing, Toton came to their house to know what exactly happened. Toton left after promising to search for Biswas but the family received the ransom call soon after he left. The police is interrogating the detained to know more on the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13402843", "title": "HC directs CBI to probe acid attack on girls in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday, directed CBI to probe an acid attack on three girls in Rohtak. The court order came as a blow to Haryana cops, who have been accused of hushing up the case. The incident took place in June last year.The court set a six-month deadline to CBI to complete the probe and directed the agency to also investigate allegations of police exonerating the culprits. The Haryana government was also asked to pay compensation to the victims by May 31.It's perhaps the first time when an acid attack case has been handed over to CBI. The petition was filed by Haryana State Legal Service Authority on behalf of the victims.On June 18 last year, three minors suffered burns when two youth threw acid on their face. Two of the victims were Class X students while the third studied in Class XII. The girls were returning from tuition when they were attacked. An FIR was lodged by Rohtak police for attempt to murder, criminal conspiracy.One of the victims had identified an attacker, but police chose to bury the charges. Unable to fight their case, the victims approached the state legal services authority, which moved the high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402237", "title": "AI pilots have not heeded appeals to withdraw strike: Ajit Singh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Problem of air passengers may not end soon amid 'helplessness' shown by civil aviation minister Ajit Singh who on Tuesday told Rajya Sabha that striking Air India pilots had not heeded the continued appeals by the government to withdraw their agitation.\"I committed in the House that no victimization would be done... but pilots are not listening. That is where the situation stands today,\" he told the Upper House even as members expressed concern over the ongoing strike and its impact on passengers.Maintaining that Air India's image has been \"dented\" by the strike, Singh said the stir has come during the peak season and at a time when its revenue had gone up to 35% and its performance was improving.Pointing out that the High Court has stuck down their strike as \"illegal\", he regretted the fact that the striking pilots who reported sick were neither sick nor had visited doctors.Singh said his ministry is ready to discuss all issues as the government had announced Rs 30,000 crore as bailout package over eight years. \"This bailout is not without strings. They have to meet strict standards. If they meet these standards, we will release public money,\" he said.In this context, he said the airline owed crores of rupees to oil companies as dues. His statement came as members from all political parties demanded an early end to the strike.BJP member Rajiv Pratap Rudy demanded a roadmap from the government regarding an early end to the strike as he felt that neither the government nor the pilots were ready to \"blink\" as the strike as continued for over 14 days now.His concerns were shared by Samajwadi Party member Naresh Agarwal (SP) and RJD's Prem Chand Gupta.CPI member D Raja sought to know if the government has made any assessment with regard to the strike, while JD (U) member N K Singh demanded control over pricing of the tickets so that other airlines do not fleece passengers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13403384", "title": "Techie murdered in Bangalore, body wrapped in layers of duct tape", "text": "BANGALORE: A 24-year-old software engineer was on Tuesday morning found murdered in a gruesome manner - his body was swathed in 50 metres of duct tape and strapped to the rear seat of his Volkswagen Polo at Brookefield, near Whitefield.The youth's head was shrouded in four plastic covers sealed with a duct tape wound 20 times around his neck. The body was swaddled in 12 layers of duct tape at eight places below the waist. His hands and legs, too, were tied using duct tape.The victim is Sreeraj S, a resident of 6th cross, AECS Layout, Brookefield, and native of Kozhikode in Kerala. He worked with HP as a software engineer. The body was found in his car next to a lakeside park in 'D' block, Maruthi Layout, AECS Layout, about a kilometre from his house. A one-litre plastic bottle half-filled with water laced with sleeping tablets was found in the boot of the car.In the morning, ragpickers spotted the car parked next to a waste dump. They thought a man lying on the back seat was asleep. A closer look revealed his head was shrouded in plastic covers. Police were informed by 8 pm. They took 15 minutes to remove the tapes from the body.Police ruled out the murder-for-gain angle. The victim's wallet and costly cellphone handset were intact. Investigators suspect an affair might have resulted in the killing. The victim sported a jeans and grey T-shirt . Police suspect the involvement of more than one person . The victim's dust-free shoes indicated that he might have been killed either in his car or at a house close by.Killers weren't professionalsThe gruesome murder of Sreeraj S on Tuesday proved only one thing: the killers were not professionals and the layers of tape pointed to their nervousness and desperation , according to forensic experts. Alerted by passersby and ragpickers about a youth's body lying on the backseat of a car, police rushed in and force-opened the car doors. The victim showed no signs of life. Forensic experts took the fingerprints on the car and the body. Around 1pm, the police took the body out of the car and ripped off the duct tapes.The outermost cover was of a drycleaner's outlet from Marathahalli, the second one of a designer cloth chain, the third of a fast-food chain and the innermost of a supermarket. Underneath the layers of plastic, a yellow cloth had been stuffed into his mouth and duct-taped.\"Preliminary investigation pointed to the possibility of him being sedated using water laced with sleeping tablets. A bottle was found in the car's boot. After Sreeraj was sedated, they put the plastic covers on his head and wrapped him up in layers of duct tape . He appears to have suffocated to death,\" a forensic officer said.Police have taken Sreeraj's mobile phone and are examining its call records. A postmortem was conducted at Bowring hospital. His parents arrived in the city late in the night.Victim belongs to KozhikodeSreeraj S came to Bangalore from Kerala's Kozhikode four years ago. He joined IBM and worked for a year before shifting to HP as a software engineer. For the first three years, he stayed with his aunt on Bannerghatta Road. Sreeraj moved into the AECS Layout, Whitefield, with his friend, Vivek, a year ago and bought a car. He also had a bike.What happenedSreeraj rode to his aunt's house for dinner on Monday night and returned home around midnight. His roommate Vivek told police that he was in bed when Sreeraj returned and didn't check on him. Police suspect the victim left the bike at home and drove out in his car.Grisly factsBody wrapped in 50 metres of duct tape Four plastic covers were found over techie's head 20 layers of duct tape secured the plastic covers around his neck 12 layers of duct tape found at eight places below the waist 1 litre of plastic bottle found in the car boot. The bottle was half-filled with water laced with sleeping tablets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13408721", "title": "Tollywood Star Heroes Choose Trivikram for Scripts", "text": "Tollywood star heroes have found a new script consultant in the form of Trivikram Srinivas. From examining the script to making changes to glorifying the content, the writer-director has been the preferred choice for top Tollywood stars. After working with Trivikram for \"Jalsa\", Power Star Pawan Kalyan once again called on Trivikram and asked him to check the quality of the content of \"Gabbar Singh\". In fact, Pawan started to feel confident only after Trivikram expressed his satisfaction over the rushes, scenes and dialogues of the movie, which turned out to be a blockbuster.Mahesh Babu too, often drops at Trivikram's and discusses his scripts and career moves. Post \"Athadu\", Mahesh Babu and Trivikram have been bonding big time and both are spotted regularly. Such has been their rapport that Trivikram also directed few ad commercials of Mahesh Babu. But what's prompting these stars to pursue Trivirkam? Well, \"Its Trivikram's witty humor in real life and his knowledge over the script. Moreover, Trivirkam doesn't belong to the \"Bhajana batch\" says a source close to Mahesh Babu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403251", "title": "Minister meets district magistrates to speed up rural works", "text": "KOLKATA: With eyes on the ensuing panchayat polls, state panchayat minister Subrata Mukherjee on Tuesday held a meeting in the city with all district magistrates and panchayat zilla sabhadhipatis, asking them to speed up work in the three tier system.Implementation of work for 11,000 km of rural roads, fixing the number of below poverty line (BPL) people in the state, increasing the number of areas where work can be done under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA), raising total amount of funds that can be sanctioned by the DMs, were some of the issues discussed at the meeting.Interestingly, Mukherjee's challenge was to get all the sabhadhipatis, even those from the opposition, to join the meeting on Tuesday. And they all attended the meeting. So, the Centre can now clear road projects because getting the nod and participation of all panchayats was one of the conditions placed by Delhi.State government wants work of at least half of the 11,000 km of rural roads to be started by the end of this year, and the detailed project report (DPR) on the rest will be submitted by that time as well.Centre's deadline for DPR submission for the 5,500km roads projects is June 14 and the rest by December. This suits the state fine because by then work for a major portion of roads may be over, even if the poll date is fixed for December instead of May next year. - considering there are already such speculations.Total work would be worth several crores and the DPR for all the roads would itself cost approximately Rs 10 crore.In addition, the government also has sanction for roads in three 'special backward regions' - Purulia, Bankura and West Midnapore. These roads will be constructed in areas which have population of more than 200. \"It means many interior villages too will have roads,\" Mukherjee said, adding that for some places many people have been fighting for construction of a single road for years. According to him, there will be only black top roads, and 'no morrum roads'.Tuesday's discussion also involved completion of the BPL survey and the nitty-gritties of MGNREGA project among other issues.The state government is currently conducting a survey on the BPL list and this would be ready by June, Mukherjee said. While the former Left Front government had said the BPL population in the state is 46.6%, the Centre maintained the figure at 28.3% and all Central funds for BPL are sanctioned on the basis of this figure. Now, the state is following the same criteria as the Centre but feels the figure should increase. \"And if it does, we'll have to give the benefits of BPL to the remaining number of people from our own funds even if the Centre does not accept our finding,\" Mukherjee said.The DMs were told on Tuesday to introduce new areas under which work can be done in the MGNREGA according to change of weather. Now, with the advent of monsoon, the work will be related to horticulture, and there is also work in the tea gardens, mangrove forests, small irrigation, and plans to introduce MGNREGA even for cutting paddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13408646", "title": "Sudheer Babu\u2019s next is titled Gali", "text": "Actor Sudheer Babu who shot to fame with the movie SMS (Siva Mansulo Shruti) seems to be on a signing spree. He recently signed up to play the lead in \"Aggipulla\". The actor revealed that he will begin shooting for his next flick, also alongside. Tentatively titled Gali, this film is going to be produced by director Maruthi. \"Yes, we will be shooting for another film along with Aggipulla. We have decided to call it \"Gali\" for now. The film will be directed by Rajesh. Maruti and Sudharshan Reddy will be producing the movie,\" says Sudheer. The filmmakers are still in the process of finalizing the cast and crew of the film and are expected to make a formal announcement. It is learnt that director Maruti has written the story, screenplay and dialogues for the movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402399", "title": "LS secretariat: Meira Kumar travelled in her official capacity", "text": "NEW DELHI: With reference to a news report in TOI titled \"Meira's gone abroad once every 37 days\", the Lok Sabha secretariat has clarified that Speaker Meira Kumar has travelled in her official capacity and accompanied by MPs of all political parties.In a letter Lok Sabha joint director M K Sharma said that India was a member of the Inter-Parliamentary Union and the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association and the Speaker had led the delegations as per convention.Sharma clarified, \"With parliamentary diplomacy gaining ground as a major complement to other diplomatic initiatives, bilateral exchanges of Parliamentary delegations on goodwill visits have become more regular. The IPU and CPA conferences and goodwill visits of Parliamentary delegations have expanded the role of Parliaments and parliamentarians in addressing the challenges before the world in a more effective manner.''He added that regarding the expenditure in the visits, the Speaker was accompanied by MPs of all political parties who often travelled economy class though they are entitled to first class.TOI had reported the Speaker's travel details since she took office in June 2009 based on RTI responses provided by Inter-Parliamentary Union Cell, Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13403068", "title": "Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan wants 11 talukas to emulate example", "text": "MUMBAI: The water conservation department has prepared a proposal for implementation of the Shirpur pattern of water management in the 11 talukas declared as affected by water scarcity. Mantralaya sources said the proposal is likely to be put up before the state cabinet in its next meeting to be held on Wednesday.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has evinced keen interest in the Shirpur water rejuvenation project and wants to replicate it elsewhere in the state. \"The state government has already sanc tioned Rs 10 crore each for the 11 talukas and some of it will be used to try out this project in these areas,'' said sources.Last week, retired geologist Suresh Khanapurkar held a pre sen tation for all the district collectors and divisional commissioners at the Yashda training centre for district officials in Pune at the chief minister's behest.\"Nearly 81% of the soil in Maharashtra is basalt rock. What is needed is to recharge the underground aquifers, which we have successfully done in Shirpur. It is not an expensive method and results are visible within a year,\" said Khanapurkar , warning that the pattern will work provided there is no corruption.Once the ground is saturated , water will remain on the surface. Once the streams and wells are saturated, the water will flow into the rivers and we will have water all year round. We will then no longer need to worry about droughts and floods ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401457", "title": "Soon, better days for 18th June road", "text": "PANAJI: Although the PWD has shut off water supply to a part of the 18th June Road in Panaji due to seepage into the drinking water supply line that's causing contamination of water, PWD executive engineer K R Shrikant told TOI that full normalcy would be restored within two or three days.Shrikant said that seepage into the water supply line had caused contamination of the drinking water line on the 18thJune road from Saraswati Mandir towards Skylark apartment. The department has disconnected the line and is now supplying water to the area through tankers.When approached for his comment, Shrikant said there is no need for panic as the PWD has not only disconnected the water supply line but has also identified and eliminated one fault. \"Now we are testing the line. It's a time-consuming job. Also, we are scouring the entire area to see whether there are other faults. There is no need to worry because the faulty line has been disconnected. It may take another two or three days to restore full normalcy,\" Shrikant said.Shrikant also said that 99% it is not sewage that has seeped into the water supply pipeline. It could be leaked water that has re-entered the pipeline at some point. PWD has undertaken much digging of the roads to identify the fault for the last five to six days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13402140", "title": "'Inform government of pupil intake capacity'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra government has instructed all schools, except minority institutions, to furnish details about their intake capacity at the entrance level. This has been done to ascertain the schools' capacity to provide 25% seats to weaker sections, mandatory under the Right To Education (RTE).\"Under the RTE, all schools have to inform the state about the number of seats they have at the entry level. But to facilitate schools in implementing the RTE, the school education department has told the educational institutes to provide data, such as the number of seats they have at the entry level,\" J S Saharia, additional chief secretary, school education department, said. \"If any school fails to share the data, it can be fined Rs 10,000 to Rs 1 lakh,\" Saharia added.According to the RTE, all schools, except for minority institutions, have to set aside 25% seats for weaker sections, and disadvantaged group students. Schools will have to enroll such students either at the pre-primary or class I level.\"Once data on the number of seats available at the entry level of schools is compiled, the department can calculate seats available for weaker and disadvantaged group students under RTE norms,\" said another senior education department official.Meanwhile, a meeting to decide and define the income limit for economically weaker sections was held at Mantralaya on Tuesday. The decision taken at that meeting will be tabled before the state cabinet on Wednesday. \"On the lines of Delhi, even Maharashtra may set the income limit of a family to Rs 1 lakh per annum. But it is the prerogative of the cabinet, and ministers can either increase or lower the limit that will define weaker sections for implementing the RTE,\" the education department official added.Once data on the number of seats available at the entry level of schools is compiled, the department can calculate seats available for weaker and disadvantaged group students under RTE norms. Schools failing to share statistics can be penalized", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401993", "title": "House green light to Copyright Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament on Tuesday gave its nod to the amendments to Copyright Act, with the Lok Sabha unanimously passing the Copyright Act (Amendment) Bill. The Bill designates the authors as the copyright owners which can't be assigned to producers contrary to the current practice.Noting that producers pocketed the royalties while artistes were left in the lurch, HRD minister Kapil Sibal said the new law would help artistes in their old age when they would reap the rewards of work done during their professional life. Sibal drew the attention of the House to the deplorable condition to which shehnai exponent Bismillah Khan and music composer Ravi had sunk in their old age, saying they were unable to even pay their house rent and meet medical expenses.The Act makes it mandatory for radio and TV broadcasters to pay royalty to the owners of the copyright each time a work of art is broadcast. The amount of royalty would be decided by the Copyright Board rather than left to the whims of companies. The Act bans the bringing out of cover versions of any literary, dramatic or musical work within five years of their original recording. Sibal said the Bill adequately took care of the piracy issue. \"We have embraced the wisdom of the standing committee in bringing about various provisions of this Bill,\" he said.Leader of the Opposition Sushma Swaraj supported the government for bringing forward the legislation and noted that the who's who of the artiste community, ranging from Pandit Ravi Shankar to A R Rahman had proposed changes in the Copyright Act.The Act exempts students from the copyright laws for using such material for research purposes. It imposes a fine and prescribes a jail term two years' imprisonment for persons indulging in piracy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13400937", "title": "Mother kills son, self", "text": "RAJKOT: A 25-year-old mother set her two-and-a-half-year-old son and self on fire here on Tuesday. Police said both Om and Rupal Patel have died.Rupal, a resident of Smit Apartment at Nandanvan Society in Mavdi area, was physically challenged. She got married to Dharmesh Patel four years ago. Dharmesh, who too is physically challenged, owns a factory in Gokulnagar.Dharmesh's family originally belongs to Ardoyi village in Kotda-Sangani taluka of Rajkot district. \"Rupal committed suicide when no one was in the house. Her father-in-law Ramesh Palte and mother-in-law Madhuben had gone to their native village, while Dharmesh was in his factory,\" police said.Rupal and her mother-in-law did not get along well. However, the exact reason behind her taking the extreme step of killing herself and her son would be known only after completion of the investigation, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13407163", "title": "Never wanted to be part of any list of actors: Emraan", "text": "Actor Emraan Hashmi says he does not want to be a part of any particular list of actors as he does not want to get 'bracketed'.With the recent string of hits from Once Upon A Time in Mumbai, Murder 2, The Dirty Picture to Jannat 2 -- added to his track record, Emraan is being considered as a bankable star.\"I never wanted to be part of any list of actors, I have always been working in projects that I believed in. And I would not like to be part of any list, I rather walk my own path and do the kind of films that I want to. I don't want to be bracketed,\" Emraan told PTI in an interview.With offers coming from biggies like Karan Johar and Yash Chopra, Emraan seems to have moved into the big league alongside Shahrukh Khan , Salman Khan , Aamir Khan and Ranbir Kapoor .\"I have great respect for these production houses (Dharma Productions and Yash Raj Films). I am very happy that everyone is now understanding my cinema, my standing as mainstream, which for me is a big thing,\" Emraan said.Reportedly, the film with Dharma Production's is going to be directed by Rensil D'Silva and the one with Yash Raj Films by Parmeet Sethi.When asked about signing films with big production houses, Emraan says, \"Right now, I don't want to make any announcement as far as that film goes or any other film goes. There is no formal announcement but I have been talking to producers. As and when they will make the announcement, then there will be launch and then everyone would know.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13402641", "title": "Camps to detect malnutrition", "text": "MANGALORE: The departments of health and family welfare and women and child welfare in association with seven medical colleges will conduct a health and malnutrition check-up camp for children in the age group of zero to six years in four taluks of Dakshina Kannada from Wednesday to May 28.This is being done as per the direction of the state high court to check cases of malnutrition. The camps will also educate mothers about the availability of nutritious food in anganwadis.In the city corporation limits, a camp has been organized at RAPCC Wenlock Hospital premises on Friday and Saturday.Timings of the camps are as follows: In Mangalore taluk the camps will be held at Ullal on May 23, at Ganjimatha on May 24, at Kompadavu on May 25, at Moodbidri on May 26 and at Mulky CHC on May 28. In Bantwal taluk, the camps will be held at Manchi on May 23, at Vittla on May 24 and at Bantwal on May 26. In Belthangady taluk it will be held at Belthangady on May 23, at Venoor on May 24 and at Kokkada on May 25. In Sullia taluk it will be held on May 23 and 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13407614", "title": "SSC results put off by a day", "text": "HYDERABAD: SSC students who have been eagerly waiting for their results will have to wait for one more day to know their fate. The directorate of government examinations will now release the results only on Thursday, instead of Wednesday.A day before the scheduled date for announcing the results, the directorate postponed it by one day as minister for secondary education K Parthasarathi will be back in the city only on Thursday from his bypoll campaign in Tirupati.This is the second time that the directorate had to postpone the results to suit the minister's schedule. Though the initial plan was to release the results at 11 am on Wednesday the officials had to postpone it to 4.30 pm the same day as the minister was to attend a party meeting.The decision was taken at a short notice. This sudden postponement has heightened tension among students who are apprehensive as to how the CBSE model grading system, which was recently introduced in SSC, would affect them.As per the new grading system, instead of marks, just grading (on a scale of 10) will be given in SSC certificates of the students. The directorate officials, however, said that it was the minister's busy schedule that forced them to postpone the results.\"We had slated the function at 4.30 pm and this seemed not convenient time for students to access the internet for the results. Hence, we decided to defer the timing and postpone it by a day,\" said B Manmadha Reddy, director, government examinations.The decision incensed several students and parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13402996", "title": "Palamu polling booths to be rationalized", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Polling booths in Palamu district are to be rationalized following the instructions of the Election Commission.Palamu deputy commissioner Pooja Singhal said on Tuesday that a meeting was held in which members of the national and regional political parties took part. Representatives of the MLAs and MPs also participated, she said.There are around 1,290 polling booths in Palamu district. Explaining rationalization of polling booths, Singhal said three conditions were laid for setting up the booths for the 2014 Lok Sabha election.The last Lok Sabha election was held in 2009. The status/location/feature of the booths will now be rationalized for the 2014 Lok Sabha election. The first condition is that if in 2009 the booth was set up in a mud building which has now been replaced by a concrete one, the booth will now be in the latter.Second, in 2009 booths were set up for a population of 1,500 voters. This time it will be rationalized for a population of 1,200 voters and in the event of voters exceeding this figure, a sub-booth will be set up at the same place.Singhal said under the rationalization drive the political parties were urged to file complaints or suggestions if they find any booth at remote places. \"However in this extremist-hit district, booths are set up keeping in mind the safety of voters, polling parties, electronic voting machines, police force. The distance becomes a casualty as in 2009 Lok Sabha elections when there were some booths as far as six kilometers from the population of voters.\" She said all complaints were to be submitted to the district administration by May 28 which would be scrutinized and a report would be sent to the chief electoral officer in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402832", "title": "Norms flouted in construction of dalit memorials, government tells high court", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Tuesday told the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court that it had found some material in alleged flouting of norms in demolition of public utility buildings and construction of Dalit memorials during the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) regime. The state government also informed the court that it would furnish material before it to obtain suitable direction. The court fixed July 23 as the next date of hearing.These submissions were made by the state government before a five-member Bench comprising Justice RK Agarwal, Justice Umanath Singh, Justice SN Shukla, Justice Satish Chandra and Justice Abhinav Upadhayaya hearing 12 public interest litigations (PILs) filed against the previous BSP government for alleged anomalies in the construction of memorials. These PILs were filed between 2007 and 2009 when the then state government demolished public utility buildings like stadium and some government residential and official buildings to make way for extension of existing memorials and construction of new ones named after Dalit icons. The petitioners included the Gomtinagar Jan Kalyan Mahasamiti and other individuals. Their main plea was that the government flouted rules related to environment among other things.One of the petitioners is Magsaysay Award winner Sandeep Pandey, convener, National Alliance for People's Movement. Through his counsel SN Shukla, a retired bureaucrat-turned-lawyer, Pandey had challenged the decision of the Mayawati government to enact the UP Ambedkar Samajik Prerna Sthal Act 2007 as it gave legislative power to the government. Though the Mayawati government in February 2009 repealed the Act, Shukla submitted before the court that the decisions taken during the period when the Act was in place were illegal. They argued that the memorials were built for personal and political gains by Mayawati and her associates, hence the cost of the damages done to the environment and loss to the exchequer be realised from them.Initially, the cases were being heard by various benches but Mayawati government approached the Supreme Court with the plea that all the cases should be clubbed and heard by the apex court. The latter on February 9, 2010, directed the Allahabad High Court to constitute a special Bench and decide PILs within four months. Subsequently, a five-member Bench was formed. Last year, the Supreme Court again issued direction for deciding the matter within three months. Now, the new Akhilesh government in the state through additional advocate general Raj Bahadur Yadav has informed the court that alleged irregularities in construction of memorials are being probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403417", "title": "Burn victim moved to Mumbai hospital", "text": "NASHIK: The 27-year-old woman of Shreejay Nagar, who suffered burn injuries following in the explosion of a gas geyser at her home in her house has been shifted to Mumbai for further treatment.Nikita Desai The woman who who had suffered 60% burn injuries, Nikita Desai, was initially shifted to Life Care hospital at Lekha Nagar, Cidco, by her neighbours.However, later in the day her relatives took her to Masina hospital in Byculla Mumbai which has a special facility to treat burn injuries the Indiranagar police said.Giving the details of the incident, the Indiranagar police said that around 10am to 11 am on Monday, the victimNikita Desai was alone in the house. She got busy with household chores after finishing her bath in the morning. taking bath the woman got busy in the household works.However, in less than three to four minutes after she had come out of the bathroom, she heard a noise that came from within he bathroom.After she rushed to the bathroom, she found that the geyser had fallen down. The police said that that the woman may have forgotten to shut down the supply of the gas to the geyser and a leak may have developed when the geyser fell down. Since the bathroom was attached to the bedroom, where a lamp was burning, the gas spread and it caught fire.Nikita Desai, who was caught in the ensuing flames in the incident came running out of her house, Neighbours who spotted her doused the fire and shifted her to Life Care hospital.At the time of the incident, Nikita Desai's husband was at work, while her father-in law and mother-in -law were also away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13402949", "title": "Social networking site comes in handy for Hatia contestants", "text": "RANCHI: Social networking sites are now not restricted only to a platform for the friends and colleagues to remain connected and communicate. Of late, a popular social networking site is being used by the candidates in the fray for the Hatia assembly byelection as a useful tool for campaigning.All the four candidates for the June 12 election - Ramji Lal Sharda (BJP), Naveen Jaiswal (Ajsu Party), Sunil Kumar Sahay ( Congress) and Ajay Shahdeo (JVM-P) - are using it as a medium to spread their messages and make electorate aware of their activities.Sharda is informing the visitors about his every movement, plans and the issues which are coming up for discussion at public meetings and his door-to-door campaigns; his contender Shahdeo is updating the supporters about his next day's plans.\"My supporters are from all age and coming from all walks of life. If I need to read and understand their minds, I have to use a platform which is used by them. While public meetings and door-to-door campaigns are for middle-aged and elderly people, social networking site is appropriate for the Gen-Y who is more into netsurfing and studies,\" said Sharda.To make sure that the young generation gets the party message and feel the efforts put in by Sharda in the election, he has also uploaded a number of photographs of his public meetings and door-to-door campaigns.Shahdeo, who is also the deputy mayor of Ranchi and enjoys a good fan following, is using the social networking site to keep his supporters updated about the programmes. Through one of his friends he has invited the young brigade to join him when he files the nomination paper on Wednesday.\"Youth constitute a considerable percentage of total electorate for the Hatia assembly. They are progressive and stand for social cause. The young voters of Hatia want to remain updated about what is going on and so some of my friends must have posted even about my nomination,\" said Shahdeo.The other two candidates Sahay and Jaiswal are also using the site to garner support but are definitely behind Sharda and Shahdeo. Probably Sahay and Jaiswal feel that personal interaction with voters will be of more use than the interaction in cyber world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13402666", "title": "800 primary schools to be upgraded", "text": "BHOPAL: A Cabinet meeting chaired by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan on Tuesday decided that more than 800 primary schools will be upgraded to middle schools. It decided to construct more than 13,000 toilets for girls across the state. Nine new colleges too have been sanctioned for the state, Narrottam Mishra, spokesman of the Cabinet said after the meeting.Sanction for Rs 41,9687.8 lakh has also been accorded for Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, the National Programme for Education of Girls at Elementary Level (NPEGEL) and Kasturba Gandhi Girls Schools.A decision has also been taken to create posts for 13,022 part-time instructors for middle schools. Sanction has also been accorded for setting up of seasonal temporary hostels for 6,359 children of migrating population and special residential training centres for 39,597 school drop outs or children not going to school. The decision was also taken on the non-residential training centres for 54,140 children. Sanction has been granted for to-and-fro facility for 4,140 children living in remote and forest villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13387006", "title": "I'm still a newcomer in Bollywood: Prabhu Deva", "text": "He brought action and Southern flavour back in Bollywood with Wanted in 2009 but dancing star-turned-director Prabhu Deva, whose next film Rowdy Rathore is set to release this June, says he is still a newcomer in Bollywood.Wanted was Prabhu Deva's Hindi directorial debut. Besides breaking many box office records and giving Salman Khan's career a much-needed hit, the film sparked off a trend of remaking films from down South in Bollywood.\"I am a newcomer in Bollywood. Every time I work with an actor, it becomes the first time for me. Rowdy Rathore is my second film in Hindi. There is the same pressure about this film's performance at the box office,\" Prabhu told PTI.For his second Hindi film, Prabhu Deva was approached by Sanjay Leela Bhansali , who wanted the director to make a typical masala film.\"Sanjay sir came to Chennai and told me he wanted to make a masala film. He is more commercial a filmmaker than me and the idea of Rowdy Rathore was his. As a director we all respect him. When he said he wanted me to direct the film, I consented,\" said the 39-year-old actor-director.Even though the film was Bhansali's idea, Prabhu Deva says the prolific filmmaker did not interfere in his direction.\"He didn't interfere later during the shoot. He was keen on me being comfortable as a director. He only said 'whatever you need from me as a producer just let me know'. He came for the mahurat then he didn't come for the shoot at all.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13403457", "title": "Race begins for Gaya mayor's post", "text": "GAYA: Hardly had the dust settled on Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) election than the race for the coveted post of mayor began. The results of the 53-member GMC were announced on May 19. Though the schedule for election to the post of mayor and deputy mayor is yet to be announced, lobbying has already started. Sources say the State Election Commission (SEC) wants the election to be held immediately after the oath taking ceremony of the newly-elected corporators.Elections were held for 52 out of 53 seats as Ibrar Ahmad alias Bhola Mian was elected unopposed. Nobody dared to contest against Bhola, a former inmate of Gaya Central jail.Four aspirants for the post of mayor have started campaigning to woo the corporators, quite a few of them appear to be hard bargainers. Though, preferences of most of the 34 old corporators who managed to retain their seats are more or less known, 19 newly-elected corporators hold the key, says Congress leader Arun Kumar Prasad.Four names that are doing rounds are that of the outgoing mayor Shagufta Perween, former mayor Asha Devi, ward No 5 corporator Vibha Devi and giant killer Soni Kumari, who defeated deputy mayor Mohan Srivastava's wife Manisha Srivastava, thereby upsetting his not so secret game plan to install Manisha in the mayor's office and proxy run the body.Going by the past two elections, money and caste are likely to play an important role in the election and preventing horse trading appears to be the greatest challenge for the State Election Commission, which, so far has done a commendable job by trying to rein in the anti-social elements. That quite a few history sheeters managed to get elected directly or by proxy is an altogether different story.Besides the post of mayor, lobbying has also begun for the post of deputy mayor. Old war horse Lalji Prasad is once again likely to lock horns with the outgoing deputy mayor Mohan Srivastava. Vinod Mandal and Chitranjan Prasad Verma's name have also cropped up for the post.Deputy mayor's election in Gaya evokes more than normal interest as the post of mayor is reserved for woman and the past three mayors, according to activist Motibhai, failed to establish a fully independent identity thereby giving the deputy mayor, the scope for calling the shots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13403411", "title": "Hero of farmers on warpath again", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The hero of \"Kandela kand\", Ghasi Ram Nain, state president of Bhartiya Kisan Union, is on a fast-unto-death in Kaithal town of Haryana since April 20.Sporting a white beard, Nain,78, wants profitable rates for crops fixed, based on the cost of inputs. \"I will fight till my last breath,\" Nain told The Times of India.\"Farmers are not beggars. They should be given their right,\" he added.Nain has successfully fought for farmers almost against all governments the state had, including those led by Om Parkash Chautala, Bhajan Lal and Bansi Lal during the past four decades. However, it is for the first time that Nain is on warpath against Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led government during his seven years of rule.BKU leader Jiya Lal, a close associate of Nain, said that the demand relates to Central government, though Hooda must pursue the case of farmers with the Centre on crop rates.Farmers led by Nain had supported Hooda in 2005 assembly polls after a bitter struggle against the then Chautala government.Nain had made headlines when he led the farmers' agitation demanding waiver of electricity dues pending against farmers, near Kandela village of Jind district in 2002.The farmers had then made a deputy superintendent of police hostage when he was crossing a road, which was blocked by the farmers. Later, during police firing, six farmers were killed, which had impacted the popularity of Indian National Lok Dal (INLD) led by Om Parkash Chautala considerably.Resident of Lochab village in Jind district, Nain belongs to a landlord family and owns 40 acres of land. He started uniting farmers under the banner of Bhartiya Kisan Union in 1975.Nain recalled, \"At that time, authorities were buying the wheat of farmers at low rates. I felt that only a union can save the farmers from such exploitation.\" Nain has been a voice of Haryana farmers on various issues relating to farming community since then.But he has been mainly fighting against hike in tariffs of electricity supplied to agriculture sector, since early 1980s.When the Bhajan Lal government introduced an electricity tariff hike in 1992, Nain launched the longest struggle, which ran for 12 years. Around two dozen farmers were killed in more than half-a-dozen police firing incidents during the farmers' stir on the issue, Jiya Lal said.Ultimately, the Chautala government had rolled back the tariff hike in 2004, after 12 years of its introduction, he said.After assuming charge as chief minister in 2005, Bhupinder Singh Hooda had waived electricity dues of farmers worth Rs 1,600 crore, Lal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403310", "title": "Congress invokes Jyoti Basu to protect Indira legacy", "text": "KOLKATA: When alive, Jyoti Basu was a bitter rival of the Congress. Ironically, the Congress is now invoking the memory of the CPM patriarch to protect a house in Salt Lake named after Indira Gandhi.The house was built in 1972 to provide accommodation to Indira during the Calcutta session of AICC. Years later the original thatched roof structure was torn down by the Jyoti Basu government and turned into a two-storey concrete building. It served as Jyoti Basu's home in the last years of his life. Now, chief minister Mamata Banerjee wants to replace it with a 'Nazrul Academy'.Mamata's plan sparked more friction in the uneasy alliance between Congress and Trinamool, with both parties taking potshots at each other from time to time.On Tuesday, leaders of Pradesh Congress Committee distributed to newspersons copies of Basu's voter's card to establish that there is indeed a building in Salt Lake called 'Indira Bhawan'. PCC spokesman Abdul Mannan said that the urban development department had recently argued that there was no house in Salt Lake registered as Indira Bhawan but Basu's EPIC establishes that there was such a house.Basu had shifted his residence to Indira Bhawan when he developed health problems and doctors advised him plenty of fresh air.On Tuesday, Mannan read out a report from a newspaper edition of June 1978 to inform that the original structure, with a thatch roof, had been built at a cost of Rs 5 lakh. What he did not mention was that the amount Congress had spent to provide accommodation to Indira Gandhi had - going by the price index of 1972 - raised questions.The Congress objects to the proposed demolition of the existing structure to facilitate the building of Nazrul Academy, but Mannan himself confirmed that the Jyoti Basu government had turned the thatch-roofed structure into a two-storied pucca structure. Mannan chose to call it \"renovation.\"Urban development minister Firhad Hakim had recently said: \"Congress leaders did not have the courage to protest when the original building which Indira Gandhi had visited, was demolished and a new building came up in its place.\"The chief minister is expected to inaugurate the Nazrul Academy at the site of Indira Bhavan on May 25 in the presence of Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju. The chief minister herself had earlier made it clear the there was no plan to change the name of the building from Indira Bhawan when the Nazrul Academy was shifted there from Rabindra Sadan. Which means that 'Indira Bhawan' would now house Nazrul Academy.Hakim, too, confirmed that there was no plan to remove the plaque saying 'Indira Bhawan' from the building in Salt Lake.But, sources in Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) said that there was a plan to erect a larger building on the present structure of Indira Bhawan. A part of the present structure would be retained but the rest would be demolished to facilitate the new structure.Irrigation minister Manas Bhunia of the Congress spoke to the chief minister and Firhad Hakim on Monday, expressing the sentimental values that Congress attached to Indira Bhawan. Mannan said the feedback that Bhunia got from them was \"positive.\" Even then, taking no chance, the Salt Lake Town Congress Committee would organize a 'dharna' near the building on Wednesday, though Mannan emphasized that this was not to create a political issue. \"We want to keep a vigil,\" he said.Congress raised the issue even in its 'report card' on the first anniversary of the Mamata-led government, indicating that it was determined to force a stand-off. \"Now we have come to know that the existing building known as Indira Bhavan is going to be demolished and there will be a new complex for Nazrul Academy. The plan is detrimental as well as insulting to two great names of India,\" the party said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401339", "title": "Businessman nabbed for selling fake platinum", "text": "HYDERABAD: Task Force sleuths nabbed a businessman from Guntur district who was trying to dupe people by selling them fake platinum.Based on a tip-off, a Task Force team arrested Shaik Hassan Ahmed of Dachepally in Guntur district near Yadagar hotel, Kacheguda on Tuesday morning when he was waiting for prospective customers. Police found 19 duplicate platinum pieces weighing about two kgs in his possession.In another incident, another Task Force team nabbed Bahadurpura history-sheeter Mohammed Osman, 21, near Indiana Hotel in Kishanbagh and recovered two swords from his possession. Police said Osman was carrying swords to kill his rival Saleem. The arrested persons along with the seized property were handed over to local police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13402164", "title": "Caught with cocaine, Fardeen Khan was let off after de-addiction stint", "text": "In May 2001, actor Fardeen Khan was caught attempting to buy cocaine. Khan's case was that since he was trying to buy a small quantity of the drug for personal consumption, he fell under Section 27 of NDPS Act, which dealt with \"illegal possession in small quantity for personal consumption of any narcotic drug or psychotropic substance or actual consumption of such a drug\". First-time offenders caught under Section 27, can avail of immunity from prosecution under Section 64A of NDPS Act, provided they undego de-addiction treatment.The law says first-timers, if not charged with any other major offence under the Act and voluntarily undergoes treatment for de-addiction at a government hospital, will not be liable to prosecution for illegal possession of narcotic drug or psychotropic substance in small quantity for personal consu-mption. But the benefit will be withd-rawn if the treatment is left halfway.The onus lies on the person concerned to prove that the quantity was meant for personal consumption and not for sale or trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13400736", "title": "Goons attack slain cop's home before trial", "text": "KOLKATA: Armed goons broke into a house in Birati on the city's northern fringes on Tuesday and threatened the family of a murdered policeman against giving witness in the trial.The gang tried to cut the grille and kept thrusting sharp weapons at the terrified family members - who included a 78-year-old grandmother and a 10-year-old girl. The victims called the police when the attackers were still at the gates, but the officer who took the SOS asked them to \"come over and file a complaint\".The traumatized family doesn't know which is worse - the brazenness of the daylight assault in complete disregard of police, or the callousness of the law enforcers. The gang was allegedly led by a local Trinamool supporter, Kamal Das.The chargesheet in the murder case was filed four days ago. Kolkata Police constable Asit Dam had been brutally thrashed on March 8 - Holi - for standing up to a gang of eight that broke into their home and tried to molest his niece. The goons attacked Asit, his mother Renubala (78), his brothers and sisters with hockey sticks and other weapons. Dam succumbed four days later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13401434", "title": "Calangute village panchayat to be led by woman", "text": "CANDOLIM: Outgoing sarpanch Joseph Sequeira will now have to make way for a woman since the post of sarpanch in the Calangute village panchayat is reserved for women. There are six women in Sequeira's 11-member panel, but he declined to say who the next sarpanch would be.The seven winners from Sequeira's group include Vianyak Salgaonkar, Geeta Parab, Ana Maria Cassiano de Souza, Savio Gonsalves, Joseph Sequeira, Pascoal Fernandes and Filomena Fernandes. Except for three, the rest are all \"old faces\".Jayanath Parulekar, a close supporter of Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, won from ward No. 8 and is expected to support Sequeira's group in the panchayat.Paulo Thomas D'Souza who won from ward No. 1 and Savio Gonsalves who won from ward No. 5 are both first-time panchas.Sitting panchas Reshma Kalangutkar and Anny Fernandes retained their places in the panchayat by winning from ward No. 9. and ward No. 10 respectively. Both of them are also expected to support the group led by Sequeira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402198", "title": "Exam pressure off, students score perfect 10", "text": "PUNE: A majority of schools in the city reported 100% success in the Central Board of Secondary Education's (CBSE) class X results, which were declared by the central board late on Monday.The performance of students too has gone up with many schools reporting a large number of students with an A1 grade for full 10 grade points.For instance, the Army Public School (APS) and Delhi Public School (DPS) had as many as 60 and 47 students, who ended up with an identical CGPA (cumulative grade point average) of 10, respectively.In line with the CBSE's directives to the schools against making public the percentage of successful students, several schools preferred revealing only the grades of their students when contacted by TOI.The Army Public School (APS) in Camp reported a 100% success with 283 students appearing for the exam. Of these, 220 had opted for the school-based test, while 63 for the board exam.Principal Binita Poonekar said, \"Of the total students, 60 secured an A1-grade while 80 students secured A2 grade with a grade point ranging from 9 to 9.8. Most of the remaining got grade points between 7 and 9.\"Poonekar said, \"This year, many students bagged an A1 grade in maths and science. Concepts have been made easier by including projects and fun activities in the academics, which has led to a better understanding of subjects. They no longer have to perform under pressure, as they are now being graded. The teaching-learning process has become fun.\"At the DPS, 168 students including 73 girls, appeared for the exam. Of these 119 took the board exam and the rest opted for a school-based exam. Neelam Chakrabarty, DPS principal, said, \"Children have performed better this year as they have acclamatised to the new system. In all, 47 of our students secured a perfect 10 or full 10 grade points. Another 47 students secured a CGPA between 9 and 10,\" she said. Some school toppers were Tanish Satoor, Bandhuli Chattopadhyay, Raya Ghosh, and Sayali Alatkar.Jnana Prabodhini Prashala saw 81 students appear for the board-based evaluation and recorded 100% results. School principal Milind Naik said, \"Seventy three students have secured more than 90% this year, while the highest score is 98.4% and the lowest score is 83.6%.\"He said the average score this year in their school was 93.62% whereas last year it was 89%. \"This means that performance has been better. Many students have bagged more marks in social science than in science,\" he added.\"The average score of social science at our school this time is 93.94% and that in science is 91.64%. In the past, students would score more in science than in social studies,\" said Naik, adding that from the total of 81 students, 40 were boys and 41 were girls.Isha Patankar (98.4%), Vaibhav Tipnis (98%) and Aarohi Vaidya (98%) were among the toppers at Jnana Prabodhini.At the APS, Khadki, 16 students out of total 305 bagged more than 90% score while 55 students secured between 80-89% and 78 students got between 70-79%. School principal Nirmala Tambe said, \"Ten out of the 16 toppers, who secured a CGPA of 10, are girls. Of the total 305 students, 90 opted for the school-based test, while 215 wrote board exams.\"All the 302 students. including 131 girls, from the DAV Public School at Aundh cleared the class X exam. A total of 100 students secured an A1 grade, 107 students bagged an A2 grade, 65 got B1 and 21 got B2 grade,\" said R V Lakshmi, section coordinator of the school. \"Students have performed better than last year. There were just 41 girls and 22 boys who had secured A 1 grade last year. This year, this number has increased to 48 girls and 52 boys.\"The Saraswati Educational Society's Gurukul School too reported 100% success with all its 60 students clearing the exam. School principal, Mrinmayee Bhave, said,\"Of the total 60 students, 42 secured a CGPA between 8 and 9.9 grade points while 15 students got between 6 and 7.9 grade points.\"Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV), CME had all its 124 students clearing the exam. \"Of these, 122 had opted for the board-based exam while two chose the school-based exam. Twelve students including five girls secured a CGPA of 10,\" said Savithri Thiagarajan, principal, KV, CME. Trisha Bhattachrya was the topper at KV, CME with a score of 96.4 %.The KV, Ganeshkhind, Aundh also reported 100% result. \"Nineteen of our 126 students secured a CGPA of 10,\" said the school principal Kirti Sharma.At City International School, Pimpri, M. Shushant scored 95.4%, Prachi Ghawade scored 94.2 % and Vaibhavi Deshpande scored 93.2 %, topping at the school. The school reported 100% success rate with a total of 56 students appearing for the class X exam.At the Bharati Vidyapeeth English Medium Primary School, Katraj, all the 96 students cleared their class X exam. Of these, seven students scored 9.6 CGPA (Cumulative Grade Point Average) and above. Inderjit Patil emerged topper at this school, scoring 9.8 grade point. Inderjit scored a 10 in English, Marathi, mathematics and social science and missed out by a whisker, scoring 9 in his science paper.Grades understoodThe grades were awarded on a nine-point scale for each subject. A student securing between 91 and 100 per cent in a subject, was given an A1-grade and a grade point of 10. A student scoring between 81 and 90 in a subject was given A2 and a grade point of 9. Those scoring between 71 -80 were given B1 and a grade point of 8, while those scoring between 61-70 were given B2 and a grade point of 7. Scoring between 51 -60 percent, fetched students C1, and a grade point of 6, while 41 -50 percent in a subject led to a C2 and a grade point of 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400596", "title": "Two tigresses to be shifted to Sariska", "text": "JAIPUR: After finding a new cub at the Ranthambhore National Park (RNP), the wildlife authorities are now trying to expedite the shifting of two tigresses from RNP to Sariska Tiger Reserve. On Monday the authorities spotted T-39 with a cub that has taken the number of cubs to 21 and number of tigers to 47. They are now aiming at boosting breeding among tigers in the upcoming season from July onwards.The state government authorities on Tuesday said that two tigresses might be shifted to Sariska tiger reserve to ensure more breeding of the big cat. Government sources said they will seek permission from the National Tiger Conservation Authority ( NTCA) and after the authority's approval they would move two more tigresses from Ranthambhore to Sariska.\"Since some of the tigresses have proved their fertility, two tigresses may be shifted to the Sariska tiger reserve which has 2 male tigers and 3 tigresses already,\" said Bina Kak, the state tourism and environment minister. Elated over spotting the cub of T-39, Kak said that authorities need to be vigilant towards the safety of the tigers to get good results.According to sources, the authorities are planning to shift two tigresses in July-August this year. \"This is the mating season for the big cat and it will definitely increase breeding,\" said an official. Tigers from Ranthambore were shifted to Sariska in 2008. Despite four years no cubs have been spotted in this protected wild life sanctuary.Kak is also happy to know that her directions to remove the radio collar of T-17 brought good results. \"People told me that T-17 is also pregnant and I think our decision to remove the collar worked. I want the collars to be removed from the female tigers in Sariska as well so that the spell over tiger breeding in that park breaks,\" she added.Wildlife enthusiasts were also elated over breeding of the tigers as so far this year three cubs have been spotted. \"It is exciting to know that tigers are breeding in the park. Even if 60 per cent of the present cub population survives, it is going to be a big number,\" said a wildlife expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13406402", "title": "Gosling not willing to live in with Eva yet", "text": "Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling , who faced a number of breakup rumours last month, are most decidedly still on but the actor is not ready to play house just yet, it has been revealed.The couple of seven-plus months squashed the rumours with a hand-holding coffee run near Gosling's East Village NYC pad May 10.Still, things got complicated for the twosome in late April, when Gosling grew distant.According to a pal, the actress confronted Gosling.\"He says he wants to slow down and not live with her yet,\" Us magazine quoted an insider as saying.\"But he doesn't want to lose her,\" the insider said.The news of the Hollywood couple's romance broke between 'The Place Beyond the Pines' costars back in September 2011, when they were photographed on an adorable, PDA-packed visit to Disneyland.The fun continued through this spring, when Mendes tagged along with Gosling to Thailand , where he shot 'Only God Forgives' and she cooked up a storm for her man.\"This was a girl who once couldn't make pasta!\" the pal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403190", "title": "IAS reshuffle", "text": "KOLKATA: In a sudden IAS reshuffle, the state has made some changes in the ranks of secretaries on Tuesday. A Subbaih, who was deputy chairman of Tutikorin Port Trust, will now be the IT secretary. P Ramesh Kumar , who was on deputation, will be the labour secretary. Alapan Badopadhyay will be the commerce and industries secretary in addition to secretary of municipal affairs department. tnnThe state also made Santanu Basu, who was the joint secretary to the chief minister, the DM of Howrah. Subhanjan Das, ADM (G) of Midanpore (west), will replace Basu. Sanghamitra Ghosh, who was Howrah's DM, was transferred to health department and Puneet Yadav has been shifted to budget department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13400944", "title": "Complete water works before May 31: Meena", "text": "GONDIA: Additional chief secretary of public administration and guardian secretary of Gondia district PS Meena has directed officials to complete all approved 445 drinking water works before May 31. He was speaking in the survey meeting of concerned officers of Gondia district on Saturday.In his introductory speech, district collector Pradeep Kalbhor said that 1,152 integrated projects and schemes of drinking water have been regarding drinking water in the district. Out of this, 445 schemes have already been given administrative approval and 239 projects of drinking water in 129 villages have been completed at the expense of Rs 41.89 lakh. A total of 206 works are already in progress in different villages. All efforts are being made that they are completed before May 31. Rest of the projects shall be taken up after rains, he said.Meena called upon officers and agencies to see that the women in villages are not required to go to long distance to fetch water, he said.Those others who were present on this occasion included CEO of ZP Gondia Dr Yeshwant Madavi, district planning officer Krishna Firke and other officers of water supply department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "faridabad", "code": "13401701", "title": "Pregnant woman killed by car in Faridabad", "text": "FARIDABAD: A pregnant woman died and three others were injured when a speeding car hit a bike before running over three people near B K Hospital in Faridabad.Witnesses said the car was coming from the Dussehra Ground side towards the hospital at high speed when the driver lost control of the vehicle near the gate.The car rammed into a bike, injuring Ravi, and then hit Sunita and Dharmvati, who were entering the hospital. Sunita came under the wheels of the car and died on the spot. Dharmvati survived with injuries.The car also hit Shakuntla, who is a relative of Sunita. As people ran to catch hold of the driver, the car hit the wall of the MCFoffice opposite the hospital. SHO Narender Singh said the erring driver had been taken into custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13395646", "title": "'Action against tiger poachers will not be considered a crime'", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking a stern stand against poachers, Maharashtra government today decided that action taken by forest authorities against those caught while hunting down tigers will not be considered a crime.Talking to reporters here, forest minister Patangrao Kadam said if the forest officials fire upon the poachers injuring or killing them, the action will not be considered a crime.The minister said his ministry has sanctioned 70 additional forest guards for Tadoba tiger reserve and 90 guards for Pench. He said the forest guards will be fully armed.\"There have been instances when the guards have been booked for human rights violations when they have taken action against the poachers. The government did not want this to happen,\" he said.The minister said recently two tigers were caught in a steel trap and died. \"A CID inquiry has been instituted to find out whether they died because of poaching or were electrocuted,\" he added.Besides this, a four-member committee of experts, who have served as chief conservator of forest, has been appointed to advise the government on steps to be taken for precautions against poaching of tigers.Kadam said he had asked the power department officials to check electricity lines in the tiger reserves and also told the irrigation department to ensure maximum water holes.He said Range forest officers have been provided 100 jeeps and State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) troops have been deployed in Sironcha to prevent trafficking of teakwood.He said a secret fund of Rs 50 lakh has been sanctioned to give incentives to informers providing tips about smugglers and poachers to the forest officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13402822", "title": "Rains cool Bhavnagar amid scorching heat", "text": "RAJKOT: Bhavnagar residents got an unexpected relief from scorching heat when sudden spell of rains lashed the city on Tuesday.The rainfall accompanied by heavy winds lasted for at least half-an-hour bringing cheers to people. Vehicular traffic, however, came to halt and traffic snarls brought the city to a standstill. There were reports of power cuts in some parts of the city soon after the downpour.Meanwhile, extremities of weather continued in the state. Surendranagar, Idar and Ahmedabad remained the hottest in the state at 42 degrees CelsiusAmreli and Rajkot, too, simmered at 41 degrees Celsius even as coastal parts of the region got relief from rising mercury on Tuesday. Porbandar was cooler at 33 degrees Celsius, while Dwarka recorded 32 degrees Celsius temperature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13401982", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation seeks expert help to tackle rising malaria cases", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Between January and April last year, there were close to 550 malaria cases in the city. This year during the same period there are more than 1,600 malaria cases - a number that is alarming considering the fact that these cases have surfaced way ahead before the onset of monsoons. The state health department and the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) have now sought help from the National Vector Borne Disease Control Programme (NVBDCP), Delhi and National Institute of Malaria Research in Nadiad to tackle the problem.The NVBDCP team will be headed by head of malaria division G S Sonal and will first meet epidemiologists in Gandhinagar and then visit the affected areas in the city.The scientists will ascertain reasons of the rapid spread of the malarial parasite in the female anopheles mosquito called plasmodium vivax (PV). A key component to this study is parasite mapping - which calculates that the rate of occurrence of the parasite in mosquitoes.The recent temperatures and humidity can also be considered a reason for the sudden spread of mosquitoes. This parasite generally has a gestation period of 12 to 14 days before its starts infecting humans. \"Normally it's after 12 to 14 days of biting humans that the mosquito starts infecting. Mosquito happens to be cold blooded insect and needs temperatures and humidity levels greater than 70 per cent to proliferate. This condition seems to be available to them,\" says a senior health official in Gandhinagar.Another aspect that epidemologists will examine is whether the malarial parasite has undergone some mutation - making it more potent over previous times. What is interesting is the fact that there have been just 130-odd cases of falciparum between January and April this year.For the time being, all construction sites in the city are being extensively surveyed for fever and physical conditions that may lead to mosquito breeding. Summers also involve lot of water storage in containers which may act as effective harboring points for mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13402774", "title": "Regional Transport Office plans special drive to ensure students' safety", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Aiming to ensure safety of students, the Regional Transport Offices (RTOs) in the district will organize a special camp on Wednesday to inspect buses of educational institutions.The camp will begin at 10am at RT offices in Ponnani, Malappuram, Perinthalmanna, Manjeri, Nilambur, Tirurangadi and Tirur.At these camps, vehicles of educational institutions will be inspected to ensure that they are not violating safety norms.An awareness class for drivers will also be organized as part of the camp.At the camp, drivers of these vehicles will be required to produce fitness certificates, insurance papers, tax payment papers, papers of smoke test. The inspection team will check the functioning of speed governors, wipers, lights and break systems installed in buses.The check slips would then be displayed on the front glass of the vehicles.\"Strict action will be taken against vehicles with no check slips,\" said P P Eldo, Malappuram RTO. Those vehicles which completed the test recently also should undergo the special checking, which would be held again next week, he said.Even though school managements and drivers have been issued safety guidelines, majority of them still violate the norms.Strict action would be taken against drivers and schools that breach rules, said RTO official.In Malappuram, the checking camp will be held at Munduparamba on Manjeri-Perinthalmanna bypass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13401110", "title": "Key of Padmavati Devi temple\u2019s hundi collection counting room goes missing", "text": "TIRUPATI: The keys of Tiruchanoor Padmavati Devi temple's Parakamani (hundi collection counting room) went missing on Tuesday in suspicious circumstances.The counting of hundi collection was stalled temporarily and a probe into the incident was ordered by Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanam (TTD) authorities.Sources said the keys were found to be misplaced when one of the TTD superintendents reached the temple at 8am.As the dassekar (temple security person) handed over the keys to the guards on Monday night, it was learnt that the keys were not with them as well. Soon TTD joint executive officer (JEO) Venkataramana Reddy reached the temple and questioned the staff.Permission for use of duplicate keys from the temple treasury was sought from executive officer LV Subramanyam who, in turn, ordered a probe to verify whether it was a theft or a case of missing keys.Counting of hundi is done from Tuesday to Friday from 8am to 5pm. An average of Rs 20 lakh is collected from the hundi every day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13409392", "title": "It was fun to create retro aliens in MIB3: Rick Baker", "text": "Will Smith appreciates the makeup artist of Men in Black and his creativity. Rick Baker, the makeup artist shares his experience.Toi.com told you yesterday how Will Smith loved the retro aliens in his forthcoming movie Men in Black 3.Will stated, \"The thing I really love in the film is the retro aliens. I thought that was an absolute stroke of genius. The aliens are designed from the science fiction perspective of the 60s. You know, Ray Bradburry, Isaac Asimov, \"Star Trek\" on TV, you know what I mean. Rick Baker designed each alien with that very awkward, peculiar sense of humour from the 60's sci-fi perspective. The aliens capture a texture, a wonderful sense of humour, and a clever inventiveness that lends itself to this world.\"The man responsible is Rick Baker. The ace makeup artist has worked on the franchise right from the beginning. He was part of Men in Black I and MIB II.\"It is fun working for such franchise where not only do I get to show my creativity with aliens of 2012 but also get to create the aliens of 1960's.The aliens of 1960's with big eyes and wearing helmets on their heads\" said Baker.Producer Parkes added, \"It was Baker's idea to have a little fun in his alien designs. He came in one day and said, 'What if the aliens in 1969 were 1960s aliens, retro-futuristic aliens that reflected our collective memory of that time and a more innocent approach to sci-fi?' It was just such a charming idea, and everyone went for it.\"MIB 3 releases on May 25 in India in 3D.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402709", "title": "Science city attracts enthusiasts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Regional Science City, Lucknow organised various interactive educational programmes for students and general public on occasion of International Biodiversity Day on Tuesday.The theme for this year's programme was marine biodiversity.Dr RL Singh, former PCCF was the chief guest. The programme drew the attention of a large number of science enthusiasts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13401130", "title": "Big or small, irrigation contracts in Vidarbha attracts only 3 bidders", "text": "NAGPUR: A big size irrigation project worth a few crores and a small-sized work for a few lakhs always attracts just three bidders. It may sound peculiar but this is how things work in the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC) which is often pulled up for the region's agricultural backwardness.After the curious practice of contractors commonly marking up their bids at a little below 5% of the estimated price to avoid scrutiny from the higher ups as reported by TOI on Tuesday, it has been observed that the number of players in fray to bag a deal has consistently been three even though close to 400 contractors are registered with the VIDC.What's more suspicious is that while contractors responding to each tender are different, their number is a constant three. Contractors, on the condition of anonymity, say only cartelization among them prevents from different players entering the fray.\"The bidding process is just an eyewash as deals are fixed beforehand. Contractors wield their clout at the highest level in the state's irrigation department where the decisions are taken. Once a name is finalized, others approaching to buy the tender form are requested to stay off the bidding in that particular case. They back off as they are assured of being 'allotted' other tenders. There are no protests as displeasing the concerned VIDC official would result in no contracts. Moreover, everyone is 'accommodated' in some contract or the other,\" explained a contractor who has bagged a work in the prestigious Gosikhurd dam project in Bhandara.When the chosen contractor bids, the other two are his close associates who deliberately put the bid at a slightly higher rate. For example: If the estimate price is Rs 100, the 'chosen' contractor bids for Rs 110. The other two make very high bids of Rs 150 and Rs 175. This ensures that the main contractor gets the job as the lowest bidder.\"Each one gets his turn this way,\" explained the source. \"Three bidders reflect competition. Even though work can be allotted even to a single bidder, cartelization ensures that the contractors do not give VIDC the chance to negotiate and reduce the bidding price further. However, there have been cases when work has been allotted with only two bidders.\"Papers pertaining to tenders allotted between 2008 to 2010, secured under RTI, confirm the three-contractor cartelization. Big and small contracts, ranging from over Rs 180 crore to just Rs 1 crore, received three, and sometimes, two bids. In rare instances, four have thrown their hat into the ring \"only to establish that there's competition\".The syndicate runs on trust. Once the cartel decides on the 'chosen' contractor, no other firm interferes. There has perhaps been just one case of breach of understanding. A Mumbai-based company, after bagging a contract worth over Rs 50 crores, lost it to a bigger contractor who wielded his influence to bag the same work. \"This led to a bitter war between the two with the former using all means, including RTI, to expose the affairs. It also exposed several malpractices,\" said the source.Without commenting on the cartelization theory, VIDC's executive director Prafulchandra Zapke said that e-tendering, which was introduced over six months ago by the state, leaves no scope for manipulation. \"Even now we get only three bids for every contract. This shows that there's no cartel at work. Applying online does away with direct interaction with the officials. The name of bidders and the rates can be kept secret,\" he said.\"There are good chances now of more bidders coming in as a complete online system is in place since the last two months,\" said the source. \"Earlier, the contractor had to deposit the tender fees at the VIDC office which could easily identify all the parties.\"Pawar controls the powerA letter issued during the regime of Ajit Pawar as irrigation minister in 2005 directs all the irrigation corporations to route the tenders to his office. The letter is in TOI's possession. Prior to that, contracts were awarded at the chief engineer's level. The letter cites financial discipline as the reason for this move. However, contractors have a different story to tell. \"It only ensured a strict political control over the process of awarding contracts,\" the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "penukonda", "code": "13401627", "title": "Low speed limited collision impact", "text": "PENUKONDA: The ill-fated Hampi Express left Hubli at 6 pm on Monday and was to reach Bangalore at 6.10 am on Tuesday. It was at 3.09 am, the train smashed into the rear portion of the stationary goods train at Penukonda, resulting in the death of 25 passengers and injuries to several others. The train was two minutes away from Penukonda railway station when the mishap took place.The death toll could have been far higher had the train cruised at 80-100 km speed when the collision took place at Penukonda station. \"Thankfully, the driver had slowed down the train as he was approaching the Penukonda station where the train was to halt for two minutes. The express train was running at 40 kmph at the time of the crash,\" railway sources said.Hampi Express usually travels at 80-100 kmph between Dharmavaram and Penukonda stations. \"The driver after noticing the goods train on the same track, applied the emergency brakes to avert the collision but it was too late,\" a source said.A senior railway official not wanting to be named said if the train hit the goods train at 100 kmph, it could have resulted in higher casualties. \"The impact of the crash could have led to derailment of reserved bogies, causing death of a large number of passengers,\" he explained. Only four bogies close to the engine derailed, and one of them, a second class luggage-cum-brake van (SLR) caught fire.Penukonda railway station is located three km from the town. \"There is immense pressure on the signalling staff to clear big trains. Even if the right signal is given, the blame is attributed to faulty signalling. It was a case of driver negligence ignoring the red signal and jumping it which led to the fatal mishap,\" an engineer in the signalling wing pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13400586", "title": "Tension after desecration of Ambedkar statue", "text": "AKOLA: There was tension is some rural parts of Akola and adjoining Washim district since Monday noon due to the desecration of the statue of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar at a square in village Kherda Budruk by an unknown person. The irate villagers belonging to Buddhist community set afire a Pandharpur-bound ST bus and damaged a vehicle of DySP of Karanja. Police had to resort to a mild cane charge on the agitated mob.Later, Karanja Lad city observed a near total bandh in protest against the incident.Kherda BK is equidistant from Karanja Lad and Akola. Some 200 villagers came on to the streets and observed a rasta roko for some hours after the desecration. All the buses bound for Akola and Amravati were forced to halt at Karanja Lad bus stand as part of security measures.Over 30 persons have been arrested for causing public nuisance. Several bus passengers were stranded in the stationary buses even as temperatures reached 45 degree Celsius. The situation is now under control but tense.MLA Prakash Dahake strongly protested the incident and demanded immediate arrest of the persons responsible for desecration of Ambedkar statue.Later, protests over the incident spread to nearby Murtizapur tehsil town in Akola district, leading to a bandh there too. A protest march was organized by BRP taluka president Sanjay Naik and city youth chief of BRP Mohan Wasukar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401355", "title": "Job training centre still to see light of day", "text": "HYDERABAD: The National Academy of Construction's Old City centre was sanctioned to empower youth from impoverished families with essential skills for obtaining a livelihood. But even after a year after the foundation stone for the campus in Bandlaguda was laid, construction is yet to begin.It was on June 4 last year that chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy laid the foundation stone on a two-acre land sanctioned for the academy. Construction estimates to the tune of Rs 5 crore were subsequently drawn up. According to those associated with the project, the department of roads and buildings (R&B;), which is entrusted with the task of developing the institute, has not done much on the proposal.Ayesha Rubeena, GHMC co-option member who is associated with the development of the centre said, \"The construction was scheduled to start three months ago. It was learnt that plans have been drawn up and estimates prepared. It is not clear why the R&B; department has not started the construction,\" she said.Not wanting to wait until the completion of construction, the academy officials began training the youth at a private location six months ago.The Old City centre was sanctioned five trades but currently training is being imparted only in three trades including electrical house wiring, plumbing and sanitation, and general works supervision. Besides the main trades, the institute is also operating two short term courses for women.A trainer at the academy said, \"Though our accommodation in the present premises has been sponsored, we would like to have our own premises. This would allow us to take up training in a more organized way and also ensure ample space for housing equipment as and when the requirement may arise.\"SVS Peter, director general, NAC, said that proposals were sent from their side to the R&B; department but they have not received any update from the government. \"We are not aware at what stage the proposal is. We have submitted proposals to the government. The tenders have also not been called but we do know that the file has moved. The construction may start within two months,\" he said.When contacted, an official of R&B; department mentioned that they would call for tenders as soon as they receive administrative sanction from NAC officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13402324", "title": "72 jumbos spotted on day 1 of census", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Seventy-two elephants have been spotted during the elephant census which began on Tuesday in Bhadra wildlife sanctuary.Bhadra wildlife division conservator of forests Krishna Udupudi told TOI that they have divided the sanctuary into 33 blocks and each block has been entrusted to three people, including two from the department and one volunteer.In all the blocks, on the first day of counting they have been asked to record direct sighting of the elephants and also to look into the age and sex ratio. Each team has walked minimum 15 km to spot the elephants and at Lakkavalli, which is very near to Bhadra backwaters, they have found 43 elephants. Fifteen elephants were spotted at Tanigebylu, 10 at Muthodi range and four at Hebbe.Krishna said they are yet to receive details of the elephants, including sex ratio and number of adult, sub adult and juvenile elephants.One team, which was walking in the Lakkavalli range, has sighted two tigers.On Wednesday, the teams will walk in the transact line they have formed and count the elephants dung and its distance from the transact line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402636", "title": "Health department offers choice posting to women doctors", "text": "LUCKNOW: After UP police, the state health and family welfare department has announced choice posting for its workforce. To begin with, the orders will be effective for the female cadre. This is one of the many changes in the transfer policy for doctors that was recently finalised. There are close to 2,000 lady doctors working in state government health cadre.Another important change in the policy relates to doctors whose child is suffering from some mental disorder. They too would also be given choice posting, so that they are able to provide best treatment to their child. \"The aim is to provide a carefree working environment to the doctors, so that they can perform to the best of their capacity,\" said an officer.The transfers are to be undertaken in three phases. In a year about 15% of the work force is to be transferred. The list is to be finalised by the end of March. In case a doctor's spouse is working in a government department, then he should preferably be posted in the district where the spouse is working or in a neighbouring district.Super specialist doctors with DM or MCh qualification and doctors with less than a year of retirement should be kept away from transfer. Specialist such as plastic surgeons, neurologists, urologists, laparoscopic surgeons should be transferred to hospitals, where the infrastructure to use their skill is available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13387813", "title": "I won't make a great wife, says Priyanka Kothari", "text": "Priyanka Kothari, more famous by the name Nisha before her father made her revert to her original name, says she may be alone, but not lonely. \"I won't make a great wife, I'm too much of a loner, and I need a lot of space. The poor chap will not know what to do,\"she laughs.Piyanka , who was in Lucknow recently for a professional engagement, adds, \"If I am not working then I can keep myself busy just being with me. I read, not too much, but I'm keen on Osho - his writings are the path to my happiness. I work out a lot, watch TV... Just do my own thing. I mean, I cannot recall the last party I attended. Anyhow, it's difficult for me to approach people for work like this. If anybody wants to feature me, they will come to me.\"Perhaps this stance of Priyanka' s also works, for the Bong babe has maintained a presence, albeit low key, in both Bollywood and Southern films, ever since she started out in Bollywood with 'James' in 2005, having already done two South films earlier. \"I have just finished another South film and the post production work on my Hindi film, 'Stalker' is also complete. I'm waiting for it to release,\" informs Priyanka while stressing that contrary to rumours, she was never supposed to be a part of RGV 's latest, 'Department'.\"You know, people assume that agar RGV ki film hai toh Priyanka toh hogi hi . It's like saying RGV ki film hai toh Amitabh Bachchan toh honge hi. RGV sir has made films without Bachchan sir and he's made many more without me, so where do these assumptions come from?\" she wonders.At the same time, can Priyanka deny that she is known as RGV 's muse, we question, and after some thought, Priyanka responds, \"Oh, but how can I be anyone's muse? By definition, isn't 'muse' something that provides inspiration, an object of reverence? So, how can RGV revere me? I revere him! He is the god of filmmaking. He inspires us all; he knows the art of filmmaking and treats his people so well. Where do I stand in front of him? So no, I cannot be his muse.\"However, Priyanka agrees that the work she has done with RGV has given her greater prominence in the Hindi film industry. \"It's not that I did not venture outside his banner. I have done films like \" Bin Bulaaye Baraati \"and others that were outside his banner. But they did not do much for me,\" she says, and adds on a parting note, \"But then again, I'm keen to venture out again. If a filmmaker comes to me with a script I like and even if RGV sir is not a part of it, I will do the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13403067", "title": "Rural pockets left high &amp; dry as cities hog water supply", "text": "MUMBAI: If the state is faced with a drought-like situation almost all year round, water experts suggest it's time to rise above party politics and conce n trate on core water resource po licies and cropping patterns.\"State policies only pay lip service to equitable water distribution . They spell out water distribution for command areas (around dams and waterbodies ) and landholders, but fail to address pockets which fall outside either of these,\" says Mandar Sathe of voluntary organization Prayas that works on resource management . Experts say rural areas anyway lag behind cities where water share is concerned , and an erratic rainfall such as last year's sets them back. For instance, water utilization in cities such as Mumbai and Pune is roughly 90 litres per capita per day, compared to 40 in rural areas.Experts say rainfall hasn't decreased for nearly a century ; the perennial water crises merely refl ects poor management of water resources. Augmenting irrigation network is predictably the topmost priority as only 17% of the state is irrigated. But there is need to address rainwater harvesting, regulate borewells and change cropping patterns, they say.Renowned water expert Bharat Patankar say the state urgently needs a multipronged approach that involves completion of watershed development in a timebound manner, including village-level rainwater harvesting . \"Special funding should be given to drought-prone areas for a limited term of three years to ensure that ongoing schemes, pending for years, are completed,\" he said. The demand for this approach has incidentally come from relief and rehabilitation minister Patangrao Kadam. Take, for instance, the long-pending Tembu project, which once completed would pump life into Athpadi and Kadegaon talukas in Sangli, among the worst-hit drought-struck parts. A committee set up under planning commission member Narendra Jadhav had in 2008 also suggested piloting a form of crop insurance scheme to tackle such crises.Farm activist Vijay Jawandhia from the farm suicide belt of Vidarbha underlined the need to tackle the cropping patterns as well. He said government reports themselves had pointed out how two-third of irrigated water was lost in percolation losses.(This is the last in a series on problems affecting drought hit areas of Maharashtra)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402568", "title": "Delhi police constable murder: Forensic experts find road rage theory unconvincing", "text": "LUCKNOW: Forensic evidence has raised doubt over road rage theory in the murder of Delhi Police head constable who was shot dead in Meerut on May 15. But, given the sensitivity of the case which involves the murder of a policeman from another state, forensic experts are waiting for the laboratory reports before making any official comment about their findings.A team of forensic experts from the State Forensic Science Directorate (SFSD), Lucknow, visited the crime scene on Saturday. Led by SFSD director SB Upadhyay, the team re-constructed the sequence of events at the spot as described by constable Vivek -- the only member of the Delhi Police team who escaped unhurt in the shootout. The team used the original Wagon R car in which the DP team was moving to establish the trajectory of the bullet that passed through car's rear windscreen. The bullet, however, was not found in the car.\"The inconsistency in the statements of constable Vivek has made the investigations difficult,\" said a senior member of the forensic team. Vivek was the only member of the DP team present during the shootout. \"There are quite a few things that could not have happened had the incident taken place in the manner as described by Vivek. Still we are waiting for the lab reports of the exhibits to confirm if our observations are correct,\" the expert said.Meanwhile, a relative of Sanjeev Mallik has added to the suspicion over the veracity of the statements of Vivek. It was Vivek who lodged an FIR in connection with the incident with Kankar Khera police in Meerut. Sanjeev's brother-in-law Jitendra told the Meerut police that he had met the former on May 15 morning at Uttam Nagar in Meerut. Sanjeev was driving the Wagon R car and had given lift to Jitendra.Jitendra told the police that they reached Mohan Nagar (Ghaziabad) at around 10am where constables Vivek and Sachin were already waiting for him. Before Jitendra left the scene, Sanjeev received a call from his friend Pankaj. Jitendra said when he left Sanjeev was talking to Pankaj. However, in the FIR, it was stated that Vivek and Sachin met Sanjeev at Mohan Nagar around noon. Police sources say the call details of Sanjeev's cellphone have corroborated Jitendra's statements as true.Sanjeev, along with constables Vivek and Sachin, was reportedly on the lookout for a gang of auto-lifters in Meerut when they were confronted by miscreants in a car who blocked their way.When the cops reportedly tried to steer clear of the blockade, the car occupants opened fire at them. Sanjeev was shot in the chest and died on the spot while Sachin suffered a bullet wound.Doubts were raised after the road rage theory of Delhi Police after it was confirmed that Vivek had concealed some information related to the shootout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403416", "title": "Youth mowed down by container in Satpur", "text": "NASHIK: A 25-year old youth Zivna Khakhara (25), a youth from Uttar Pradesh, was killed in a freak accident in Satpur. According to reports, oneAccording to reports, Mahadev Zirkar had parked his container behind an Eicher a truck near EPCOS company in the Satpur MIDC. Subsequently, tThe container driver allegedly started reversing his container and Zivna Khakhara, who was sandwiched between the two heavy vehicles trucks got was crushed in the incident. The Satpur police have arrested Zirkar for death caused due to negligence causing death of Khakhara by negligence.Ambad Cop injured in road mishap: Senior inspector B A Borkar of the Ambad police Station and B A Borkar and one more person Jagdish Shetty were injured when a car that was parked hit them reportedly while they were on duty at a nakabandi near Cidco General Hospital. injuring both.The car which had been a Hyundai car parked nearby by one Arun Sakurikar, came rolling down sliding down towards Borkarthe PI injuring him along with Shetty. possibly because the hand brake had not been engaged. Meanwhile, the car, that did not had the hand brake applied, also rammed against the barricades put up at the Nakabandi. An offence has been registered against the owner of the car SakurikarAn offence against Sakurikar has been registered by the Ambad police.Husband lodges complaint against wife for 'assault': Anil Mhasu Shinde (32), resident of Thakur Plaza,Lam Road, Vihitgaon, has lodged a complaint against his wife, Savita Shinde, for assaulting him in his house.Savita Shinde had got a job with MSRTC in the Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation by claiming that she was unmarried. When Anil Shinde reported the fraudulent claim Savita Savita Shinde and twelve of her relatives 12 others from her parents' relatives allegedly assaulted Anil at home. The Shinde's are in the midst of securing a divorce.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400634", "title": "Rajya Sabha secretariat seeks criminal records of minister Mahadeo Singh Khandela", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajya Sabha secretariat on Tuesday has sought criminal records of Mahadeo Singh Khandela, Union minister of state for tribal affairs and a MP from Sikar, against whom an FIR has lodged in Sikar.After receiving the documents against the minister submitted by Balbir Bhartia, member of India Against Corruption, the Rajya Sabha secretary called on Bhartia to furnish more details of the cases mentioned by him.\"I received a call form the Rajya Sabha secretary who asked me to fax another set of documents with the details of Khandela's criminal background. I submitted these documents at least seven days back,\" said Bhartia. He had filed similar documents to the PMO, Election Commission and Lok Sabha secretariat.The minister has a long history of criminal cases, claimed Bhartia. \"Khandela was sent to judicial custody for having attacked a policeman, when he was MLA. He has many such records,\" said Bhartia.On April 18, Bhartia had also filed a complaint at Khandela police station in Sikar district, alleging that the minister and three others assaulted him while he had gone to hand over a memo, complaining against a flagship scheme of the government. He alleged that they assaulted him and also snatched the memory card of his mobile phone\". Khandela could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402655", "title": "Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission review may put central panel under scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: Lucknow Municipal Corporation's decision to rope in experts from the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur to examine the works done under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission, one of Centre's, is likely to put the centrally-appointed monitoring committee under a scanner. This is because all the works carried out in the state capital went through the monitoring of the committee appointed by the central government. And, it was on the basis of the monitoring committee's reports that funds were released by the Centre.LMC sources said that the various civic works done under the JNNURM scheme were monitored by a centrally deputed agency, Independent Regulatory Monitoring Agency (IRMA), which has been submitting its reports to the Centre regularly. At the same time, the state government too has been sending its report to the Centre on a quarterly basis. It was based on these reports that the Centre had been releasing its share of 50% for the projects that were cleared by the Centre.Municipal commissioner NP Singh confirmed that the works had undergone a \"third party inspection\" which is mandatory for the centrally-sponsored scheme. Sources said that if the IIT team finds anomalies in laying of pipes and construction of drainage networks, it would not only put the erstwhile Mayawati government in a dock, but would also expose the intricate nexus between the state and the central agencies. Singh said that the decision to rope in IIT was to ascertain if the allegations of the people about the quality of pipe lines and the overall design of the drainage network are true or not. \"We have to keep up with the sentiments of the people about the whole scheme,\" he said.This is the first time that the LMC top brass appears to have gone by the complaints of the residents of the city about civic works executed under the prestigious scheme. There have been reports of people lodging complaints about the quality of pipelines being compromised. In fact, the UP Mayor Council has been lodging its apprehensions with the Union ministry besides knocking the doors of the Prime Minister Office. But, as it appeared from day one, the complaints fell on deaf ears.LMC sources said that a team of experts from IIT may now take up the issue anytime next month. Sources said that the team will undertake a random survey of the civic works carried out in different areas of the state capital.Till now, 33 projects worth Rs 5,363.62 crore have been approved by the Centre for UP since 2007-08. For this, the Centre even released Rs 1,734.91 crore to get the projects, essentially those pertaining to laying of sewer lines, drainage and drinking water supply executed. Ironically only one project - installation of branch and lateral sewer lines in northern and western zone of Agra at an estimated cost of Rs 2,162 crore - has been completed, while the rest are still in execution stage.The Centre, according to records, had released a sum of Rs 1,081 crore. In Lucknow alone, the drainage work is being done at an estimated cost of around Rs 325 crore. Of this, only 50% have been completed. Likewise, the sewerage project worth around Rs 500 crore has also started.Reacting to the development, Samajwadi Party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that the former state government has set a record of scams, which continue to topple one after another.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402524", "title": "Bill to give more powers to Railway Protection Force passed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament on Tuesday passed a bill to provide more powers to Railway Protection Force (RPF) to check instances of theft in railways and prevent misuse of its vacant land.The Railway Property (Unlawful Possession) Amendment Bill was passed by both the Houses earlier but was sent back to Rajya Sabha for passage as the lower House had passed the bill after substitution of two words.While Rajya Sabha had cleared the bill on December 22 last year, Lok Sabha did so on May 18. The upper House on Tuesday passed it again after approving the changes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13403542", "title": "Pak books Facebook for \u2018blasphemy\u2019", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Acting on the orders of a judge, police in Islamabad, have registered a case against social networking website Facebook for hosting \"blasphemous materials\".The Margalla police station filed an FIR against Facebook and three other websites under sections 295-A and 298-A of the Criminal Procedure Code on Monday on the directions of additional sessions judge Kamran Basharat Mufti. The judge directed police to register a case in response to an application filed by the Namoos-e-Risalat Lawyers Forum.One of the complainants , lawyer Rao Abdur Rahim, told the Express Tribune that his organization had been informed in July last year that Facebook and a few other websites had been hosting \"blasphemous\" material being uploaded from Pakistan.Accepting two of the applications, judge Mufti directed Margalla police station to register an FIR against Payam TV and Facebook . He turned down the application against the US embassy.The move came a day after Pakistan briefly blocked access to Twitter for allegedly publicizing a contest for blasphemous caricatures on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13401631", "title": "Sequeira-led panel holds sway over Calangute village panchayat", "text": "MAPUSA: Tuesday's results of the elections of one of the richest panchayats in the state determined that the Joseph Pereira-led panel would rule the Calangute village panchayat yet again. The results-the counting process for which began at 8am and ended at 12pm-were declared at the Peddem sports complex.BJP workers, even with the support of Calangute MLA Michael Lobo, failed to wipe out Sequeira's dominance over the panchayat. The winning candidates are: Paulo D'Souza, Vinayak Salgaonkar, Geeta Parab, Ana Maria de Souza , Savio Gonsalves, Joseph Sequeira, Pascoal Fernandes, Jayanath Parulekar, Reshma Kalangutkar, Anny Fernandes and Filomena FernandesA jubilant Sequeira said, \"This panchayat will be development oriented. My panel has no opposition.\" He added that all the candidates-Savio Gonsalves, Reshma Kalangutkar, Anny Fernandes-had extended support to his panel.Stating that though the panchayat's budget is 4 crore, Sequeira said that he would bring about many developmental projects in the village with the \"help of the government, especially chief minister Manohar Parrikar \". He said that a modern bus stand, a sewerage line, garbage treatment plant, football stadium, cleaning of the beach, changing room for tourists and a bypass to ease traffic would be his top priorities. Six out of the 11 seats in the panchayat have been bagged by women. \"It's women power,\" Sequeira said.He refuted reports stating that there are differences between Lobo and himself. \"These reports are baseless . I will seek his help for the development of Calangute,\" Sequerira said. The Calangute panchayat elections were postponed due to irregularities in the delimitation of wards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13403025", "title": "Housewives' pay: Court throws ball in government's court", "text": "KOCHI: Discretionary power to grant monthly allowance to housewives is part of the state government's freedom in framing policies, the Kerala high court has ruled.Turning down a public interest litigation by Basil Attipetty seeking allowance of Rs 1,000 each to housewives, a division bench of acting chief justice Manjula Chellur and justice A M Shaffique held on Tuesday that the state government had the freedom to frame policies and courts could not interfere in the matter.Further, the court directed the petitioner that he may approach the social welfare department with a representation, highlighting his demand.In his petition, Basil had contended that housewives worked for around 20 hours a day but were neither being paid nor were they able to access social welfare measures as they were tied up with household work. Therefore, it was the duty of the government to come up with a special allowance for housewives.In support of the argument, the petitioner had produced newspaper reports about allowances being paid to housewives by the state governments of Goa and Uttar Pradesh.According to the petition, Kerala Women's Commission had the duty to ameliorate the conditions of housewives in Kerala, according to the National Commission for Women Act 1990 and Kerala Women's Commission Act.A news report regarding a statement made by Kerala Women's Commission chairperson K C Rosakutty that she would submit a report to the government seeking allowance for housewives was also produced in court on Tuesday.Though there were numerous provisions in law with regard to protection of the rights of women in India, monetary assistance from the government to needy and deserving women only would empower the purchasing power of women and would be a great relief to them, the petition stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13403157", "title": "Summer spell to stay till July 1, when rains hit Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Monsoon is likely to be arrive in the city on July 1, according to the meteorological department. Going by the Indian met department's (IMD) report, the monsoon would reach Kerala on June 1, based on which the Chandigarh met department has given July 1 as the tentative date for the arrival of monsoon in Chandigarh. The department said that this is the normal date for the onset of monsoon.According to IMD reports, the onset of southwest monsoon over Kerala signals the arrival of monsoon over the Indian subcontinent. It reaches Maharashtra around a week after its arrival in Kerala.\"The monsoon would strike the coast of Kerala on June 1 and it takes 30 days to reach Chandigarh,\" said Surender Pal, director, Chandigarh met department.\"If everything goes well after June 1 and weather conditions remain normal, the monsoon would reach the city on July 1. This is the usual date for the arrival of monsoon,\" added another official from the department. The monsoon is expected to be normal this year.Last year, it arrived in the third week of June thus bringing early relief from the burning heat. This year too city residents are wishing for the monsoon to reach soon. However, the met department has predicted a rise in temperature in the coming few days.Sahil Kapoor, a resident of Sector 23 said, \"It is quite hot and I am awaiting the monsoon to cool things down.\" Neha Sharma, a resident of Sector 40 said, \"The temperature should remain the same as in the mornings and evenings as that is still tolerable.\"But for now residents should gird up to face the heat, as the temperature is once again expected to reach 41 degrees celsius on Wednesday. Before this, the temperature had reached this mark on May 10. Afterwards due to thunderstorms and light showers, the temperature came down and started fluctuating. According to the met department, this fluctuation is not going to have an impact on the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13401896", "title": "Pregnant woman commits suicide", "text": "KALYAN: A pregnant woman committed suicide by setting herself ablaze in Kalyan allegedly due to dowry harassment.The deceased, Pooja Singh (27), who was seven months pregnant, died of burn injuries on Sunday night. Pooja's father, Ranjeet Singh, has lodged a complaint alleging that his daughter committed suicide due to dowry harassment.According to police, Pooja's husband Praveen, mother-in-law Shantidevi and four others had been allegedly demanding Rs 2 lakh. \"She was thrown out of the house and was not allowed to take her two-year-old daughter,\" the complainant alleged. Kolsewadi police have registered a case against Praveen Singh, Virendra (father-in-law), Shantidevi (mother -in-law), Gudiya (sister-in-law), Dimple (sister-in-law) and Beby (sister-in-law).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400632", "title": "Nagpur rural cops crack down on quacks", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur rural police, following a spate of complaints from remote places about quacks, have now started the cracking down on persons putting lives of vulnerable small town residents to risk. Their local crime branch has started random raids at various places under different police stations in the district.They mainly target the mafias operating gambling and liquor dens, but has also busted several rackets of black-marketing of essential commodities like kerosene. The special squad has also raided brothels. Now it has started acting against the frauds posing as qualified doctors. On Monday, the squad under sub-inspector Arvind Saraf raided a private hospital at Umrer. The cops had sent a decoy patient before raiding the premises. The so-called doctor in question agreed to administer injections and prescribe medicines to the police informer. It has come to fore that the same 'doctor' was booked in 2006 but was subsequently acquitted.PSI Saraf said the so-called doctor seemed to be an expert in an unconventional stream of medicine but still was prescribing allopathic drugs. \"We have sent the documents about his qualifications and copies of the hospital's registrations to the Medical Council of India and health department in Mumbai. The decision to register a case against him would depend on the replies from the Council,\" said Saraf. He added that someone's acquittal in a previous case does not give him immunity in the future.Superintendent of police, Nagpur rural, Manoj Sharma said a sustained drive against the bogus medical practitioner was started as there were complaints from different places. \"We are looking forward to more raids on shady clinics and unauthorized hospitals,\" he said. Sharma had initiated action against a number of police station in-charges after the crime branch teams busted illegal activities in their jurisdiction. Sharma said he had issued a strict instructions to his police station in-charges against allowing operation of unauthorized medical practitioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13407042", "title": "ECB wants DRS in India-England Test series: Report", "text": "LONDON: England and Wales Cricket Board has written to the BCCI , asking for the implementation of Decision Review System during England's four-match Test series later this year, though it was not optimistic of the Indian Board agreeing to it, a media report said on Wednesday.India have strongly resisted the use of the DRS because of their senior players' doubts over its accuracy and it was not used when the two teams met in England last summer.A report in the 'Daily Telegraph' said that \"the ECB has written to the Indian Board, asking for the implementation of the DRS during the Test series (beginning November 15).\"\"But insiders at the ECB privately concede that attempts to persuade their Indian counterparts to employ it will be futile ahead of the Test series, which starts in Ahmedabad on November 15,\" the report said.\"England believe the decision review system benefits their attack, particularly Graeme Swann ,\" it said.According to the report, England regard the tour of India as important as an Ashes series, a view underlined with the inclusion of three warm-up matches in the itinerary mirroring their last trip to Australia.\"(Coach) Andy Flower acknowledged his team's long break after the English summer last year could have contributed to their poor performances in the Emirates (against Pakistan). The itinerary for the India trip shows he is attempting to avoid a repeat of that mistake,\" the report said.England will spend three days at a training camp at the ICC's Global Cricket Academy in Dubai before flying to India for their first warm-up match in Mumbai on October 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401479", "title": "Excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana to face CBI on today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Excise minister Mopidevi Venkata Ramana will appear before the CBI on Wednesday to explain the alleged large-scale irregularities in the Vanpic deal that boasted of constructing two ports in Guntur and Prakasam districts and an industrial corridor between both the districts with the help of the state of Ras Al Khaimah, an emirate of the UAE .Ramana was the minister for ports when the Vanpic deal was inked.The probe agency has already quizzed him once on the Vanpic deal.After ascertaining certain key information from Nimmagadda Prasad, the promoter of the project, and his associates including bureaucrat K V Brahmananda Reddy and Navayuga engineering group chairman C Visweswara Rao, the CBI is now readying itself to quiz the minister armed with the fresh inputs.The CBI has charged Nimmagadda with providing 65% stake in the construction of port project through the back-door method.Entities like Navayuga otherwise would have had to compete in the open bidding process to gain such huge contracts, the CBI said.Meanwhile, the CBI court on Tuesday returned to the investigation agency the third chargesheet it had filed in the Jagan assets case citing certain technical mistakes and asked the agency to submit it again after rectifying the same.The court also permitted the Enforcement Directorate (ED) to take copies of the supplementary chargesheet and other relevant documents the CBI filed against Y Srilakshmi, the IAS officer who is currently in jail, as an accused in the illegal mining case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13405767", "title": "Mika wants more money for Rikshhit Matta\u2019s fim", "text": "After recording a song Billo Di Aakhan for debutant director Rikshhit Matta's Mr Money, Mika refused to shoot for it unless he was paid an extra Rs 10 lakh.A source from the unit revealed how the singer failed to turn up at Vrindavan Studio in Madh Island on Friday. The other actors Krishna Abhishek and Lovely Noronah kept waiting for him along with choreographer Raju Khan. Tired of waiting, when the producers called Mika up after three hours, the singer demanded extra money.When contacted producer Anand Gupta said, \"When we recorded the song, Mika promised to feature in it. On the day of the shoot, we received a message from him saying that the song is nonsensical and he doesn't want to be a part of it. In fact, he asked for an additional Rs 10 lakh to be featured in the song.\"However, being a new comer, the producer has decided against taking legal action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13402995", "title": "House burgled in Alappuzha", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Thieves stole Rs 25, 000 and 7 sovereign of gold from a house within Alappuzha South Police Station limits in the wee hours of Tuesday.The police said that thieves entered the house after breaking the back door of Rehim, Thaiparambil house, HP Padom Colony, near Ershad Mosque.\"The burglars stole the money and gold ornaments from the almiraha of the house. We have registered a case and a hunt for the culprits is on,\" the police said.The dog squad and finger print experts inspected the spot and collected evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13402952", "title": "Passengers shut Hazaribag railway counter after tatkal row", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Angry passengers forced the railway authorities to close the only reservation counter here on Tuesday after their wait for eight to 10 hours to get \"tatkal\" tickets proved futile as the tickets were allegedly sold to touts.The mob allegedly attacked the railway employees of the Dhanbad division of the East Central Railway for allegedly selling the tickets at higher prices to the touts by ignoring all the genuine passengers waiting outside.The rush for tickets has increased manifold after Class X and XII results were declared and the residents want their children to take to big cities for admission. The closure of educational institution for summer vacation has also increased the rush.But everyday people are returning from the counters without booking tickets because of alleged black marketing of tickets by the employees in connivance with the touts.The trouble began on Tuesday when the railway clerks allegedly asked some touts to come inside the office and handed over them the tickets instead of the passengers waiting outside for hours. The waiting crowd started shouting slogans against the railway employees and forced the closure of the counter. The booking offices lacks all amenities including non-availability of drinking water and toilets.Police team headed by the officer in charge of Hazaribag Sadar police station Abhash Kumar reached the spot. Seeing police, the railway employees fled the spot. Deputy commissioner later contacted the senior deputy commercial manager Neeraj Kumar of Dhanbad division who assured him of action.The DC said the officials agreed in principle to provide advantage to the women passengers, students and senior citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13403558", "title": "Now, you can control your dreams", "text": "LONDON: In an invention straight out of a science fiction movie, makers of a new sleeping mask claim its users can have lucid dreams that they can control.While it may look like a standard sleeping mask, 'Remee' has been billed as a special REM (Rapid Eye Movement ) enhancing device that is supposed to help steer the sleeper into lucid dreaming by making the brain aware that it is dreaming.The goal of the product is to allow people to have the dreams of their choice, from driving a race car to flying to having lunch with Abraham Lincoln.The futuristic invention is the brainchild of Duncan Frazier and Steve McGuigan, both aged 30, from New York, who have started a company named Bitbanger Labs, the Daily Mail reported. The two friends put up their project on the crowd funding website with the goal of raising $35,000. By this week, more than 6,550 people pledged $572,891 to fund 'Remee' .The inside of the sleeping mask features a series of six red LED lights that are too faint to wake the sleeper up, but visible enough for the brain to register them.The lights can be programmed to produce a sequence designed by the user.Sleep stages are divided into two main categories: non-REM and REM. People go back and forth between these stages throughout the night, with REM stages, where most dreaming occurs, lasting the longest towards morning. 'Remee' apparently notices these longer REM stages and 'enters' the dream via flashing lights. The device will wait for four to five hours for the sleeper to get into heavy REM stages before the lights turn on.The idea is simple: you are playing a perfect round of golf in a dream, and you see a pattern of red lights flashing in the distance. Because the pattern is in a particular sequence , it would signal to you that you are dreaming.Once you realize you are in a dream, you can then decide what happens next, be it a quick trip to Antarctica or time travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402589", "title": "'India lacks a good brand ambassador for biodiversity'", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to save biodiversity, there is a need to have a good biodiversity ambassador. India, however, lacks a good brand ambassador as far as biodiversity is concerned. The views were expressed by Syed Ajmal Khan, from the Centre for Advanced Biology, Annamalai University, who was the chief guest of a national conference organised by the state biodiversity board to celebrate the International Biodiversity Day on Tuesday.Speaking on the occasion, Khan said, \"Nearly 70% of the modern medicine comes from biodiversity. Marine biodiversity is a great source of protein. The sea is a source of bacteria useful as antibiotics. At least 100 grams of fish is equal to 155 gm of egg or 285 gm of rice.\"\"The common salt that we eat comes from the oceans. Over 50% of the oxygen that we breathe comes from the oceans and the oceans are a sink of carbon dioxide also,\" said Rajesh Kumar Singh, chairman of the board.Speaking at the Ram Manohar Lohia National Law University (RMLNLU), where the conference was organised, Pawan Kumar, secretary, forests said that year 2012 is especially important for India, as the country is to host Conference of Parties (COP-11) of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) this year in Hyderabad.Besides, 2012 is also the 20th anniversary of the Rio Conference on environment and development. Others present were JS Asthana, principal chief conservator of forest, Balraj Chauhan, vice-chancellor, RMLNLU and JK Jena, National Bureau of Fish Genetic Resources. A souvenir titled 'marine biodiversity - one ocean, many forms of life' was released on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13402390", "title": "Land scam: Lokayukta indicts Karnataka Housing Board official", "text": "DHARWAD: The Lokayukta, which probed into allegations of irregularities in land acquisition by the Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) in Dharwad, has held the KHB executive engineer guilty of misusing his position for personal gain.The then DGP of CID D V Guruprasad in his letter dated 30 December 2010 to the Deputy Registrar, Enquries-1, the Lokayukta has stated that KHB executive engineer (Hubli division) Vijaykumar Kakkaiah had connived with middlemen in acquiring land for KHB from farmers.This had resulted in loss of revenue to the government to the tune of Rs 4.5 crore besides loss to farmers.The Upa Lokayukta in his order has recently held Vijaykumar Kakkaiah guilty of misuse of power and has recommended disciplinary action against him.The Upa Lokayukta has also directed recovery of money from the officer to compensate the loss incurred to the government exchequer.Former corporator Iresh Anchatageri and others had petitioned Karnataka Lokayukta seeking an inquiry into the land acquisition in survey number 7-49 in Hiremalligawad village of Dharwad taluk alleging irregularities. He had complained that the KHB official had purchased land from middlemen instead of buying directly from the farmers who owned the land.Anchatageri also alleged that the KHB official had not informed the farmers about the price decided by the district land purchase committee headed by the deputy commissioner and had also not invited farmers to the meeting where the price was fixed at Rs 5.75 lakh per acre.The KHB had notified acquisition of 3,000 acres at Hiremalligawad. The CID report stated that the middlemen had in connivance with the KHB official had managed to get the power of attorney from the farmers after paying them Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 2 lakh per acre and then sold the same land to KHB for Rs 5.75 lakh per acre.\"Thus the farmers have been deprived of their due share\", the CID report had said. Of the 206 acres and six guntas purchased at Hiremalligawad and three other villages, 84 acres and 21 guntas had been purchased from middlemen, the report added.The allegation was that the KHB executive engineer did not publish the details of land acquisition in local newspapers while he leaked the information to the middlemen enabling them to purchase the land or get general power of attorney for the sale of land much before the actual acquisition process started.The report stated that the probe had confirmed this allegation. MP Prahlad Joshi who had taken up the issue with the Lokayukta held discussion with the farmers whose lands have been acquired following the CID report.He had tried to convince the farmers that each land loser would be given a site measuring 33X33 ft for each acre of the land acquired.However, the farmers had rejected this proposal and demanded additional compensation in cash.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401408", "title": "CBI probe into housing society demanded", "text": "HYDERABAD: A large section of Telangana employees have demanded a CBI probe into the activities of Telangana Non-Gazetted Officers' (TNGOs) Mutually Aided Co-Operative Housing Society, headed by political JAC convenor and TNGO president K Swamy Goud.The aggrieved NGOs under the banner of Joint Struggle Committee of the unions of Telangana officers, employees, teachers and workers alleged on Tuesday that a probe by cooperative department joint registrar N Kiranmayi had revealed serious irregularities in the functioning of the society under the leadership of Goud. The state government had ordered an inquiry based on the directions from high court a few months ago.Demanding the state government to initiate criminal proceedings against Goud, struggle committee secretary-general I Venkatesam claimed that the 1,000-page report revealed that plots were allotted to 776 ineligible members, including non-Telangana officials. The state government had allotted 160 acres of land to the TNGO housing society in 2003.Putting up a strong defence, TNGO housing society secretary Mujib said they would respond only after studying the report. He alleged that certain officers conspired to malign their president Swamy Goud as he was an active member of the political JAC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13403167", "title": "Cuts giving Chandigarh residents sleepless nights", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Power played truant once again on Monday night, giving residents a hard time. There was no respite from power cuts on Tuesday as well. Along with this, the residents had to deal with low water pressure on Tuesday morning. In certain areas like sectors 47 and 48, electricity was snapped around Monday midnight and could be restored only in the wee hours. Other sectors including 19, 27, 28 and 35 too faced frequent outages on Monday night.On Tuesday power cuts were seen in sectors 7, 11, 26, 27, 28, 45 and Industrial Area-phase I. The more affected areas were sectors 27, 28 and 45. In sectors 27 and 28, a power cut was imposed from 10am to 2pm on Tuesday, whereas in Sector 45 there was a power cut from 10am to 4pm.The power breakdown on Monday night gave people a sleepless night. Sunanda Mishra, a resident of Sector 47 rued that her child could not sleep because of the power failure. \"I can understand that there is no light but my one-year-old child kept crying the whole night,\" she said.Power supply was snapped in Sector 47-C and D between midnight and 4am on the intervening night of Monday and Tuesday, forcing many people to sleep on their terraces and balconies.Ajay Kumar, a resident of Sector 48 said that he waited for two hours for the electricity to come, but when that did not happen he went to the terrace with his family and slept there. Jaspreet Singh, a resident of Sector 48 said,\"I have heard about electricity going off in villages at night and then resuming only in the morning. And when the light went at 12 midnight on Monday night and was restored in the morning, it felt as though I was living in a village.\"Along with the power cuts, people had to cope with water shortage too in many sectors of the city. Veena Khurana, a resident of Sector 38 said that she has to get up early in the morning at 4 for storing water. She says if she gets up at 6am, she finds it difficult to fill up even a single utensil as the water pressure is very low.Supriya Sharma, a resident of Sector 35 said that she is thinking of renting a room on the ground floor as living on the second floor is difficult as fresh water doesn't reach there. Davesh Moudgil, a councillor who also represents sectors 47 and 48 said he would take up the issue of frequent power breakdowns with the administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403385", "title": "Abacus competition in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Schoolkids of the city will test their mental and analytical skills in Conquest 2012, an abacus competition to be held at the Netaji Indoor Stadium from 11am onwards on May 26. The event will be organized by AACUS Educations, in association with The Times of India.It will be supported by Oxford Paper Products Pvt Ltd, Human Welfare Credit and Thrift Cooperative Society Ltd. The outdoor partner will be Accord Advertising while Radio Mirchi will be the radio partner.Around 3,000 students - aged between four and 14 years - from more than 500 schools in eastern India will participate in the contest. The test will be conducted by more than 150 course instructors.\"The duration of the test will be around 5 minutes and can stretch to a maximum of 10 minutes. Apart from testing the mental and analytical skills of a child, it will also help the parent gauge the potential of their children,\" said AACUS Educations president Partha Mukhopadhay.First three rankholders will be awarded along with participating mementos (across all the levels). It will be followed by performances of Mir and Anupam Roy will perform at the event. Eminent personalities will grace the occasion to encourage the young learners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402689", "title": "Kannauj to elect its new MP on June 24", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Election Commission (EC) announced on Tuesday that the by-election to Kannauj Lok Sabha seat will be held on June 24.Announcing the schedule, chief electoral officer Umesh Sinha said that the polling for the seat would be held between 7.00 am to 5.00 pm on June 24 and the counting would be taken up on June 27. The notification for the by-poll would be out on May 30 and the last date for filing nominations is June 6 and after scrutiny the next day, the last date for withdrawal of nominations is on June 9, he said.The Commission also announced that the model code of conduct would come into force with immediate effect in the district(s) in which the whole or any part of the Lok Sabha constituency going for by-election is included. The by-election was necessitated after chief minister Akhilesh Yadav resigned from the Kannauj parliamentary seat following his taking over as the chief minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13400461", "title": "5 years on, multi-level car parks remain on paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: Continuing uncertainty over the fate of numerous parking projects has become a cause of concern for not only vehicle users but also the city's planners. While there are plans to raise parking fees in the city, only one of the 41 multi-level parking projects conceived by the erstwhile Municipal Corporation of Delhi has been made operational so far, and work on 24 is yet to start.\"The ruling BJP tried to gain political mileage by inaugurating unfinished projects but the ground reality is that nobody knows when the parking lots will be made operational. In the past nine months, the corporation has done little. Only 2% work has been done at the parking lot in Pitampura Q-block in nine months. Last September, the project's status report showed 2% work done and now the status stands at 4%. Meanwhile, the project cost has increased by 50%,\" said Farhad Suri, leader of the opposition in South Delhi Municipal Corporation.The 41 sites would have created space for 17,000 vehicles, but all that the corporation has added in these five years is space for 90 cars. The multi-level automated parking at Kamla Nagar has missed two deadlines in five years. \"Even if the parking lots are running late, there should be information boards at the construction sites stating the date of groundbreaking, first deadline and the latest deadline,\" said Meghraj Chandela, another Congress councillor.But municipal officials accuse agencies like Delhi Jal Board and Archeological Survey of India (ASI) for holding up parking projects by delaying permissions. \"We face a lot of problems in shifting DJB pipelines, getting clearances from the forest department, the ASI and other agencies, and also in the tendering process. Some projects had to be cancelled, as shifting of services was not feasible,\" said an official.The six automated parking lots conceived on 'public-private partnership basis' stand only on paper. The project, finalized in 2008, is yet to take off. Suri alleged that the deliberative wing of the MCD tampered with the tendering procedure and some 'preferred' companies were given the project.\"After the tenders were floated in 2008, the corporation did receive quotations but after BJP intervened, the tenders were floated again and some other company was given the contract. The work on four of these six parking lots is yet to start,\" claimed Suri. These four automated parking lots are located in GK-I, South Extension-I and II, Defence Colony and Rani Bagh.The newly formed South Corporation is proposing to form an expert committee that will include officials from the transport department, the corporation and RWA members to deal with the parking problem. \"Parking has become a burning issue. With the help of the expert committee, we can identify more parking sites and in return the corporation can boost its revenue under the non-plan head,\" said Ashish Sood, a BJP councillor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13403009", "title": "State police will have to tough it out in Jan 2013", "text": "KOCHI: January 2013 is going to be toughest month for the state police. With the international ODI between India and England slated to be held on January 15 at the Jawaharlal Nehru stadium in Kaloor, the police will have to devise a major action plan for its smooth conduct, as they also need to focus on the famous Makaravillakku festival at Sabarimala on January 14.Though the police will be focusing more on Makaravillakku, considering the past tragedies that have occurred at the hill shrine, they will be forced to put in place a tight security arrangement for the ODI due to heightened threat perception to ODIs from terrorist organizations.\"We are equipped to handle the toughest situations. We have enough strength. The state police will chalk out appropriate measures to provide fool proof arrangements for the Makaravillakku festival and the ODI,\" said director general of police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose.\"We will be having certain issues due to the date announced for the ODI. But the police do not want to become a party spoiler,\" he added.While the required deployment for ODI of around 3,000 police personnel for its smooth conduct, around 5,000 police personnel including 1,500 civil police officers are deployed for the Makaravillakku festival for traffic regulation and crowd management at Sabarimala and nearby places.According to police officials, traffic regulation on the ODI day in Kochi is going to be the toughest challenge. \"There will be heavy traffic from Sabarimala after the festival. These vehicles along with those of cricket fans coming from various places are going to create a chaotic situation. Cops will have to devise advance measures to control the flow of traffic to the city,\" said an official.January 2013 is going to be toughest month for the state police. With the Bannouncing January 15 as the date for the international ODI between India and England at Jawaharlal Nehru stadium at Kaloor, the state police have to devise a major action plan for the smooth conduct of the match as the police have to focus on the famous Makaravillakku festival at Sabarimala which is on January 14.Though police will be focusing more on Makaravillakku considering the past tragedies that occurred at the hill shrine, they will be forced to put in place a tight security arrangement for the ODI due to heightened threat perception to ODIs from terrorist organisations.\"We are equipped to handle any toughest situation. We have enough strength. The state police will chalk out appropriate measures to provide fool proof arrangements for the Makaravillakku festival and the ODI,\" said Director General of Police (DGP) Jacob Punnoose.\"We will be having certain issues due to the date announced for the ODI. But police do not want to become a party spoiler,\" the DGP added.While the ODI required deployment of around 3000 police personnel for its smooth conduct, around 5000 police personnel including 1500 civil police officers are deployed for the Makaravillakku festival for traffic regulation and crowd management at Sabarimala and nearby places.According to police officials, traffic regulation on the ODI day in Kochi is going to be the toughest challenge for the police. \"There will be heavy flow of vehicles coming from Sabarimala after the Makaravillaku festival. These vehicles along with the vehicles of cricket fans coming from various parts of the state are going to create a chaotic situation in the city. Police will have to devise advance measures to control the flow of traffic to the city,\" the officials added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401523", "title": "Contract teachers hold dharna", "text": "PANAJI: Around 150 government primary contract teachers held a dharna outside the chief minister's official residence demanding renewal of their contracts.The teachers had earlier gathered at the secretariat and later proceeded to the CM's residence.Over 300 teachers from across the state who were teaching English in government primary schools during the previous academic year are out of contract since the end of the academic year.One of the teachers told TOI that \"if our contract is not renewed we will (be unemployed and) have to sit at home.\"Later, a delegation led Sudir Kesarkar, president of the Trained Graduate Contract English Teachers Association met Manohar Parrikar . Kesarkar said Parrikar had told the delegation that he was not going to renew the contracts but that fresh interviews would be conducted in June.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401364", "title": "Noor Khan Bazaar: Last in water supply line left thirsty", "text": "HYDERABAD: 'First come first served' is seemingly the motto the Water Board follows. For, the residents of Noor Khan Bazaar in the Old City are the last to be drawing water from the Mir Alam tank supply line. Being at the end of the queue has its disadvantages, erratic or no water supply being one of them.Residents say that the acute water crisis started with the onset of summer and that most of the bore-wells have dried up due to little or no ground water recharging. Compounding their woes is the fact that some areas, especially near Maiman Colony near Lal Mitti ki Dargah in Noor Khan Bazaar haven't received any water supply last week.Cloth merchant Mohammed Kareem says, \"It has been a week since we received water from the supply line. Most bore-wells between 150 feet and 200 feet depth have dried up too.\"In spite of the efforts of the residents to tackle the situation, any help from the authorities is rare. Mohammed Rafe, another resident of Noor Khan Bazaar says, \"My area receives water from 8 am to 10 am. But supply has been erratic. Sometimes we get water at 5 am when we're not even awake and there is no way we can store it. \"Residents say that Noor Khan Bazaar division corporator has been pressurising the authorities to address their water grievances and has even arranged for water tankers on many occasions. But they rue that no permanent solution can be found as long as they remain at the end of the supply line.Mirza Riyaz-ul-Hasan Effendi, corporator, Noor Khan Bazaar division said that several representations to the Water Board have been made but authorities have asked for more time. \"I have been supplying the area with water from tankers. The only way to tackle this problem is by constructing a water tank at the Bal Shetty Khet playground. We have approached Pasha Quadri, MLA, Charminar for this and work will start soon. We will ensure that residents don't face a similar situation next summer.\"However, residents point out that the construction of the water tank at the Bal Shetty Khet has been in the pipeline for around three years. \"Pillars have been erected but work has been abandoned. This is a perennial problem and we need an immediate solution,\" a resident said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13403180", "title": "Checking traffic violations with Facebook", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Electronic social media has given residents strength, with their activism on traffic violations being taken note of as is evident from the number of traffic slips (challans) issued by cops while responding to complaints posted over a social networking site.Chandigarh traffic police has its account on Facebook where residents can post information about any traffic violation they come across.Over 3,600 slips have been issued in just 11 months by the traffic police through this medium. Though initially it started on a slower pace, now around 400 to 500 slips are issued on an average every month.\"The number of challans done in response to the complaints by residents on the social networking site are increasing every month. We closely scrutinize the link (posted by the residents) to ascertain the vehicle registration number and the identity of the violator. Only when we are sure about the violation, do we issue a challan,\" said Harinder Singh Sekhon, in charge of the Facebook department of the Chandigarh police.He added, \"Though it started on a slower pace, now there are times when the number of monthly challans is over 500 and this number is increasing every day. Initially there were people playing pranks but now such things have been reduced. We now have more serious followers.\"Maximum numbers of challans issued through the social networking site are related to not wearing helmets, crossing zebra-crossings, jumping red lights and talking over the cell phone while driving. Chandigarh police's account on the social networking site was created in June 2011 to bridge the communication gap between police and local residents.\"It is an effective tool in our hands. Whenever I find any motorist violating a traffic norm, I try to take a photo and then post it on the traffic police' account on the social networking site. A couple of times, it has worked and violators were issued challans,\" said Chetan Moudgil, who is an avid user of the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13402392", "title": "2 stabbed over petty issue", "text": "HUBLI: Two persons were stabbed over a petty issue at Jalagar Oni in Unkal area here on Sunday night. Siddappa Kattimani and Laxman Kattimani were allegedly stabbed by five of their relatives: Santosh Kattimani, Ambaji Kattimani, Eerappa Kattimani, Kakappa Kattimani and Ganesh Kattimani, also residents of Jalagar Oni.A quarrel ensued among them when Siddappa's children went to play in front of the house of the accused. Vidyanagar police have arrested the five accused. The injured are being treated at a hospital. A case has been registered with Vidyanagar police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13403559", "title": "Indian trader goes missing in China", "text": "BEIJING: An Indian trader went missing in eastern China's Yiwu city raising fears that he could have been abducted by local businessmen over a dispute. Earlier, two Indian businessmen were abducted and kept in illegal custody in Yiwu. Indian embassy officials have asked local authorities to find the trader. They received complaints from the trader's mother, who lives in Mumbai.Sketchy information reaching the embassy suggests he was taken away from a local restaurant on the night of May 19. He was on a temporary visa. The embassy did not release his name for security reasons. On Monday, the embassy had issued advisory asking Indian businessmen to be careful in their dealings in Yiwu as their \"freedom of movement could be curtailed\" if they get embroiled in legal dispute with local traders.The Chinese foreign ministry on Tuesday reacted to the advisory saying it would affect bilateral economic exchanges between the two countries. The case involving two Indian traders, released by abductors last January, took a new turn after two Chinese businessmen filed cases against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403470", "title": "Burglary at Satpur home", "text": "NASHIK: Jewellery and cash worth all amounting to Rs 40,000 were stolen from the home of in a house break-in that took place at the residence ofSudhir Bhimashankar Ugle of Ashtavinayak Row House, ITI Link Road. According to reports ,The burglary reportedly occurred between May 14-21 when took place the owner of the house Sudhir Bhimashankar Ugle was out of town. station from May 14 to May 21 when the break-in occurred. TheUnidentified burglars decamped with stole away the jewellery and cash kept that was kept inside the home. inside the house.Car rams into five road workers: Five injured in road accidentFive people working on a road at divider on a road near Jatra hotel were injured when a speeding car ran rammed into them. Lalji Verma lodged a complaint with the Adgaon police alleging that the car was speeding. In a complaint lodged at Adgaon Police Station by one Lalji Verma of Adgaon, he said that the speeding WagonR car hit them when they were doing the work of the divider near Jatra Hotel.The Adgaon police have noted down the car registration number given by the complainant. taken down the car number from the complainant.Motor Bikes stolenTwo Hero Hondo motorcycles worth Rs 10,000 and Rs 30,000 were stolen from residential locations inPanchavati and Nashik Road respectively. TNNPolice complaints have been lodged in regard to both incidents.from residential locations. A Hero Honda bike worth Rs 10,000 was stolen from the parking lot of Sarvasiddhi apartments, Krushna Nagar, Panchavati, on May 17.Anvesh Mahavir Prasad, resident of the said apartment said that the bike got stolen from the parking area of his residential building on the night of May 17. The Panchavati Police are investigating the case.Another Hero Honda bike worth Rs 35,000 was stolen from Karva Bhavan, Nashik Road. The owner of the bike Kaushik Karva of Karva Bhavan said that the bike got stolen on May 20 between 8 pm and 10 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13407660", "title": "Fulfil your last wish on this social network", "text": "A software development company based in India has launched a new social network dubbed 'My Last wish' to help fulfill the ultimate dreams of the people who are dying.'My last wish' is available as an app and has been designed to help people meet others who are also dying but have similar hopes and aspirations which they wish to achieve before they die, the Telegraph reported.The free app's description in Apple's App Store, created by a software company called White Lotus Corporation, says: \"A social networking application to make friendship wit those unknown people from corners of the world with different ethnicity, culture, traditions, value systems, life style and much more - but having only one thing in common and that is the 'Last Wish'.\"\"By this application we have tried to unite the community on the 'wish wall' to share their last wish with the world and find out those people with similar wishes before they die, get connected to them and be friends forever.\"Users of the app, called 'fellow wishers', are asked to post their final wishes on the 'wish wall' and choose whether to attach their email or phone number so that other users who want to do the same thing, can get in touch.'Fellow wishers' can tap on a user's name and their contacts will be immediately added to their phonebook and also they can opt to receive notifications when people write wishes on the wall.\"I believed in the possibility that there can be two persons in this world with same hopes, dreams and wishes,\" Kirtan Thaker, who co founded the White Lotus Corporation, told technology site Mashable .\"I was confident that if we create an app where this possibility can be turned into reality, people will love this concept and they will get a chance to make friends who are unknown but having just one thing in common which is the last wish.\" Thaker added.The app is only available on Apple's iOS but an Android version will be released soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403569", "title": "Education department rubbishes school's claims", "text": "NASHIK: In its three-page explanation in reply to the notice served by the education authorities on Rasbihari International School (RIS), the school management refuted all charges leveled against it and justified the fee hike. The school expressed its displeasure against the parents' complaints to the education officer on May 15. Even as the school claimed that on December 20, 2011, a letter for approval of the headmistress and teachers was sent to the Nashik Municipal Corporation's education department, the latter said that they did not get any such letter of approval.Education officer Nitin Upasani said the department also did not approve the list of teaching and non-teaching staff and the headmistress of the school as it claimed. \"We also did not receive any report about the salaries of the staff,\" he said.The letter mentioned that on October 15, 2011, the hike in fees was unanimously decided by the Parents and Teachers Association (PTA), but the members of the PTA said that they were just informed about the fee hike. Upasani said that according to the rules, after the fee structure has been decided, the proposal is sent to the education department for approval, but the department did not receive any such proposal.Parents have refuted claims that a notice for the election of the PTA was put up and the election conducted on July 23, 2011, where 14 members were elected unopposed. \"Even if a notice was put up, there was no election. Also, as per the rules, a member cannot be repeated in the next year's PTA, but one lady has been a member four times. When we asked other members, they said that the forms were sent home,\" said S K Jain, a parent.When a member of the PTA was contacted, she admitted on condition of anonymity that members simply filled up forms and that the PTA members had only been informed about the fee hike. Parents have also rubbished claims of the school that no other amount apart from the fee is charged from students. They said that they are charged extra according to extracurricular activities. \"Bus services cost Rs 810 is charged for bus service, and per term Rs 200 is charged,\" they said.Upasani said that under no circumstance can the school raise the fees on their own. \"They have not submitted any audit report, teachers' salary sheet and other expenses. If they do not comply with the norms, we will issue a notice for cancellation of the school's sanction and will forward it to the deputy director of education,\" he said.About Rasbihari International SchoolRasbihari International School (RIS) was founded by the Kisanlalji Sarda Trust in 1994. It is located on a five-acre campus along the Mumbai-Agra national highway, about six kilometre from Nashik, towards Ozar. The school is authorized by the Switzerland-based International Baccalaureate Organization to run its Primary Years Programme from Class I to VI. From Class VII to X, the school follows the state board curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401958", "title": "Deadly strain of malaria loses sting", "text": "MUMBAI: The incidence of malaria's more serious strain P falciparum had dipped by 75% in the city last year as compared to 2010, said civic officials on Wednesday.The observation was made by a National Institute of Malaria Research (NIMR) team that was in the city to study the control measures.Falciparum malaria causes the red blood cells to deplete fast and can also prove fatal within hours of affecting the patient. State health department's figures show that while the incidence of falciparum in the city was as high as 21.1% in 2009-10, it had come down to 15.6% in 2010-11 and further down to 9% in 2011-12.NIMR deputy director Ashwani Kumar said, \"Falciparum malaria is treated with an artesunate-based combination therapy for three days, which is effective.\" The civic chief will hold a meeting about the control measures before the monsoon. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13403352", "title": "Putting their life in danger, tourists throng Beas banks", "text": "MANALI: Hundreds of tourists visiting Kullu-Manali are having fun alongside the beautiful banks of Beas river at the cost of their lives. Tourists, who underestimate the flow of water in the river, are getting too close to the main stream to get themselves clicked, not realizing that one wrong step may cost them deer.The white, crystal-clear and high velocity flow of river Beas, which runs along the road between Mandi and Manali, attracts attentions of all tourists. Hundreds of travellers could be seen dipping their feet into the river waters after parking their cars on the highway all the day. River water is one of the main attractions for tourist. Be it couples, families or youths, all want to touch the river and nobody is there to warn them against the rising and decreasing level of the river.The speedy flow of river has killed many innocent tourists in recent times. Photographers become the main victims of the river, which looks calm at the first sight but in actual could defeat even a trained swimmer. Beas flows at a sharp gradient and has enough depth to pull a good built person with its inner whirlpools. According to local police, Beas does not kill its victims by drowning them into its waters but the victim dies when the sharp flow of water slams him against under-water rocks. As the temperature of water remaining close to freezing point round the year, it cripples the person coming into its grip.Beas has several hydro electricity power projects built on its tributaries, which stores and occasionally release water from their reservoirs and thus water level in the river rises and decreases rapidly. Last month two youths crossed the river and reached an island near Rangri to take photographs. The water level rose suddenly and trapped one of them. Later the youth was rescued by a team of firemen from Manali. Another tourist who lost his balance while standing over a slippery stone near Van Bihar area this month was saved by workers after following him being carried away by water for a distance of around 1km.District tourism development officer Balbir Thakur said that notice boards have been installed at many places to warn tourists about the dangerous flow of water. \"We also distribute pamphlets to tourists at the green tax barrier. Fifty home guards have been deployed at various places for the safety of the tourists,\" he said.Meanwhile, the tourism department has tightened its screws over river rafting organizers in Kullu. After many accidents involving tourists, river rafting companies have been issued notices to ensure the safety of tourists or be ready to face legal action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13403118", "title": "Corporation schools fare well over last year", "text": "MADURAI: The city corporation schools in Madurai had reason to rejoice, as they had reversed the trend and recorded a rise in the pass percentage, though it was marginal.As against the 88.54% students passing in plus two exams during the last academic year, 92.12% students secured pass marks this year. In 2011, there was a 1.5% dip in the pass percentage.According to data provided by the city corporation, 2361 students had appeared for the plus two exams in March, out of which 2175 succeeded in securing pass marks. Among the 13 higher secondary schools run by the city corporation, the Velliveethiyar Girls Higher Secondary School managed to get the top slot with 98.4% of the total students scoring pass marks, followed by Sethupathi Pandithurai HSS and Avvai Girls HSS. At the bottom was the Bharathidasanar Higher Secondary School with 71.4% pass percentage.B Selvalakshmi of Kasthuribai Gandhi HSS emerged as the top ranker among the civic body schools with a score of 1142 marks, while A M Geetha of EVR Nagammayar Corporation Girls HSS bagged second rank with 1116 marks and R Lavanya of the same school scoring 1111.While private schools in the city were devising strategies to achieve top scores, the civic body's schools also had their own methods of intensive coaching and rigorous tests to get their students score marks. \"We believe that our efforts have paid well. We will try to increase the pass percentage next year,\" said a corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401790", "title": "Battling life and fighting cancer, Gautam has 92%", "text": "MUMBAI: For Ram Ratna Vidya Mandir in Uttan, it was not about the students scoring above 90% with a majority making the cut, but it was about 16-year-old Gautam Gauba, who battled for life and fought against cancer to score 92% in the CBSE board exams.\"He was undergoing chemotherapy at Hinduja Hospital every 21 days till December and was too weak to attend school. Even when he decided he wants to attend school in January this year, we tried to persuade him to drop a year, but he was determined,\" said Jyoti Gauba, Gautam's mother. Since the school is a residential school, Gautam started living in the hostel since January but would go home every time his health gave up.A right hand writer, Gautam also had to undergo an operation to remove the bone from his right arm (shoulder to elbow ) and replace it with an implant. The doctors barely managed to save his arm which otherwise would have had to be amputated. \"He used to be really depressed and felt ashamed to go out in public because of all the weight and hair loss. He didn't even touch his books till January and then resorted to self study because he couldn't follow what was going on in class,\" added his mother. Gautam appeared for his exam without the help of a writer.\"We realised that the child was determined to study, so our teachers made sure that we taught him as per his convenience,\" said Asmita Hegde, vice-chairperson of the school. Gautam would stay up nights together to complete his portion and also managed to appear for his first semester exams and other tests after the second week of January.Currently, he is recovering from chemotherapy and is out of danger.\"We need to get check ups done every three months in order to avoid a relapse. But he's better now,\" added his mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13400225", "title": "Kolkata go through to IPL 5 final as Delhi get the lineup wrong", "text": "PUNE: Delhi, in imperious form all through IPL 5, learnt their lessons the hard way after crashing to a 18-run defeat to Team Kolkata in the IPL qualifier 1 on Tuesday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsNo doubt influenced by their success against Punjab in Dharamshala, Delhi opted for a four-pronged pace attack. The move backfired badly on the Sahara stadium track, where a tinge of grass masked the slow character of the pitch.The Kolkata batsmen, with captain Gautam Gambhir leading from the front as usual, exploited the express pace of the Delhi bowlers to the hilt, posting a challenging 162 for four.Then, helped by their impressive array of slower bowlers, Kolkata restricted Delhi to 144 for eight.For Delhi, the trio of Morne Morkel, Umesh Yadav and Varun Aaron, all bowling in excess of 140 kmph, conceded 122 runs between them - three-fourth of the Kolkata total - in return for just one wicket.Aaron's last over of the innings cost 21 runs. The medium pace of Irfan Pathan (1-20) and the left-arm spin of Pawan Negi (1-18) were more effective.Interestingly, in the league match against Pune at the same venue, Delhi had chosen two spinners, playing left-arm spinner Shahbaz Nadeem instead of Aaron.On Tuesday, Kolkata had three spinners in their lineup with Shakib Al Hasan sharing the new ball with Laxmipathy Balaji. Shakib (1-36), Sunil Narine (2-24) and Iqbal Abdullah (1-25) struck at regular intervals to puncture Delhi's hopes.It also helped that they won the toss. When the coin fell in his favour, Gambhir had no hesitation in batting frist. The skipper made a quickfire 32 off just 16 balls to help Kolkata get off the blocks smoothly. Yusuf Pathan provided the finishing touches with an unbeaten 40 from 21 balls.Brendon McCullum (31), Jacques Kallis (30) and Laxmi Ratan Shukla (24 n.o.) too played their roles to perfection. Delhi raced to 24 runs in two overs before being set back by the dismissals of Virender Sehwag (10) and David Warner (7).Kolkata had a scare when Balaji limped off after bowling just two overs. But his services were not required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400986", "title": "Five underpasses to protect wildlife", "text": "NAGPUR: In a major victory for wildlife activists, the Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun, has recommended five underpasses in four patches on Maharashtra side and two on the Chhattisgarh side as part of the mitigation plan on NH6, where four-laning is cutting through vital tiger populations of Central Indian landscape. The WII had been appointed to suggest mitigation measures by the National Tiger Conservation Authority ( NTCA).TOI was the first to report on the Forest Conservation Act (FCA) violations by the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) on NH6 in January 2009. Since then permission has been held up for widening the highway from two-lane to four-lane.NGO Wildlife Trust of India (WTI) had moved the Supreme Court's centrally empowered committee (CEC) against the cutting of tiger corridors. On the directions of the CEC, NHAI prepared a mitigation plan but it was not acceptable to the WTI, which insisted on flyovers. Finally, the WII was asked to prepare a plan and accordingly a two-member team visited NH6 for eight days beginning January 27. The WII report asks NHAI to construct underpasses for animals stretching 1,000, 1,500 and 2,000 metre in length and 7 metre in height.The NHAI's revised mitigation plan submitted to the forest department had suggested underpasses in eight vulnerable patches, with dimensions of 10 feet height and 20 feet width. In addition, NHAI had suggested fencing of thick chain links, rescue gates and ramps. However, since this mitigation plan does not satisfy the needs of wild animals, WII has virtually rejected it. The NHAI plan was prepared by ex-chief wildlife warden RN Indurkar and retired ACF SS Deshpande.Most of the road from Bhandara to Chhattisgarh border has been upgraded from two-lane to four-lane, except in the three stretches passing through forest area. The incomplete stretches are from Maramjob to Bahmni (4.15km), Bahmni to Duggipar (3.05km), and Sakoli to Mundipar (3.2km).Apart from these, WII has also proposed two additional structures in the completed four-lane road between Sirpur-Navatola (6.3km). \"This stretch led to bifurcation of 70% of the corridor between Kanha-Pench and Navegaon, Nagzira and Tadoba reserves,\" WII sources said.In the three as yet uncompleted stretches, the WII says that box culverts of 3.05 height and 6.10 width proposed by the NHAI are unsuitable for wildlife. These box culverts have been largely conceived as drainage structures. The WII has proposed underpasses of 2,000 metre width and 7 metre height.Regarding the 3.05km patch between Bahmni and Duggipar, the WII says it is a vital connectivity between Navegaon and Nagzira. The NH6 is 1km from the boundary of the park. However, Prafulla Bhamburkar of WTI says that after the notification of Navegaon Sanctuary, the four-lane road is now virtually touching the sanctuary boundary.The WII has also disapproved NHAI's plan to change total width of forest used for the road from 60 metre to 45 metre. WII sources said, \"The reduced width will not have any influence on volume of traffic, but actually give less time to animals to decide whether to cross the road or not. Reduced width will increase probability of animal fatalities.\" On an average, 6,000 vehicles use NH6 in every 24 hours.The WII has said NHAI should be asked to implement the mitigation measures as soon as possible. Delay in implementing the measures will affect the long-term functionality of the crucial corridor connecting 10 protected areas (PAs).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13401868", "title": "Mobile fish parlour van to be inaugurated today", "text": "VARANASI: The fishery department is going to introduce mobile fish parlour as a pilot project in the city on public-private partnership (PPP) model. The fish parlour van will be inaugurated in the collectorate premises on Wednesday.According to Arvind Mishra, the chief executive officer of fishery department in Varanasi, a well-equipped van has been arranged to promote hygienic fish cuisine in the city. The project costs Rs 5.5 lakh including a grant of Rs 1.65 lakh. Varanasi would become the third city in UP after Meerut and Jhansi to have a mobile fish parlour facility, said Mishra, adding that more mobile fish parlours could be introduced if the pilot project succeeds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401058", "title": "Times Internet Limited joins hands with AIR for live commentary", "text": "NEW DELHI: Times Internet Limited (TIL) and AIR have joined hands to broadcast live commentary of IPL 2012 over AIR's National Channel and FM Gold Network. The running commentary of the IPL final, the eliminator and second qualifier will be broadcast alternately in Hindi and English on National Channel and FM Gold Network.The coverage area of National Channel includes AP, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Goa, Haryana, Jharkhand, Karnataka, MP, Manipur, Meghalaya, Orissa, Pondicherry, Tripura, UP, Uttaranchal and parts of Assam, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Tamil Nadu.Speaking on the deal, Rishi Khiani, CEO, Times Internet, said, \"By partnering with All India Radio, IPL 2012 will be able to reach out to a much larger base of cricket fans who are spread all over the country, especially beyond the metros.\"\"AIR has had a very long innings in promoting sports, including cricket, in the country. We are still going strong in that direction. We are now about to carry live commentary of the last three important and crucial matches including the final. We hope that this will provide a new experience to our listeners,\" said Shri LD Mandloi, director general, All India Radio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401664", "title": "Right to education a shot in the arm for UPA govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Education has been high priority for the UPA government and the Supreme Court verdict recognizing that all schools were mandated to give admission to economically weaker students under the Right to Education Act has been a shot in the arm for the government. However, with allocations dropping to nearly half of what was promised, the government's intent to send every child to school continues to be a far-fetched dream.The UPA's report card chose to focus on infrastructure development which is also important but cannot replace other crucial components like shortage of teachers or qualifying the existing ill-equipped educators. The report said nearly 5 lakh new classrooms were opened along with 51,000 new primary and upper primary schools in the country. Additionally, 6.8 lakh teachers were appointed during the last two years.On the issue of transparency and governance, four bills mentioned in the report card are far from nearing culmination. Despite a year-long consultation, there is no political consensus on the Lokpal bill while public procurement, right to service delivery and judicial reforms are still in various stages of consultation. Civil society representatives continue to be unhappy with the Lokpal bill and the judicial accountability bill in their present form.On its third anniversary, the government congratulated itself on large investments in the health sector and committed to increase healthcare funding to 2.5% of GDP by the end of the next five-year plan.Health indicators such as infant mortality rate and total fertility rate showed continuous decline, according to the report. The number of institutional deliveries has gone up. No wild polio case has been reported since January 2011 and WHO has removed India from the list of polio-endemic countries.However, malnutrition levels have not seen any improvement and the National Mission for Empowerment of Women set up with much pomp and show is yet to show any significant results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13406928", "title": "Statistical highlights of the first qualifier of the IPL match between Delhi Daredevils-Kolkata Knight Riders", "text": "PUNE: Statistical highlights of the first qualifier of the Indian Premier League match between Delhi Daredevils and Kolkata Knight Riders on Tuesday.# Sunil Narine has captured 24 wickets at 11.95 runs apiece in 14 matches - the second best tally in IPL 5 behind Morne Morkel's 25 (ave. 18.12) in 16 matches.# Narine's economy rate of 5.20 is the best in the current edition.# 15 run-outs in IPL 5 have been effected by Delhi Daredevils - the most by a team in the current edition.# Yusuf Pathan (40 not out off 21 balls) has equalled his highest score in IPL 5. He had posted an unbeaten 40 against Mumbai at Eden Gardens on May 12.# Pathan's superb tally of 14 MOM awards is the highest by an Indian player in Twenty20.# Yusuf Pathan and Chris Gayle , with 12 MOM awards each, share an IPL record.# Shukla and Yusuf put on 56 in just four overs for the fifth wicket - Kolkata's highest stand against Delhi in the IPL.# Brendon McCullum (12 matches) and Naman Ojha (17 matches) are the top wicket-keepers with most dismissals in the present competition - 14 each.# Ojha and Jayawardene put on 59 for the third wicket - Delhi's highest partnership against Kolkata in the IPL, eclipsing the 46 between Jayawardene and Ross Taylor at Feroz Shah Kotla on May 7, 2012.# Virender Sehwag (494 at an average of 35.28 in 15 matches) needs six runs to complete his 500 runs in the current edition of IPL.# Sehwag's above tally is the fifth highest, next only to Gayle (733), Gambhir (588), Dhawan (569) and Rahane (560) in IPL 5.# Gautam Gambhir (588 at an average of 39.20 in 16 matches) needs 12 runs to become the second batsman to complete 600 runs in IPL 5.# Gambhir and McCullum have amassed 533 runs in partnerships for the opening wicket at an average of 53.30 in ten innings in IPL 5. Their tally includes a century partnership and four scores between 50-99.# Kolkata Knight Riders' 18-run victory is their fifth in nine games played against Delhi Daredevils in the IPL - winning % 55.55 (Lost 4).# Kolkata Knight Riders have qualified for the finals in the IPL for the first time in five seasons.# Mahela Jayawardene (40 off 33 balls) top-scored for Delhi Daredevils.# Gambhir (32 off 16 balls) took his overall runs' tally in IPL to 2063 (33.81) in 71 matches, eclipsing Sachin Tendulkar's tally of 2036 at an average of 38.41 in 63 games. Only Suresh Raina has amassed more runs than Gambhir - 2154 at an average of 33.65 in 78 games in IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402789", "title": "Commercial pilot licence examination: CBI arrests two pilots for leaked exam paper", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI has arrested two pilots, including one from Air India subsidiary Alliance Air, in connection with the alleged leak of a question paper of the commercial pilot licence examination. H S Malhotra of Alliance Air was arrested on May 18 and Siddharth Chowdhury of Indigo airline was arrested a day earlier.The two were produced separately before a magistrate who remanded them in CBI custody till May 23, press information officer of the agency R K Gaur said. The two were arrested as part of the CBI's ongoing probe to unearth the racket involving leak of question paper pertaining to commercial pilot licence (technical) examination, he said.A case was registered on April 20 under various sections of IPC on the allegations relating to leak of the question paper ahead of the examination that was held on March 15. The examination for this paper was declared null and void by Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) on March 27.The CBI was approached by the DGCA with a complaint about leak of the question paper, Gaur said. It was alleged that the partially vetted question paper was taken out from the office of chief examination officer of DGCA, which was later passed on to the pilots and finally reached Lalit Jain, who was arrested by CBI on May 15.A payment of several lakhs was made for the leaked paper, the CBI alleged. Thereafter, the question paper was scanned and sent through e-mail to many candidates allegedly by Jain and the same set of questions were forwarded by the candidates to other people through e-mail as well.Jain, who is in judicial custody, is an accused in a Delhi Police case for forging commercial pilot licences last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13400920", "title": "'Curb black marketing of cotton, soyabean seeds'", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Guardian minister Sanjay Deotale has directed officials to form a coordination committee comprising officers of different departments to ensure collective benefit of agriculture development schemes to the farmers. He has also asked officials to curb black marketing of cotton and soyabean seeds and provide necessary fertilizers, seeds and crop loan in time to cultivators.Deotale held a meeting on Tuesday to review this year's Kharif crop plan and last year's Kharif harvest at district collectorate. He stressed on adoption of modern techniques of cultivation and asked the officers to see that farmer get timely loan for purchasing tractors and other agricultural equipments. \"Form multiple flying squads and carry out repeated inspections to check the black marketing of seeds. Make sure that fertilizers are made available to the farmers at their fields,\" he directed.District superintendent agriculture officer Ashok Kuril detailed the minister about this year's Kharif plan. He said that the district has 5.17 lakh hectare of cultivable land, out of which cultivation has been planned in 4.50 lakh hectare in the district. \"Soyabean cultivation is likely to rise, while cotton crop might see slight drop in cultivation area. Soyabean, being a cash crop and fetching good market price, has attracted farmers' attention,\" he said. This year's Kharif plan includes expected soyabean cultivation in 1.59 hectare, paddy 1.58 hectare, cotton 90,000 hectare, Tur 32,000 hectare, Kuril added.He said that while 1.13 lakh hectare of agricultural land is under irrigation, good rainfall of 98% is expected in the district this year. He assured that department will make sure that there is no shortage of chemical fertilizers and it is readily available to the farmers. \"The district needs around 91,100 metric tonnes of fertilizers. A total of 19,668 MT fertilizers were available till March 31, which was reduced to 133 MT till May 17,\" he said. He also assured that ample seeds of different crops are readily available for the farmers.The meeting was attended by MLA Subhash Dhote, additional collector NB Wati, deputy director of Agriculture department , Dr JC Bhutda, addition CEO, Prabhu Rajgadkar and along with the higher officers of MSEDCL, Seed Corporation, Co-operative banks and water resources department. This meeting was held with the special permission from election commission in light of ongoing process of biennial elections to legislative council. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is going to hold state level meeting to review the Kharif crop planning on June 5 in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402469", "title": "Angolan FM assures Krishna of Indian workers\u2019 safety", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foreign minister S M Krishna on Tuesday called up his Angolan counterpart Georges Chickoty regarding the situation of Indian workers at the cement plant in Sumbe. Government sources said Chickoty assured Krishna that his government remained committed to ensuring that the contractual commitments to the workers are met.\"In response to Krishna's request, he also agreed that the Angola government would facilitate, in cooperation with the Indian embassy, the early repatriation of those workers who may not be interested in continuing to work at the cement plant,\" an official said.Seeking the Centre's immediate intervention into alleged harassment of Odiya workers in Angola, Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik had urged Krishna to take steps to ensure their return to the country safely.As a matter of priority, those workers who are in custody will be sent back in next few days, the official said. \"All workers who have indicated their desire to continue working will be assured of safe and secure work conditions. More than 500 of the 900 Indian workers have already gone back to work,'' the official added.Quoting media reports, Patnaik said some workers had been implicated on false criminal charges and arrested. Of about 1,200 Indian workers, 130 hail from Odisha's Khurda and Kendrapara districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13403374", "title": "Cabinet sanctionsRs 1,366 cr for agrischeme in 2012-13", "text": "PATNA: In pursuance of the second Agriculture Road Map for development, the state cabinet on Tuesday sanctioned Rs 1,366.7 crore under the National Agriculture Development Scheme for financial year 2012-13. It also approved state share of Rs 210.07 crore for promotion of organic farming, agriculture mechanization, horticulture development and use of certified seeds.The government sanctioned the fund for boosting agricultural development and to make farmers more productive by encouraging them to use modern technology to achieve food security. The state's second Agriculture Road Map for Development has been implemented from April 1.Giving this information, cabinet secretary Ravi Kant said the cabinet also approved Rs 30.72 crore used for nitrogen fixation in soil by planting moong plants during financial year 2011-12. He said this amount could not be drawn due to link failure in treasury on March 31 this year.The cabinet also approved drawal and payment of Rs 8.36 crore in financial year 2011-12 as state's share for purchase of agriculture implements, organic farming, warehousing, horticulture development and micronutrients. The amount had not been included in the budgetary provisions of fiscal year 2011-12.The cabinet also sanctioned Rs 1,704.6 crore for strengthening the Sone canal water distribution system through East Sone high level canal, Patna main canal and Ara main canal. It also approved Rs 61.25 crore for improving the water distribution system by dredging, strengthening of river banks and renovation of North Koel main canal from Zero to 92.7-km point.The cabinet approved Rs 200 crore at 9% interest to Bihar State Food Corporation out of the recommended Rs 1,000 crore, which is to be drawn from the contingency fund for wheat procurement in rabbi marketing season 2012-13. It also sanctioned Rs 582.63 crore for construction work under the Malai Barrage scheme. The cabinet also sanctioned Rs 52.72 crore for an action plan on changes in the weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13403649", "title": "Police foil bid to sell minor girl", "text": "INDORE: In a case of human trafficking the city police rescued a 15-year-old girl of Nepali origin from a woman who was allegedly trying to sell her in Indore. The accused managed to give a slip to the police.SSP A Sai Manohar said the accused Jyoti fled leaving the girl in Indore. She was trying to sell the girl to someone in Chennai on the pretext that girl belonged to Jain community. The girl is a resident of Suraj Nagar area in Indore.The SSP said the elder sister of the victim called up the NGO Childline for help which informed the police. Childline co-ordinator Deepesh Chouksey said the victim's elder sister had called up the helpline 1098 and informed that a woman had lured her sister and was trying sell her. Chouksey informed the SSP who in turn ordered the crime branch to investigate into the case.The crime branch team laid a trap but the woman managed to escape leaving the girl. Police suspect the involvement of the accused in some more cases of trafficking.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13400214", "title": "Batsmen did not deliver: Virender Sehwag", "text": "PUNE: As the first chance to qualify for the IPL final slipped out of their hands, Delhi Daredevils skipper Virender Sehwag on Tuesday said the 163-run target was very much chase-able but the batting unit failed to fire against KKR in the Qualifier.Delhi could manage just 144 for eight with all big guns failing to contribute much.\"We did not bat well, 160 was chase-able. The required batting effort was just not there. We lost two early wickets and failed to make it in the last few overs,\" Sehwag said.Sehwag also defended selection when asked if presence of spinner Nadeem could have made some difference.\"Varun Aaron and Umesh Yadav have bowled brilliantly for me. I cannot sit them out. It was a tough choice but we thought that the grass might help the pace bowlers,\" he said.He promised to back in the Qualifier 2, saying,\"We have another chance to get there, we cannot relax, need to go all out.\"Winning skipper Gautam Gambhir said they were confident of defending the total.\"We always felt that it was a 140-145 wicket, but when we got 160, we thought it was an above par score,\" he said.Asked if Jaques Kallis' bowling along with his batting has proved crucial, Gambhir said each and every bowler has contributed in their good run so far.\"Not only about Kallis, all of them have bowled have bowled very well, lot of credit to all the bowlers including Balaji, Abdulla, Narine and others,\" Gambhir said.Paceman Laxmipati Balai had looked in some discomfort during the match but Gambhir said he will recover in time before Sunday's final.\"We have four days for Balaji to recover from the injury.\"Yusuf Pathan, who smashed a brilliant 21-ball 40 to help side reach a good total, said he was pleased to have lived up to the expectations of the team.Yusuf had a poor run before this match and had coped a lot of criticism.\"There are always big hopes from me. I had not performed well in the previous games, but I know that I can get going in a big match,\" he said after receiving man-of-the-match award.Yusuf said having enough overs to settle on the pitch helped him get his touch back.\"I had a lot of time to get in and adjust myself to the track today. Now We are waiting for the big game. We will relax and await for it eagerly,\" he said.KKR bowling consultant Wasim Akram said Gambhir's leadership has made a huge impact on team's fortunes this season.\"I am happy to be associated with KKR. It's a great bunch of boys, love to stick around with each other. Long story what's changed from the first four years, but to cut it short, its all because of a very good captain and an enthusiastic owner,\" the Pakistani bowling legend said.Akram was happy that the team strategy worked today. \"We read the wicket well, we played four spinners, they played only one, had they got in another spinner or two, it could have gotten lot closer,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13402775", "title": "Sadhu in company of woman thrashed", "text": "RAJKOT: A 32-year-old sadhu was beaten up by residents of Mavdi area in the city on Monday night when they found him in his room with a woman teacher, police said.The sadhu had arrived at 9 pm in a car with the woman teacher (26) and a peon of the institution with which the former was associated.Some students found the sadhu with the woman and they informed the residents of nearby area. Soon a large number of people gathered there. They damaged the car, ransacked the room and also beat up the sadhu.A resident filed a police complaint with Malviyanagar police station against the sadhu, the teacher and the peon for hurting the religious sentiments of people. The three were arrested after they were booked under Section 295(A) of Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13403508", "title": "China stays businesswoman\u2019s execution", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese court reduced the death sentence of a businesswoman, one of the country's wealthiest woman, giving her a two-year reprieve following a public outcry in her favour. She will now have the opportunity to escape judicial death.Wu Ying (31) became an idol for millions of young Chinese as she rose to high life from her modest beginning as a hair dresser in eastern China's Zhejiang. She was charged of duping private investors out of $60 million. Wu was sentenced to death in 2009 in one of the most closely watched court trials in China. The Zhejiang high court said it agreed to review her case since Wu was willing to admit her crimes and provided information that led to the arrest of corrupt officials.Large number of Chinese, mostly youth, spoke out for her saying death sentence was too harsh a punishment for a young woman who became their role model. Many felt she was treated adversely as she was not an official or a member of the Communist Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402619", "title": "DMK members stall Rajya Sabha over TN legislative council bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: DMK members on Tuesday created a ruckus in the Rajya Sabha when a bill to repeal the Tamil Nadu Legislative Council Act was taken up for consideration in the House.As soon as law minister Salman Khurshid took up the Tamil Nadu Legislative Council (Repeal) Bill, 2012, which seeks to make consequential amendments in the Representation of the People Act, 1950 and the Representation of People Act, 1951, DMK members trooped into the well, forcing the chair to adjourn the upper House twice.AIADMK members were, however, keen on discussing the bill.The Tamil Nadu Legislative Council Act, 2010, was enacted by Parliament to provide for the creation of a legislative council in Tamil Nadu, in pursuance to the resolution passed by the Tamil Nadu assembly on April 12, 2010.However, before the legislative council could be constituted in accordance with the Act, the Tamil Nadu assembly passed another resolution on June 7, 2011 to the effect that the decision to create the legislative council be withdrawn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13385199", "title": "'Department' debacle: RGV blames Sanjay Dutt", "text": "After his last release Department, logged poor collections at the box office, filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma , who apparently developed creative differences with Sanjay Dutt, today said he had a harrowing time working with the actor in the movie.Department starred Sanjay Dutt, Amitabh Bachchan and Rana Dagubbati in the lead besides Anjana Sukhani and Abhimanyu Singh in pivotal roles. The film released on May 18 and was panned by critics.Reportedly made at a budget of Rs 30 crore, the film has so far earned Rs 7 crore at the box office. \"Whatever else happening to Department I am supremely happy that I don't want to see the faces of Sanjay Dutt and Dharam Oberoi (CEO of Sanjay Dutt Productions) for the rest of my life,\" Varma wrote on Twitter.While the shooting of the film was going on, there were reports that both Varma and Dutt were at loggerheads. However, during media interactions both denied it.\"From forcing me to take Kangana (Kangana Ranaut) out of the film to constantly cornering me to change screenplay, I had the most horrible time working with Dutt,\" Varma said.Both Dutt and Oberoi too had expressed displeasure over the way the film was handled by Varma. \"If Dutt and Oberoi think I am the bad in Department lets wait for Zilla Ghaziabad and Soham's film where I am not there to spoil their creative inputs,\" Varma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401261", "title": "Vegetable market yard fire: Victims see conspiracy", "text": "HYDERABAD: Traders whose shops were gutted in the fire at N T R Nagar vegetable market in L B Nagar on Sunday staged a protest on Tuesday alleging foul play behind the mishap. More than 200 retail traders who lost their sheds accused the wholesale merchants and market officials of conspiring against them and setting the market on fire. In the fire mishap that took place at around 9 pm on Sunday, around 187 bamboo sheds were reduced to ashes in about 10 minutes.The 20-year-old market has both retail and wholesale shops and there has been friction between the two regarding their location. Despite a complex is being constructed for the wholesale merchants, retail traders have been objecting to them still occupying the prime place at the entrance of the market. The market yard officials and the retail traders had also approached court in this regard.B Anand, who had lost his shed, said that the fire was not an accident. He added that most of the shops were closed on the fateful day and that the power supply was turned off at 8.30 pm. The fire occurred at around 9 pm. Another trader U Ramesh claimed that he lost about Rs 16,000 cash and Rs 60,000 worth of groceries in the accident. \"Most of the retail traders live in the nearby areas. Once we saw smoke, we rushed to the market yard. The fire was spreading from all four sides of the market which would not be the case if it were an accident,\" he said.P Manoharamma, president of the retail traders' association of the market, said, \"Even when the market caught fire, we called the fire engine and not the security guards. In fact we came with buckets of water and tried to douse the fire.\" The traders have demanded that their sheds be rebuilt at the same location and a proper compensation be paid before Friday.However, market yard officials said the traders' allegations were baseless. \"We have asked the retail traders to move to a different location and the matter is in court. What happened that day was just an accident and none of the officials was present at the market then. The police inquiry will ascertain the actual cause of the fire,\" said C Suresh Kumar, secretary, L B Nagar market yard. He also said that the marketing department was yet to decide on where and how to rehabilitate the traders.P Srinivas Reddy, inspector of L B Nagar police station, said the cause of the fire was not yet ascertained since the investigation was not completed. \"As of now we are treating it just as an accident. Since the sheds were made of bamboo and there was a strong breeze the fire had spread quickly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13405639", "title": "Mahesh Babu keen on Marriage Scenes", "text": "Although their acting, mannerisms and style statements are unique, but not to be surprised, Tollywood superstars have one thing in common - sentiment, and actor Mahesh Babu stands first amongst them. The actor is currently shooting for a multi-starrer movie \" Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Cheetu\", starring Venkatesh. When the actor first heard the script of the film he was impressed and gave the nod. But later he made few changes in the script and insisted on including a \"marriage scene\".The actor is very superstitious about including a marriage scene or a song in his film because his earlier super hit films \"Murari\", \"Okkadu\", \"Athadu\" and \"Dookudu\" had marriage songs or sequences where he sported Sherwani. Thus, he advised the filmmakers of \"Seethamma Vaakitlo Sirimalle Cheetu\" to include a marriage scene or a song in this film too. And recently, the unit shot few scenes on Mahesh Babu and Samantha. So, let's hope that Mahesh Babu continues his winning streak with this superstition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13402888", "title": "One held with arms", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Tuesday arrested Khalid Ansari and seized arms and ammunition from him at Kanbhitta locality in Mandar of the district. \"Police were informed that the accused was a hatching a conspiracy following which a team conducted the raid and arrested him,\" said SSP Saket Kumar Singh. An FIR was lodged against Ansari.One country-made revolver, one pistol, nine bullets, and one magazine were recovered from him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13402982", "title": "Child line centres to be set up in all districts", "text": "RANCHI: Recently the Ranchi-based Childline - a helpline present all over the country for women and children -- came across a case from Giridih in which the victim accused a local doctor of sexually abusing almost 50 underage girls in the name of treatment. The victim said the doctor targeted poor young girls claiming to provide free treatment to them.Childline (Ranchi) executive director Dr NK Tah said, \"Not much could be done about this case as the girl who called us could not be contacted. Moreover, as we have no centre in Giridih we are having problems in getting details about the case.\"Despite many such cases coming to the fore from interior areas of Jharkhand, the Childline is unable to deal with them due to the lack of centres. To deal with this situation Childline has decided to launch a centre in every district of Jharkhand under the Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS). At present there are five Child Line centres in the state. These are located in Ranchi, Dhanbad, Jamshedpur, Pakur and Chaibasa.Tah said, \"The number of cases coming to Childline is increasing every year and that also from interior areas of Jharkhand. It becomes difficult for us to reach the victimized children so we have decided to open a centre in every district.\"Maximum number of cases come to Childline from West Sighbhum which are related to trafficking. Tah said, \"We get maximum calls from West Singhbhum followed by Ranchi, Gumla, Latehar and Simdega. Palamu and Garhwa have the least reported cases.\"That the number of cases coming to Childline has been increasing every year indicate that people are becoming more aware of child rights. \"We received 280 cases in 2009-10, 390 cases in 2010-11 and 465 cases (up to may 20) in 2011-12 . The callers are not just children but also adults.\"Childline deals with various kinds of cases including cases related to restoration, child abuse, emotional support and guidance, rescue from abuse and medical assistance. Nowadays, even cases related to sexual abuse are coming to Childline. \"In the past one week almost five cases of sexual abuse where registered with the childline. In such cases we first arrange a counseling session with the victim and then inform the local police station about it\", said Tah.Although Childline has helped many children in distress, it is facing a lot of problems of its own. \"The biggest problem we are facing is we do not have our own shelter home. If we receive a lost child then we have to keep him in the office as we do not have a shelter home. Another problem we are facing is lack of funds especially when we have to provide financial help to children\" said Tah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13407692", "title": "Evelyn goes Vidya Balan way", "text": "There is something common between Vidya Balan and half-German-half-Indian international supermodel Evelyn Sharma.Evelyn, who is currently working in the Ranbir Kapoor-Deepika Padukone-starrer Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani , will soon be seen in a video with Euphoria's Palash Sen in their upcoming song. Like Vidya, who was seen with Palash in his song Kabhi Ana Tu Meri Gali, Evelyn is looking forward for the same magic to work that did wonders for Vidya.Evelyn excitedly said about her venture, \"I was very excited when I was approached to perform for Euphoria video opposite Palash.\" She adds, \"Euphoria has introduced many popular faces including Vidya Balan and Neha Dhupia . Besides that, I am a big fan of rock music and that makes me even more excited about the video which is going to be a slow rock song.\" And the Euphoria magic seems to be working still as the song has got some great reviews from the industry insiders.Evelyn, who is being hailed as the new big face for Bollywood is also gearing up for for Manish Tiwary's Issaq opposite Prateik Babbar and veteran filmmaker Pramod Chakravorty's grandson Prateek Chakravorty's debut film From Sydney With Love apart from Ayan Mukherji's Yeh Jawani Hai Deewani under Dharma Productions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13405344", "title": "US drone kills 4 militants in Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal area", "text": "ISLAMABAD: At least four militants were killed when a US drone fired missiles on a house in Pakistan's North Waziristan tribal area early today, officials said.The unmanned plane fired two missiles on a house in marketplace in Miranshah, the headquarters of North Waziristan, they said.At least four militants were killed in the attack, the officials said, adding that there was no immediate information about the nationality of those killed in the pre-dawn strike.The officials said the militants had been using the house for some time.Several militant groups, including Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan and the Haqqani Network, operate in North Waziristan, bordering Afghanistan.It is the first drone strike in Pakistani tribal region after the Chicago conference. President Asif Ali Zardari , who attended the May 20-21 summit in Chicago, called for a halt to the American drone strikes.Pakistan's Parliament last month passed a resolution asking US to stop drone strikes inside the country as it is violation of International law.The US has rejected calls from Pakistan and insists that drone strikes are effective against the militants, blamed for cross-border attacks into Afghanistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13403418", "title": "Patna records hottest day as mercury soars to 44.4 degree C", "text": "PATNA: Intense heatwave with high temperature made life miserable for Patnaites as mercury soared to 44.4 degree Celsius in the state capital, making Tuesday the hottest day of the year so far. If weatherman is to be believed, there will be no respite from the heatwave in the coming few days.In fact, temperature has been consistently high for the last more than a week, ranging between 40 degree C and 43 degree C. The weatherman attributes the rise in temperature to the westerly wind blowing above the region and predicted heatwave to continue during the whole week.Patna Met Director, D C Gupta, said, \"The westerly wind has reached mid-tropospheric level, giving rise to the temperature. All weather-related actions take place at this level.\"Gupta said the temperature recorded on Tuesday was 5 degree above normal. Other parts of the state, too, experienced abnormal rise in temperature on Tuesday with Gaya recording 44.9 degree and Bhagalpur 40.8 degree Celsius.The situation will remain the same till easterly wind replaces the current westerly wind blowing all over the state, Gupta said, adding that the high temperature could affect mango and litchi crops this season. He said monsoon is not likely to hit Bihar before June 12. Monsoon is likely to hit Kerala on June 1.The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has also issued warning, stating that heatwave conditions would continue to hit some parts of Bihar and east UP. Though the IMD forecast light rain and thunderstorm in neighbouring Jharkhand , dry weather spell would continue in Bihar.However, the silver lining is that conditions have become favourable for southwest monsoon to advance over Andaman and southeast Bay of Bengal in the next 2-3 days. Kalpana 1 cloud imagery shows convective clouds over some parts of sub-Himalayan region, West Bengal , south Andaman Sea, central and south Bay of Bengal and southeast Arabian Sea with low or medium clouds seen over Bihar and the Gangetic West Bengal. However, according to the weather office, this phenomenon is not going to have immediate effect on the high temperature which would hover around 41-43 degree Celsius in the coming days. The mercury rose again after a slight change in weather condition due to northwesterly wind a couple of days back, which had brought down the temperature. The low humidity level remains the only saviour for the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13403524", "title": "\u2018Vulgar\u2019 posters deface walls in Sarabha Nagar", "text": "LUDHIANA: Posters of 'B-grade movies' and other advertisements pasted on private compound walls near Hero Bakery and Sarabha Nagar market have been defacing the private property, often with vulgar images.Those involved in this illegal practice have been clever enough to choose the houses that do not have owners residing there permanently.Maninder Singh, a businessman from Sarabha Nagar, says, ''People have been posting these posters for many years, particularly chalking out the property which doesn't have the owners residing here.'' Maninder says they have tried to stop these people from defacing the walls in this are but they do it during the night.Another area resident Satish Sharma, a businessman, says, ''If movie theatre owners want to publicize the movies they put up, they should rent out hoarding and ad boards rather than defacing private property.''Nobody bothers to take these posters out as the owners of most of these houses are living outside the city, he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13401027", "title": "Take action or be ready for protests: BJP", "text": "JAIPUR: The leader of Opposition in the assembly Ghanshyam Tiwari on Tuesday threatened that the BJP would lead a public agitation and take hold of Jal Mahal, if the state government fails to terminate Jal Mahal lease immediately.\"The government should have reacted, terminated the lease immediately and re-acquired the property right after the recent high court order. If the state government fails to do the same by May 30, we will hold a march to Raj Bhawan and hand over a memorandum to the governor. If that fails to evoke a response, the people of Jaipur would be forced to take hold of Jal Mahal,'' said Tiwari, addressing a media briefing at the party's state headquarters. He demanded that the state government open the gates of Jal Mahal for the common man.\"Not having taken the possession of Jal Mahal not only shows that the state government is party to all the misdoings and is giving enough time for the company concerned to approach the Supreme Court for a stay order,'' said Tiwari, who also read out of the copy of the order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13403410", "title": "Govt to seek $750-m WB loan for Kosi rehab", "text": "PATNA: Working as per its commitment to rebuild a new-look Kosi region devastated by severe floods in 2008, the state government has decided to take a loan of $750 million from the World Bank (WB) for the second phase of works after failing to get assistance from the Centre. A high-level meeting chaired by chief minister Nitish Kumar was held here on Tuesday to review the Kosi rehabilitation and reconstruction project and the work done so far.The CM directed the officials that houses being constructed in the affected districts - Saharsa, Supaul and Madhepura - should also have attached latrines for which the state government will provide funds. He said during his Seva Yatra in Supaul, he found that at Basantpur village under Parmanandpur block houses were being built without latrines, and asked the officials to construct latrines in the under construction and constructed houses.\"I had promised to the victims to rebuild a beautiful Kosi region and my government is committed to that. We requested the Centre for assistance, but got no assistance. So we decided to approach the WB and started the reconstruction project,\" the CM said.He said after the Kosi tragedy, farm land was filled with sand causing great hardship to farmers. \"We are in the process of formulating a special scheme for removing sand and farmers will be imparted training in agriculture technique in the sand-filled land. They will be provided necessary assistance,\" he said.The CM said in the affected districts roads and bridges would be built and on the east and west flanks of the Kosi embankment, roads would be constructed. He further instructed that on each constructed house, it would be mentioned that it has been built under the Kosi rehab and reconstruction scheme. Same thing would be written on all the works carried out by the rural works, road construction, energy and irrigation department.The Kosi project would also be coordinated with Indira Awas Yojna. The CM asked rural development minister Nitish Mishra to hold a meeting with the DMs of Saharsa, Supaul and Madhepura and review the list of BPL beneficiaries. He directed development commissioner A K Sinha to prepare DPR for the second phase of works in consultation with the related departments besides commissioner of Kosi division and DMs of the three districts. The DMs of Kosi division would be directly responsible for the implementation of schemes.Others who attended the meeting included deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi , water resources minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary, energy minister Bijendra Prasad Yadav, planning and development minister Narendra Narayan Yadav, industry minister Renu Kumari Kushwaha, road construction minister Nandkishore Yadav and rural works minister Bhim Singh , besides the secretaries of different departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13403513", "title": "Sun control film sellers suffer a dark summer", "text": "CHENNAI: While car owners curse under their breath as policemen peel off sun control films from their window panes, shops selling the film sigh. Usually, during summer, each shop on General Patters Road sells films to more than 10 cars, for 1,500 to 4,000 each. This time, thanks to the police drive, there are no buyers barring a small number of motorists who buy green transparent film that block heat but not light.The traffic police have been removing films from car windows and fining owners following a ban by the Supreme Court. M Shaik, a shopkeeper on General Patters Road calls it a summer of reversal. \"Every summer, rows of new vehicles wait here for the films to be stuck. Now, some 20-30 cars line up every day to get the tinted films removed,\" he says.On the flip side, a green transparent film, which has not been in demand so far, is being preferred by a few who want to take a risk. The film is not dark and may escape the cops' eyes. The shopkeepers say they keep the car interior cooler.\"As per the order, no film is allowed,\" said a shopkeeper, \"but some people are willing to take the risk.\" Shaik said a motorist who came to remove the dark film on Monday returned on Tuesday for the green film.As summer peaks, motorists are fuming. \"The rule is not suitable for Chennai, especially during summer,\" said a driver who did not want to be identified. The courts had heard arguments on security, including that tinted glass allows criminals to escape noticed.A woman driver, however, had a contrary view. \"Having no tinted glass makes a woman driver more unsafe at night, as those on the road can see her. It is not a comfortable situation when men on bikes try to ride close to the car,\" she said.Private garages charge 300- 400 for removing the films from the vehicles. \"But it's not as profitable as fixing the film,\" says Selva, a mechanic on Woods Road.Central Motor Vehicle Rules (1989) say the front and rear glasses of a car should have visual light transmission (VLT) of at least 70%, while side glasses should have at least 50% VLT. The SC order, however, bans all films, and exempts company-fitted tinted glasses of specified VLT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13403707", "title": "Obama must apologize for Nato attack: Bilawal Bhutto", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pakistan and the US continued to trade barbs and insults even as officials from the two sides wrangled over dollars and apologies in a relationship from which the wheels are threatening to come off.Bilawal Bhutto, President Asif Ali Zardari's son and Bhutto scion added to the atmosphere of bitter recrimination on Monday when he said US President Barack Obama should \"show some courage\" and apologize to Pakistan for Nato airstrikes that killed 24 Pakistani soldiers.\"I urge President Obama to show some courage. I understand he is running for reelection but if he is the same man who inspired the world with his message of hope and change, the future of Nato mission in Afghanistan should be more important than poll numbers,\" Bilawal said to a gathering of his party workers and supporters in New York.Bilawal jointed Pakistan's ambassador to the US, Sherry Rehman , in saying Islamabad \"deserves an apology\" adding to a chorus of voices from the Pakistani establishment that has made apology for the Salala a pre-condition for reopening the Nato supply route. The US has, however, declined to apologize.Bilawal arrived in New York over the weekend even as his father returned home from Chicago after attending the Nato summit where he was pointedly snubbed by President Obama for throwing a spanner in US plans for the region. The US president not only disdained a bilateral meeting with Zardari at a time Islamabad is desperately seeking financial aid, but also slighted Pakistan by conspicuously excluding Zardari and his entourage in his welcome address that mentioned many others including Afghan President Hamid Karzai as well as \"officials from Central Asia and Russia.\" Zardari and his foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar were seated at the round table when Obama made the remarks. Zardari was also reportedly absent from the photo session of participating leaders.The young Bhutto meanwhile continued to express Pakistan's sense of entitlement and grievance in New York, saying \"the unilateral action in Abbottabad made many in Pakistan question whether the US actually considered Pakistan a military ally in our common war on terrorism and extremism\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13402947", "title": "Renuka dam project faces delay", "text": "SHIMLA: With Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) making no objection certificates (NOCs) from gram sabhas of the project area mandatory, plans to start construction of Renuka dam in Sirmaur district of Himachal Pradesh from next month has been delayed. According to the latest decision, project authorities would have to seek NOCs from the gram sabhas of 19 panchayats.There are around 25 panchayats which fall under the Renuka dam area and NOC is required from 19 of them. In the meeting held in April, the forest advisory committee (FAC) had applied this decision to projects like the 775 MW Luhri HEP (271 hectares of forest land), transmission line from Banala to Amritsar (137 hectares forest land) and Renuka dam (775 hectares forest land), whose forest clearance proposal will not be considered till the August 2009 circular is complied with. All the three projects have faced local opposition in some form or the other from affected people.\"It is very critical that the MoEF took cognizance of the fact that forest lands being diverted for hydro projects, mines, transmission lines, etc., are directly affecting the rights of local communities in a state like Himachal Pradesh. The 2009 circular recognises the importance of Forest Rights Act (FRA), 2006 before forest clearances and its acknowledgement of gram sabha's consent is noteworthy -- a decision that calls for immediate implementation,\" said Manshi Asher, member of Him Dhara, an environment research and action group based in Himachal Pradesh.Renuka project general manager, B K Kushal, said they have yet to get a copy of the decision but were aware about the decision taken in the meeting, about fresh NOCs from gram sabhas.He said the state government last year had informed MoEF through a lletter that diversion of forest land for facilities managed by the government as required under section 3(2) of the FRA have been completed and that gram sabhas have consented to it. \"We hope the ministry would consider our case and accept our stand,\" he said. Kaushal said that government would again take up the issue if the NOC clause is imposed.Renuka dam project was conceived as a drinking water supply scheme for the national capital territory of Delhi. In the first week of March this year, a team of officials from Geological Survey of India (GSI) visited the site and gave their clearance to the project on Thursday. Besides water storage and supply of the same to Delhi, it will generate 40 MW power exclusively for use of Himachal Pradesh.Water from Renuka dam, a national status project, will be released into Yamuna river, from where it will flow to Haryana's Hathinikund barrage and finally reach Delhi. The Delhi government has already given Rs 214.83 crore to Himachal Pradesh to start the construction work. The project has been facing protests from villagers as it would affect 34 villages and 1,142 families of area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403262", "title": "State eyes private companies for township makeover", "text": "KOLKATA: State urban development department is inviting private players, including corporate houses, banks, financial institutions, chambers of commerce and other groups, to take up beautification work in four townships.The department has been working on this policy with an emphasis on holistic beautification in the state's urban areas and upcoming townships. It has also put thrust on more greeneries in the open areas.The department wants private players to beautify traffic islands, parks, water bodies, ponds, median dividers and pavements in Rajarhat New Town, Salt Lake, Sector V and Kalyani. The selected companies will also be entrusted with maintaining the areas they beautify, a senior official said.Civic bodies of these areas handle beautification and maintenance of parks and traffic islands. Recently, Bidhannagar Municipality handed over the maintenance work for Salt Lake's traffic islands to advertising agencies that use them commercially, while the civic body itself maintains over 50 big and small parks there.While Nabadiganta Industrial Township Authority (NDITA) is drawing up beautification plans for Sector V with the involvement of private players, Bidhannagar Municipality and Hidco are doing the same for Salt Lake and Rajarhat New Town respectively.The government's beautification plan seeks to impart a bright, aesthetic, clean and green look to the target towns which will have roadsides, pavements, road dividers, boulevards, traffic islands and crossings with complete street decoration, including well illuminated street lights. Steps will be taken for theme-based, stylized beautification of these towns.A government-appointed committee has been formed to oversee this beautification programme.NDITA is already working on beautification in Sector V. A sum of about Rs 5 crore has been allocated for beautifying road dividers and boulevards in the IT hub. Tree saplings will be planted on the stretches. Another Rs 5 crore will be spent on overall renovation of the Eastern Drainage canal near Salt Lake Bypass.In Salt Lake, the urban development department is working on renovating and beautifying traffic islands like Karunamoyee Island, CA Island and the one at Lalkuthi. Plans are on to remove billboards atop traffic islands while boulevards and road dividers will also be cleaned and beautified.In Rajarhat New Town, Hidco is working on a beautification plan. The authorities have asked developers who have set up housing complexes in the township to come up with beautification plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403557", "title": "Rasbihari fee hike issue escalates as management refuses to meet parents", "text": "NASHIK: After the Rasbihari International School's (RIS) management refused to meet parents on Tuesday to discuss the school's fee hike, anguished parents gave an ultimatum of 20 days for withdrawal of the hike, failing which they threatened to launch an agitation and move court. Parents who arrived at the school on Tuesday were greeted with a notice board that said that since the issue was pending with the education department after parents complained about the fee hike and the school had filed its reply, there was no point in holding the meeting.Parents have given the school an ultimatum of 20 days to roll back the fee hike. They have warned of an indefinite hunger strike and threatened to move court if the RIS management does not roll back the fee hike.\"We have given an ultimatum of 20 days to the school to roll back the tuition fees. Otherwise, we will resort to an indefinite hunger strike in front of the school from June 13 and will also move court on the issue,\" members of the parents' committee Harish Jain and Suresh Desale said. The parents assembled at the school also decided against paying fees till a decision was taken by the education department of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC). Jain added, \"The school management at the eleventh hour cancelled the meeting, claiming that the issue was pending with the NMC's education department. Hence, we have decided not to pay the fees until a decision is taken by the education department.\"The school management declined to comment on the issue, saying that their stand had been mentioned in the notice board put up at the entrance of the school. The notice board featured this message, \"On May 15, parents had complained to the education department of the NMC against the school over the fee hike issue. Accordingly, the department has issued a written notice to the school in this connection on May 19. The school has also replied to the notice over the issue. Hence, it will not be proper to hold a meeting as the matter is now pending with the education department.\"Desale said, \"A meeting had been scheduled on Tuesday over the fee hike issue, but the school management is not ready to hold talks with parents. Our objective is to solve the issue through dialogue and discussions, but they didn't reciprocate. The school management is not being accountable.\"It may be recalled that on April 30, parents of children studying in RIS, who had come to school with their wards to collect report cards, had staged a rasta roko on the MERI-Mumbai-Agra national highway (NH3) link road after they came to know about the hike in tuition fees from Rs 1,900 to Rs 3,100 per month. Their demonstration was temporarily suspended after police officials intervened and spoke to the parents and the school administration. A decision was taken for joint meetings on the issue between the school chairman, trustees and parents on May 22.The school fees, which were Rs 600 per month in 2006-07, have been increased to Rs 3,100 a month in the year 2012-13. Fees were increased to Rs 800 a month in 2007-08, Rs 900 a month in 2008-09, Rs 1,200 a month in 2009-10, Rs 1,400 a month in 2010-11, Rs 1,900 a month in 2011-12 and to Rs 3,100 a month for the academic year 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402819", "title": "57% shoppers check prices online before they shop: Survey", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the penetration of internet enabled mobile phones, m-commerce has seen new highs in India. Most smartphone users tab the screen before they reach for their wallet. Nearly 57% of smart shoppers check prices online before they shop in a mall or a store, according to a survey released by eBay India on Monday. Over 30% of the users have stated that they always find better deals online and 49% say that they 'mostly' find better deals - reason enough to look for a deal online.The eBay India Mobile Commerce Survey results indicated that a large majority of Indian smartphone users are accessing the mobile internet and as many as 64% of them have upgraded to 3G services. As many as 80% of the respondents claimed to be always on the internet, no matter wherever they go.Mobile Assisted Commerce (MAC) has grown to a new level as over 94% of Indian smartphone users access the internet on their mobile. Shopping is the third most popular category of search after emails &amp; social networking. The study found that 70% of smartphone users access online shopping websites - a trend that can be very exciting for e-commerce giants.\"eBay India started monitoring the m-commerce industry starting February and since then the progress has been rapid. We got very good response. Customers look for better deals, store availability; research product features and then do final transaction through mobile based browsers and applications. We put forward the 'check your mobile before you reach for your wallet' notion and the idea clicked. Now people actually started transacting and the trend is encouraging,\" says Head Partnerships, eBay India, Deepa Thomas, while talking to TOI.\"e-Bay globally is expecting to do a business of $8 million this year - a growth rate of 60% YoY. The global market is ready for smartphones and tablets to do the business,\" adds Thomas.The survey found that surfing from home is the favourite access point for mobile internet. This proves the multitasking capabilities of the users as they prefer not to sit in front of old desktops and rather shop through their smartphone while at home also. Over 84% of the 4,500 survey respondents expressed that they access mobile internet at home followed by 66% who access it at work and 55% who access it while waiting for their friends. Shopping malls, restaurants, theatres, airports and while commuting were other times of access.Talking of price comparison, the survey reveals that over 87% of Indian smartphone users compare product prices online. This is more popular than travel tickets, movie timings or contact details.Youths are the driving market for m-commerce and the survey reads that gadgets are the most popular online purchases. Over 68% of mobile internet users have bought gadgets on their smartphone followed by 40% who have bought clothes and footwear and 34% who have bought books.The eBay study also noted that 68% of users have made an online purchase using their smartphones. Most of the users are tech-savvy youths opting for ease while doing their purchase. \"The age group of 25-35 years is a major driving force. Knowledge of tech-savvy applications, availability of smartphones and looking for ease of use drive youths to opt for m-commerce. The scene had been different had we did this survey a year back. The market is more mature now and is looking for growth,\" adds Thomas.M-commerce users are savvy shoppers and use their smart phones to check product prices (84%). Other popular activities are to locate a store (65%), research product features (57%), find deals (55%) and check product availability (48%). Samsung &amp; Nokia (40% each) are the smartphone of choice for the mobile Indians. The iPhone (17%) is the third most popular smartphone brand.This week, Google launched a new initiative called Mobile Move in Italy to help firms exploit the many opportunities related to the growing success of smartphones. According to Google, a site that is easily navigable and usable by smartphones is increasingly important for business, in a scenario where the mobile segment is growing rapidly.Despite its tremendous promise, m-commerce is facing significant acceptance barriers. Generally, mobile users find it inconvenient to scroll through large amounts of information using a small screen and often inconvenient keypads. Mobile browsers are often regarded as inadequate by the users and they prefer to just research, rather than purchase a product through the mobile device. Mobile applications have become the new way to attract users on the move. \"Apps provide a better interface in comparison to browsers. But given the clutter, most people still prefer to opt for browsers and apps are downloaded only once a while. Apps can be a very good shop-in-the mobile but popularity will only increase when people know the utility. eBay survey found that 93% of users still opt for browsers,\" says Deepa Thomas of eBay India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400930", "title": "Major Saurabh Saharan's father wants status check on US woman implicating his son", "text": "JAIPUR: The father of Major Saurabh Saharan, currently facing court martial proceedings for violating the Army Rules by having a relationship and friendship with a foreign woman, has written to the income tax department in Rajasthan to inquire about the income of the US woman Nancey Chapman, who is living in India for more than a decade now.Maj Saharan is facing court martial after a written complaint was made by Chapman against Saharan alleging that the major had duped her several lakh of rupees.Maj Saharan belongs to a family of soldiers who are in the army for five generations and his father, a colonel, is deeply distressed that his son has been picked up singly by the Army for court martial without ascertaining the status of Chapman.Col Saharan in a letter addressed to the director of revenue intelligence in the income tax commissioner's office in Jaipur on April 18 this year said the tax authorities should inquire about the status of Chapman, who is working as a jewellery designer and living in a posh flat at Prithivraj Road in Jaipur.He wanted the income tax people to verify the source of her income and how she is living in India for such a long time when she could get a business visa only recently to stay in India.The colonel further wanted to know that since the US woman in her cross examination by the Army juries during the court of inquiry admitted that she gave a lot of money in Indian currency to his son to purchase a car, it should be made clear how the money was acquired by her and the source of the money.The aggrieved father in his letter to the income tax urged that a full investigation should be made on the earnings and dealings of Chapman in India and whether she maintains any bank account in her name.Col Saharan said the authorities should also check the arrival records of Chapman in India. On two different occasions, she has stated to the immigration authorities that she was a tourist and on another visit, she declared herself as a government employee.Col Saharan said she claimed that to be from the family of the brand owner Tabasco, the food giant in US, but on inquiry it was found that Tabasco has no connections with her.During the cross examination when she was examined as a prosecution witness by the Army against Maj Saharan, Chapman was asked how she was living in the posh flat and maintained a car and a driver when she had no regular income, But in the cross examination she did not reply to these questions as she thought it was not linked to the case.Interestingly, Maj Saharan has challenged the way the summary of evidence proceedings against him was initiated by the Army.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13406620", "title": "Viswanathan Anand may not require tie-breaks: K Humpy", "text": "PUNE: India's K Humpy, women's World chess championship finalist last year, said that Viswanathan Anand has \"high chances\" to win the ongoing battle for the men's crown against Boris Gelfand.\"The match has entered a crucial stage,\" said Humpy from Vijayawada after Anand struck back to win the eighth game on Monday to even the 12-game match score at 4-4 in Moscow .\"There will be some sort of tension. It's quite amazing that despite losing the seventh game from an equal position, Anand has managed to keep his cool. The way Gelfand lost in the eighth game, he can be nervous and could be a little weak psychologically. Anand has definite advantage now. He may not even require tie-breaks (set of rapid games if the match is tied at 6-6).\"When asked about mistakes by both players in the seventh and eighth games, Humpy said: \"You don't expect such mistakes from such high-class players. But considering that it's the World championship match, many things could be bothering them. They have to go for much more than what is there in the position.\"Humpy felt that start of the match was cautious with both players opting for a solid and safe approach. \"Gelfand went for different set ups (to catch Anand off guard).\"On Anand's previous title matches with Veselin Topalov (2010) and Vladimir Kramnik (2008), India's first woman grandmaster Humpy said: \"Anand had lost the first game to Topalov. But he reacts fast. His attitude is positive and he doesn't get too disappointed. While Topalov tried to complicate the positions and made the games exciting, Anand was equal to the task. And he simply outplayed Kramnik in the preparation of Slav defence.\"When Anand played his first World championship match against Garry Kasparov in 1995, Humpy had yet to win the National Under-10 title.True to her age, Humpy, now 25, wanted to beat Kasparov at that time. She has since beaten Anatoly Karpov (Cap d'Agde tournament, Oct 2006) albeit in the rapid format. Humpy was also world No. 2 after Judit Polgar before slipping to No. 4.The Indian had a crack at the World title but fell short against Hou Yifan of China last year. \"I was in a hurry to get the result. I was desperate to win Game 3 (8-game match) with white pieces. But after watching these masters at work, I realize that you have to be patient. But I guess it also comes with the experience,\" said Humpy.\"I had lost about 20 Elo points after the World title match. Since then I haven't played much. My goal is to improve my rating (currently 2589, all-time high 2622). I'm playing in Georgia (World rapid and blitz) and then maybe a Grand Prix in Russia . I have to play three Grand Prix this year to be in the running for Championship cycle. I'm not sure of playing in the Olympiad (Turkey: August 27-September 10 this year) yet.\"The ninth game of Anand-Gelfand match is slated to start at 1630 IST with the Israeli having white pieces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13403492", "title": "2,000 recruits wait for induction in Punjab police", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Six months after clearing the tough physical and written tests of Punjab police, more than 2,000 selected recruits, including males and females, are still awaiting their induction in the state police force.The recruits cleared the tests during the different rallies held throughout the state in December, 2011.Agitated over dilly-dallying by Punjab police, more than 500 selected recruits gathered inside the state police headquarters, Sector 9, on Tuesday.Initially, nobody was ready to meet these candidates. They were only allowed to enter the headquarters after they requested security guards appointed at the two entry gates.Senior police officials claimed, \"Recruits are not being inducted as the code of conduct has been implemented ahead of MC elections in four districts of Punjab. But some of the successful candidates claimed that pathetic condition of the state treasury could also be a reason behind their non-induction.\"The MC elections are slated to be held in Amritsar, Jalandhar, Ludhiana and Patiala.IG (headquarters), Punjab police, Kuldeep Singh, said, \"Earlier, the recruits were not inducted due to a stay order by the Punjab and Haryana high court but it was vacated on April 24. And now prior before inducting these recruits, permission will be sought from the Election Commission.\" He said some of the successful candidates from other districts had been inducted in the police force.Ironically, one of the successful candidates, Surjit Singh, claimed that despite the implementation of code of conduct in Jalandhar district, the recruitment process of constables for Punjab Armed Police (PAP) in Jalandhar was still on.Saravjit Singh, an ex-serviceman, told TOI, \"We have taken risk of joining Punjab police after resigning from previous departments. The uncertainty and non-induction has increased our financial burdens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13403024", "title": "Satellite images , GIS to help eradicate mosquitos", "text": "KOCHI: Ever heard of satellite images helping in mosquito eradication and epidemic control? Well, that's what the global project of Kochi-based NGO, Centre for Advancement of Global Health (CAGH), is planning to undertake.It will show how Geographic Information System (GIS) and remote sensing can be used to better the public health scene in Kerala, which is plagued by epidemics every year.Held in collaboration with the Achutha Menon Centre for Health Science Studies at the Sree Chithira Thirunal Institute in Thiruvananthapuram, the project will be realized with the support of a multinational team.It aims to use satellite images to identify areas with high mosquito density and places where mosquito breeding is extensive. This will help health officials in fixing their target in their anti-mosquito drive to control diseases like dengue, malaria and chikungunya.The World Health Organization and the UN Office for Outer Space Affairs have evinced interest in the project, saying it would go a long way in making technology play a key role in public health.Along with reducing human effort and bettering the identification of areas with high mosquito population, the project will also improve the quality of data collection, thereby improving preventive measures to check diseases. It will also help cut down the amount of fogging and spraying in areas where mosquito density is less. \"Mosquito eradication is our priority as with mosquitoes around there is always the threat of an epidemic. Satellite mapping will give us a clear picture of our target areas, and GIS will provide all data regarding these places,\" said Dr Ajit N Babu, who heads CAGH. Associated with a hospital in the USA, Dr Ajit is also a member of the UN Action Team 6.While working with the UN Taskforce in 2007, he learned how satellite-based technology could help improve public health. The team is now associating with scientists in Germany, who are giving the finishing touches to a mathematical model for the project.They expect the new satellite of the Indian Space Research Organization (Isro) to give them clear images that would reveal all aspects of an area, including water bodies, stagnant water and accumulated waste.\"The images will show details about potential (mosquito) breeding sites. We will check them with the help of field workers and compare the conditions, and see if the pattern is repeated,\" said Dr Biju Soman, associate professor at Achutha Menon Centre.Athiyannur in Thiruvananthapuram has been identified as the pilot area for the project for which the cost is yet to be estimated. A workshop for experts and participants will be held during July.African countries have been using satellite mapping to control malaria. A few similar projects are taking shape in India.Satellite images to help in mosquito eradication and epidemic control? When the global project of the Kochi-based NGO, Centre for Advancement of Global Health (CAGH) becomes a reality, it would show how Geographic Information System (GIS) and remote sensing can be used to better the public health scene in Kerala plagued by epidemics every year.Held in collaboration with the Achutha Menon Centre for Health Science Studies at the Sree Chithira Thirunal Institute in Thiruvananthapuram, the project will be realized with the support of a multinational team of individuals and organizations. The aim of the project is to use satellite images to identify areas with high mosquito density and places where mosquito breeding is extensive. This would help health officials to target their anti-mosquito drive and control mosquito borne diseases like dengue fever, malaria and chikungunya which result in many casualties in the state throughout the year.The World Health Organization and the UN Office for Outer Space Affairs have evinced interest in the project would go a long way in making technology play a key role as far as public health is concerned. Along with reducing human effort and bettering the identification of areas with high mosquito population, the project would also improve the quality of data collection thereby improving disease preventive measures and bringing down the diseases. It would also cut down the amount of fogging and spraying in areas where mosquito density is comparatively less.\"We thought of mosquito eradication as the menace affects our state gravely, and there is always the threat of an epidemic. Satellite mapping would give us a clear picture of our target areas, and the GIS would give all data regarding the places,\" says Dr Ajit N Babu who heads CAGH. Associated with a hospital in USA, Dr Ajit is also a member of the United Nations Action Team 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13401231", "title": "Huge sound causes panic, turns out to be quake", "text": "NAGPUR: Rumours of a huge explosion-like sound which could be heard in a radius of about 50-60km created a scare among citizens around Wardha, Akola, Amravati, Wardha and Nagpur cities from 2.30pm until late evening on Tuesday. Some called it a mine blast, some a meteorite hitting earth, some others a ball of fire from an UFO while others even believed it to be simply rumbling thunder sound.In the end, it seems to have been an earthquake.The earthquake recording observatory of Geological Survey of India (GSI) in Jabalpur recorded tremors of 2.1 magnitude on the Richter scale, 30km east-north eat of Akola at exactly 2.32pm. \"The duration of the tremors lasted 90 seconds,\" said the deputy director general of GSI central region, Vinod Kumar told TOI. The GSI Nagpur observatory somehow missed the event.Experts at the Regional remote Sensing and Service Centre completely ruled out the possibility of a meteorite hitting the earth. \"Any object nearing earth is continuously under vigilance of various domestic and foreign agencies including Nasa. But there is no information of any such object nearing earth in near future,\" he said.Sagina Ram, a senior scientist at the GSI's Jabalpur observatory, explained that tectonic movements are common in Nanded area which is not far off from Akola. The pressure and strain created in the form of joining of cracks within the earth could result in formation of big voids which are associated with release of huge sound. But in most such cases, the tremor does not exceed 2-3 on Richter scale and so people generally don't feel it.Wardha SP Avinash Kumar confirmed that the sound was heard by the people of Arvi, Karanja and it reached up to Wardha, Amravati and Buldhana. The police checked all explosives godowns which were reported to be safe. No damage to life or limb was reported.Amravati SP S Jaykumar said, \"A huge sound was heard in Morshi and Warud area which is 90km from Amaravati. Some residents of Arvi said that they heard a sound and thought it was an earthquake.\"Wardha residential collector R Khawale said the administration did not get any information on the issue.A correspondent of a Marathi daily from Akola claimed to have seen a ball of fire while he was travelling from his home to office near Carmel School. \"I even tried to follow the ball falling down but could not see anything touching or falling on the ground,\" he claimed.In Nagpur Chandrashekhar Chikhale, zilla parishad vice president, visited Kondhali area (Sabkund village), about 70km from city. \"People here too heard a sound but they claimed it was sound of a helicopter or plane crash. But no one saw anything,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13403738", "title": "Will brother replace \u2018bhai\u2019 in Narendra Modi cabinet?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After Keshubhai Patel there is another 'bhai', Parshottam Solanki, who is proving to be a thorn in the side of chief minister Narendra Modi . The Andheri-based strongman is a junior minister for fisheries in the Gujarat government and is threatening the chief minister with dire political consequences if he does not get protection from the Rs 400-crore fishing scam which is on the radar of the high court.The entire Koli community, which Solanki represents, calls him 'bhai' as he styles himself like an underworld don. Solanki was indicted by the Srikrishna Commission for his alleged involvement in the 1993 Mumbai riots. On March 30, the Gujarat high court directed the state government to give sanction to prosecute Solanki in the corruption case within three months, failing which the governor will have to take a call.While Solanki would like the state government to appeal in the Supreme Court, the legal department does not see any merit in doing so because the minister seemingly bungled while awarding fishing contracts in 2008. Solanki is upset that the case was not properly handled by his cabinet minister, Dileep Sanghani, a close aide of the chief minister. His supporters are angry that unlike former ministers Amit Shah and Mayaben Kodnani, who got government support, 'bhai' has been dumped.Koli votes - almost 20% in the coastal belt - are very important in the run-up to the assembly elections later this year. Though the Congress would like him to switch and is in touch with Solanki, they are not negotiating hard because the allegations of corruption would dent the party's image, like it happened in the recent UP elections when Babu Singh Kushwaha moved from the BSP to BJP.The Koli community has a herd mentality and 'bhai' can clearly hit the BJP in at least 20 assembly seats, apart from tilting the balance in a dozen more. As a serving minister, he has already started talking against the government at community gatherings. He has also established links with known Modibaiters like Keshubhai, who has become a rallying point for Patels, the other numerically strong community.BJP is now persuading Solanki that it was willing to incorporate his brother, Hira, an MLA from Rajula in the cabinet. Only time will tell whether Solanki takes the bait or not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13402590", "title": "Association urges Air India to expedite memorial works", "text": "MANGALORE: The Mangalore Air Crash Victims' Families Association has resolved to urge the Air India management to expedite the construction of a community hall, memorial and a library in Malavooru Gram Panchayat.Commemorating the second anniversary of the horrific crash of Air India (AI) Boeing IX 812, which resulted in the death of 158 persons including six crew members, the members also resolved to urge the Air India to build a compound wall where the unidentified bodies were buried in unmarked graves near Tannir Bhavi.Mahammed Beary, president of the association told TOI that also the AI management should take steps to auction the unclaimed jewellery and hand over the money to build the community hall. \"The community hall should be christened as Souharda Bhavan as per the suggestion of noted doctor BM Hegde,'' he said.The memorial built in memory of the victims of the air crash at Ground Zero was vandalized in October 2010, after which AI had plans to build a community hall. The plan has not fructified till date due to some technicalitiess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402442", "title": "Coalgate: Opposition targets govt, Left seeks JPC probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition parties on Tuesday sought to put the government on the mat over the Coalgate scam front-paged by TOI with Parliament adjourned till noon and Left demanding a joint parliamentary probe on the reported Rs 1.8 lakh crore benefit to private companies.Opposition members stalled question hour in both Houses demanding a discussion on the CAG report. As soon as Rajya Sabha met for the day, Rajiv Pratap Rudy (BJP) said he had given a notice for suspension of question hour to take up discussion on the CAG report. Rudy was joined by other BJP members including Prakash Javadekar.Minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla said the CAG report was not yet tabled. \"Where is the report? Report has not been tabled,\" he said.Chairman Hamid Ansari said CAG reports were tabled and discussions were held only after that. \"It can't be taken up in this manner. You cannot do this,\" he ruled before adjourning the House till noon. Similar scenes were played out in Lok Sabha with BJP's Ananth Kumar, CPI and CPM members protesting against the \"numerous scams\".'Left members came to the well of the House forcing the lower House to be adjourned. The members, waving copies of TOI, raised slogans like 'three years of UPA, more than 30 scams', 'Down with the UPA government', 'Is this the way a democracy functions'.When the LS met at noon, CPM's Bansa Gopal Chowdhury demanded a JPC probe. \"Three years of the UPA government have seen scam after scam. Now we have yet another scam. CAG report (on coal scam) has not been placed in Parliament but estimates show that this scam is more than the 2G spectrum scam,'' he said.Noting that coal mines were nationalized by then prime minister Indira Gandhi to the benefit of the country and its workers, he said, \"Since 2004, coal blocks are being leased to private sector... Public sector Coal India Limited (CIL) is now being hijacked by private companies.\"He said CIL, a Maharatna company, had the financial strength to exploit the entire coal reserves in the country and there was no reason to allow private sector entry.Chowdhury claimed that private companies were taking over large chunks of land from farmers without paying any compensation to them. Of the 155 coal blocks given to the private sector, no work had begun in 124 of them, he claimed.Alleging that national resources were being looted, the CPM member demanded a thorough probe into the \"scam\" by a JPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13408178", "title": "Anna Hazare admitted to Nashik hospital", "text": "NASHIK: Anna Hazare was today admitted to a local hospital for medical checkup after he complained of fatigue and weakness.74-year-old Hazare, who arrived here this morning from Dhule town as part of his state-wide tour for strong Lokayukta Bill, has been taken to Saibaba Heart Institute and Research Centre, where he is being examined by doctors, hospital sources said.\"Hazare cancelled his Nandurbar district tour due to fatigue and weakness,\" P B Karanjkar, president of the Nashik unit of Bhratachar Virodhi Andolan said.He, however, said that there was nothing serious about Hazare's health and added that the Gandhian is scheduled to address a public meeting here tomorrow evening.Hazare has been on a month-long tour of the state on the Lokayukta Bill issue from May 1.In January, Hazare had been hospitalised for a week, which had forced him to call off his tour of five-poll-bound states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13406746", "title": "'Mobile addicted parents guilty of child neglect'", "text": "LONDON: Parents who constantly fiddle with mobile phones and iPads in front of their kids are actually driving them to a lifelong dependency on screens, a leading psychologist has warned.This addiction to computers, mobile phones and television has striking similarities to alcoholism, and parents who have this habit are guilty of \"benign neglect\" towards their children, said Dr Aric Sigman, a biologist and an Associate Fellow of the British Psychological Society.According to Sigman, children born today will have spent about an entire year of their lives watching some form of small screen by the time they turn seven.The effect could be long-term changes to children's brain circuitry similar to those in other forms of dependency and it is time parents should \"regain control\" of their households, he told the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health annual conference in Glasgow .\"Passive parenting in the face of the new environment is a form of benign neglect and not in the best interests of children. Parents must regain control of their households,\" he was quoted as saying by the Daily Telegraph.Last month a Europe-wide report called for nurseries to ban televisions and advised parents to resist pleas to let children have them in their bedrooms, in a bid to fight obesity among young people.Sigman drew on research which suggests an association between high levels of screen use and both type two diabetes and cardiovascular disease.Comparing the screen dependency with alcoholism, he said that on-screen novelty and stimulation causes the release of dopamine, a chemical which plays a key role in the brain's reward system and may lead to the formation of addictions.Boys whose parents watch more than four hours a day of television are more than 10 times more likely to develop the same habit as those whose parents do not, he said.He also singled out parents who maintain high levels of \"eye-to-screen contact\" at home, warning that they are likely to instill similar behaviour in their children.\"Technology should be a tool, not a burden or a health risk,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400650", "title": "Raise false alarm and land in jail", "text": "NAGPUR: Creating panic by raising a false alarm of thieves can now land one behind bars. City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay has asked police stations that people who spread panic and rumours should be dealt with severely. The latest diktat followed the lynching of three innocent Bahurupiyas in Kalamna on May 9.CP Dhanvijay has alerted the police station in-charges of Sakkardara, Kalamna, Nandanvan, Hudkeshwar and Sonegaon where various types of rumours pertaining to thieves and molesters targeting women have been doing the rounds. Dhanvijay said that the citizens should contact the control room by dialling 100 or inform the nearest police station if they felt that there could be a thief instead of raising an alarm without verifying substantially.\"One can catch a thief with the help of others or on one's own which would be welcome but suddenly creating a ruckus with mischievous gossips and meaningless banters about such thieves or miscreants whom no one spotted or heard could mean landing in jail,\" said the top cop. He said that police were in no mood to tolerate rumours that could have tragic consequences.The rumours, which had reached almost to a point of frenzy in the slums at the city's outskirts, had resulted in angry mob lynching the three Bahurupiyas who had come to Kalamna to seek alms, a common practice among Nathyogi community to which they belonged. Police were under scanner as mob had even targeted them when they tried to rescue the Bahurupiyas. One could be saved by the cops.Rumours of thieves and perverts had been doing the rounds in many slums since a fortnight creating fear of being looted and raped by miscreants who come in women's attire. The Bahurupiya men who lost their lives in the mob attack were also in the women's attire which is their community's traditional way of seeking alms.Apart from Kalamna, reports of such frenzy were also heard from places like Nandanvan, Yashodhara Nagar and Hudkeshwar where people thrashed strangers in their colonies taking them to be the miscreants who robbed and raped women. Kalamna police have arrested 30 persons in the lynching case while manhunt has been launched for a few more.Dhanvijay has also appealed that no women volunteers would be allowed to patrol in the night in their localities. \"We are inviting able-bodied and fit young men to approach police with their intention to keep vigil in their localities. Police would be provided with each citizens' group or an individual for patrolling a neighbourhood by the night,\" said the CP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13402929", "title": "Polish couple missing in Cauvery adventure", "text": "MANDYA: A Polish couple is feared lost after setting out for rafting in the Cauvery about 100 km from Bangalore, in a place called Muttatti. Police said Richard Landorton, 45, and Mickel Easten, 40, began rafting from Bheemeshwari fishing camp on May 19. They asked their cab driver Shravan to wait downstream in Dharmapuri in Tamil Nadu for them.Shravan reached Dharmapuri by road and waited for them until May 20. When they did not turn up, he made several phone calls which did not reach them. Suspecting worse, he informed Taneka Automobiles where Richard Landorton works as project manager. Mickel Easten is with Shell in Bangalore.S Jayaprabhu, Taneka's HR manager, rushed to Halagur police station to lodge a missing persons complaint on Monday night. Cops alerted their higher-ups and launched search operations with the help of expert divers and fire brigade personnel.\"However, given the long distance and thick forest all along the Cauvery, tracing them has become tough,\" said SP Koushalendrakumar who is monitoring the search. He said police were in touch with their counterparts in Tamil Nadu. \"We have neither located the couple nor are able to find their belongings and the raft. We will continue our search,\" he said.MD Umesh, a conservationist, said rafting from Muttatti up to Tamil Nadu in the Cauvery is always fraught with danger. \"Both perhaps were misguided about rafting in the Cauvery. Reaching Tamil Nadu through rafting, starting from Muttati, is unimaginable. Cauvery is full of whirlpools, precarious rock formations, and waterfalls. The flowing velocity of water is very high in many places,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13401158", "title": "Another fire at Vizag Steel Plant causes loss of property worth Rs 1 crore", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: In yet another fire accident in Visakha Steel Plant, a conveyor belt carrying raw material to new blast furnace completely melted in the wee hours of Tuesday. The incident stalled production and caused a property loss of about Rs one crore. No causality was reported.The accident happened at 4 am at the sinter plant near the blast furnace III, which was erected as part of the plan to expand plant capacity to 6.3 million tonnes about a month ago. The 300-metre belt (S-9) which was to convey the raw materials - iron ore, sinter and dolomite - to the blast furnace from sinter plant, caught fire and was burnt to ashes.Lack of maintenance and cleaning of the conveyor belt is said to have been the reason behind the accident. The belts which run on rollers gather dust and become hard within a few days. This can cause a fire, said Recognized Union Progressive Front president Adinarayana. The same might have happened in this case also, he told TOI.The authorities are trying to replace the conveyor belt and resume production.This is the third fire accident in the steel plant this year. Two contract workers, who were cleaning the slag with a proclainer at the slag pit of the blast furnace, were burnt alive in a major fire mishap at the newly commissioned blast furnace III on May 1. The hot metal had gushed out from the slag pit and killed the two contract workers.In another fire accident that took place in the steel melting shop (SMS) wing on February 6, huge quantity of hotel metal fell on the transfer car and the track from a 15 meter high ladle. Both the transfer car and the track were burnt to ashes, causing a loss of Rs one crore as the operations came to a stand still.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402531", "title": "Bundelkhand drought may figure in BJP's national meet", "text": "LUCKNOW: The growing number of farmer suicides and water scarcity in Bundelkhand region is set to figure prominently in the coming session of national executive meeting of the BJP scheduled to be held on May 24 and May 25. Speaking to TOI, former BJP president Rajnath Singh , said, \"Things for the most neglected, but much politicised region continue to be as worrisome as they were during the BSP rule and despite all assurances of changing the fate of Bundelas, Samajwadi Party is proving to be equally indifferent to their plight.\"At least 16 farmers have committed suicide in Bundelkhand since SP assumed power in the recently concluded UP assembly elections, Rajnath said. During last 10 days alone, there have been three suicides reported from the region, he claimed quoting the statistics compiled by a party team. \"On last Monday, Monu Singh, a 25-year-old farmer from Banda's Tindwari block hanged himself after failing to pay off a bank loan of Rs 35,000. But despite the mounting number of cases, the state government has not initiated any measures to provide relief to the victims families,\" he said.The region Rajnath said has witnessed a fierce turf war between the BSP and Congress over last four years. \"A slew of schemes were announced by the state and central governments. Mayawati , during her entire tenure tried to make political capital out of Centre's apathy to her demand for special Bundelkhand package. Congress made a great show of concern by holding a pre-election rally, which was presided over by PM Manmohan Singh and AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi. Both aired their resolve to transform Bundelkhand into the land of plenty, but the statements proved to be mere meaningless promises,\" Rajnath said.Hamirpur MLA Sadhvi Niranjan Jyoti had also tried to highlight the issue by faxing the letter to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav a fortnight ago. The MLA had narrated the first hand account of the sorry condition after having toured a dozen villages in her constituency, which included a graphical description of how the locals were ferrying water in the bullock carts.Endorsing her allegations, Rajnath said, \"Banda, Hamirpur, Orai and Jalaun are facing a severe crisis. People have to trudge 5-6 kilometres to fetch water as all ponds have dried down and the fancy schemes for ground water recharge have just been confined to government files. Crop is drying up and death of cattle is adding to the woes of the farmers.\"The state of affairs in Bundelkhand needs urgent attention and solution, which the present regime is not able to provide, Rajnath said. \"I would be raising the issue in the executive meeting and also tour the area to compile a fact sheet to expose the ground reality,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401337", "title": "Gurgaon women on night watch", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when rape cases are reported with alarming regularity across Gurgaon, a motley bunch of women's organizations have taken to the streets of Millennium City by night in order to carry out a safety audit of Gurgaon. Walking down dark alleys and dimly lit pavements, their study throws up a whole host of obvious flaws in urban design.The study was headed by Jagori, a pioneer in researching gender and space in Delhi, and included groups such as Let's Walk Gurgaon, Saksham and Girlcott. Their findings show that, if a woman is cornered on a dark street and wants to flee from her assailant, chances are she will trip on bad quality pavements or run into a series of obstacles from parked cars to poorly placed street furniture.Urban designer Rwitee Mandal points to the huge, opaque boundary walls between streets and private properties, isolating those walking on the street. Instead of opaque walls, she suggests fencing that would allow people in housing societies to see what is going on outside.\"There is no semblance of planning or design in Gurgaon, with builders constructing whatever they wish to. But with Gurgaon turning into a larger, cosmopolitan city, there is a dire need to plan for public spaces,\" says Kalpana Viswanath of Jagori.Take for instance the stretch between Grand Mall and Bristol Hotel, where both pavements between the main road and service lane and between the service lane and mall lane are sandwiched between two vehicular roads with moving traffic and parked cars. This makes pedestrians feel particularly vulnerable. The report suggests a green strip along the 'vehicular edge' of the pavement, at the right height to cushion the pavement from the road, while at the same time ensuring the pavement is not blocked from view.The same stretch, says the report, has \"discontinuous pavements with missing pavers, broken kerbs, gaping holes, encroachments and visual &amp; physical hurdles made with randomly placed street furniture.\" Add to this the fact that the pavement is so narrow that two people cannot walk past without brushing each other. There are no pavements along the road between Sikanderpur metro station and Bristol Chowk.According to the report, the stretch between Grand Mall and Bristol Hotel is \"vehicle friendly and not pedestrian friendly,\" with light poles oriented to throw light on the roads and not pavements. The recommendation made by the report is simple. \"Prioritize pedestrians over vehicles.\" The report suggests street lighting for the pavements, too.The presence of hawkers is found to make streets safer for women. Take for instance the informal fish market near Sikanderpur Metro Station which functions all days of the week till 10pm. \"It is set up every evening on an unused parcel of land, well lit by the fish stalls' yellow bulbs and is bustling with buyers and sellers. Since the market activates a part of the street by forming a vibrant edge with its merchandise, it automatically generates what is called natural surveillance for its immediate setting. People feel safer by numbers and the surrounding has more pairs of eyes watching/overlooking it...\" says the report.A number of areas surveyed in Chakkarpur have poor public lighting, with shadows created by trees, parked cars and light intersections across the street. Several stretches have 'entrapment' areas such as the small spaces kept by the mall around JMD Regent Arcade, many of which are dark zones that often lie unused. Plugging obvious flaws in public infrastructure in order to make the city safer for women is not on anyone's priority list, added Vishwanath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401181", "title": "Discoms told to repair faults", "text": "NEW DELHI: After reports of forced load-shedding at the Delhi-UP border in northeast Delhi, the power department has directed discoms to ensure that faulty transformers are repaired at the earliest to minimize consumers' inconvenience.Discoms have been told to fix local faults as soon as possible. The department has also asked power companies to act swiftly on all complaints as short duration power cuts are also unbearable in the scorching heat. The areas where the load-shedding was reported come under the jurisdiction of BSES Yamuna (BYPL), which has confirmed that the faulty transformers in the affected areas have been rectified and that the power situation is stable. BYPL officials also said that they were prepared to meet the electricity demand this summer.Large-scale theft of electricity and overloading of transformers along the Delhi-UP border area caused the faults in the two transformers. BYPL had to resort to load-shedding to safeguard the equipment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13402570", "title": "Saffron units to move court against unaltered version of Katariveera", "text": "MANGALORE: Gagged by the Bangalore city civil and sessions court order that the Kannada 3D movie `Katariveera Surasundarangi' should be exhibited unaltered, pro-Hindu organizations like Bajrang Dal and Hindu Janajagruthi Samithi (HJS) are planning to proceed legally to stop the screening of the movie.Both the pro-Hindu organizations had objected the movie on grounds that it ridicules Hindu deities and depicts them in a \"deplorable manner\".The Bangalore court had passed the order after Dalita Rakshana Vedike approached the court seeking direction to the producer not to effect any cuts as recommended by some religious organizations. The order was issued on May 17, after producer of the movie Munirathna screened an edited version of the movie at Renukamba Preview theatre to seers from important mutts, led by Santosh Guruji, apart from activists of Bajrang Dal and Vishwa Hindu Parishad.Sharan Pumpwell, convener of Bajrang Dal, said, \"The public will file complaints against the movie at Mangalore North (Bunder) and Urva police stations on Tuesday. Simultaneously, pramukhs in Bangalore will take a decision on filing a Public Interest Litigation against the movie in that city within the next two days. If the movie has to be shown it should be with the cuts suggested by us.''HJS on Monday held a protest at a single screen theatre in the city and submitted memoranda to the district administration, police and the theatre owner. HJV coordinator, Ramesh Nayak said, \"On Monday, HJV state spokesperson Mohan Gowda will meet the Censor Board members to urge them to ban the movie. If they don't, we will continue our fight legally to stop the movie from being screened.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13403624", "title": "12 persons sustain injuries as pick-up van overturns", "text": "INDORE: As many as 12 passengers sustained minor injuries when a pick-up vehicle in which they were travelling overturned while negotiating a turn near Yashwant Sagar here early on Tuesday morning.They were all admitted to a private hospital in the city. Depalpur police station in-charge Ghanshyam Bamania said the incident took place at around 5.20 am when 16 villagers from Hatod were coming to Indore to purchase vegetables. Quoting the injured, the police said that the driver was driving the vehicle in a reckless manner. While negotiating a turn, the driver lost control on the wheels and it overturned, he added. The vehicle was a new one and did not even bear a registration number.The police sources said the passengers trapped under the vehicle were taken out with the help of the local people, who rushed to the spot seeing the cries of the victims. No one was though seriously injured in the incident, they added. Investigation was on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401691", "title": "Congmen for new Goa leader", "text": "PANAJI: There's turmoil in the Congress. Following the Cortalim byelection fiasco, party workers and MLAs have demanded the ouster of the state Congress leadership, including the high command representatives, from their respective posts.Speaking to TOI, Cumbharjua MLA Pandurang Madkaikar said the withdrawal of the party candidate's nomination was a failure of the party leadership.\"The party should take serious note of this and revamp the organization by replacing GPCC president Subhash Shirodkar, opposition leader Pratapsingh Rane, Goa desk in charge J S Brar and AICC general secretary Sudhakar Reddy.\"Congressmen were highly critical of the party leadership for not having nominated a 'dummy candidate', a precaution all major political parties take, during the election process. In case the candidate's nomination is rejected, the dummy can then fight the election.Blaming the party leadership for the mess, St Cruz MLA Atanasio 'Babush' Monserrate said there was no coordination among Congress leaders in Goa. \"One leader is fighting the other,\" Monserrate said, adding that the high command is not aware of the ground reality in the state. He hoped that the leadership in Delhi would now take corrective steps.Monserrate said that since the party is out of power, no leader was interested in working. \"Leadership should be given to a young person but the question is who that young leader could be,\" Monserrate said.Quepem MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar feels the party is repeating mistakes committed in the past.\"Now the time has come for party workers to come together keeping aside differences to revamp the party and to work for the future,\" Kavlekar said.Dabolim MLA Mauvin Godinho was had refused to accept the task of being chief campaign manager for the Cortalim byelection said, \"There has to be a drastic change in the party. Shirodkar, Rane, Brar and Reddy should be replaced by new leaders to take the party forward.\"From P1Senior Congress leader and former Union minister Ramakant Khalap too suggests a revamp of the party organization. He said everybody should take the responsibility for what happened. \"I would suggest that Congress reinvent itself. A lot of bad things happened in the last few years and the party should be totally revamped so that new blood can come forward and bring success in the future,\" Khalap said.Former union minister and senior party leader Eduardo Faleiro expressed disappointment at the development. \"The opposition is as important as the government. Today's opposition is tomorrow's government,\" Faleiro said adding that that the opposition must be kept alive. When pressed to comment on the withdrawal by the Congress candidate, Faleiro curtly said \"money talks and money sings\".Office bearers talking to TOI too expressed similar sentiments. They reasoned that having experienced the manner in which Manohar Parrikar worked as chief minister between 2000 and 2005, the Congress leadership should have been extra cautious as pressure tactics on contestants were to be expected.Though Raymond D'Sa, who withdrew his candidature, said top Congress leaders failed to get locals party politicians, including Churchill Alemao and Godinho, to support his candidature, there is speculation that there was pressure on D'Sa to withdraw with regard to a dry dock he runs. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "13402926", "title": "Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto inaugurates three check dams in Dhanbad", "text": "DHANBAD: Deputy chief minister Sudesh Mahto on Monday laid the foundation stones of six river bridges and five minor irrigation projects here, hoping that with completion of the bridges the rural road connectivity to remote areas would improve.Mahto also inaugurated three check dams constructed for Rs 1.06 crore and a stadium at Baghmara for Rs 80 lakh. He hoped the projects would be completed within the stipulated period. He asked the officers to ensure quality of the bridges and dams.Local legilslators Phulchand Mandal, Umakanat Rajak and senior officials were present.Mahto refused comment on the investigations by the CBI into the horse trading charges against legislators in the Rajya Sabha election. He denied any tension at Ekra where two groups of workers of Jharkhand Vikas Morcha and All Jharkhand Students Union were invoved. One person had died in the clash. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13403056", "title": "Bhopal railway station to have escalator", "text": "BHOPAL: If you have a back pain or face problem to climb stairs, there is good news for you in the store as West Central Railway (WCR) has decided to set up an escalator and a travelator at the Bhopal railway station and Habibganj station.\"We have decided to install an escalator on platform number one side of the main station and travelator at platform no 5 side at Habibang,\" Bhopal senior divisional commercial manager (SDCM) Mandip Singh Bhatia told TOI.He said these moving walkways would be installed with an estimated cost of around Rs 1.5 crore in three months.Bhatia said around 50,000 passengers undertake their journey by roughly 120 trains originating or passes from the Bhopal station daily. Similarly, about 25,000 passengers undertake take journey from Habibganj station from where more than 50 trains originate or pass daily. Large number of people might be coming to these two stations to receive or see off their relatives boarding trains, he said.\"We have taken the people friendly decision keeping in view oldies, patients and others facing stair climbing problem,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13402326", "title": "Karnataka Vikas Grameen Bank nets Rs 128 crore profit", "text": "DHARWAD: Karnataka Vikas Grameen Bank (KVGB) has recorded a growth of Rs 1,706 crore over last year and has reached a business level of Rs 10,803 crore with a growth rate of 18.75 per cent.KVGB chairman C Sambasiva Reddy told reporters here on Saturday that the bank's net profit for the year 2011-2012 stood at Rs 128 crore showing a growth of 35%. The bank's capital plus reserves have risen to Rs 839 crore from Rs 711 crore. The bank has got a total clientele base of more than 5 million and is at the top among the RRBs in South India, Reddy claimed.On the deposit front there has been an increase from Rs 5,406 crore to Rs 6,187 crore registering a growth of 14.45 %.Under the financial inclusion scheme, the KVGB has covered 418 villages, of this in 53 villages Bric and Morter Branches are opened and in 365 villages. The bank plans to open 50 regular branches and 50 ultra small branches and achieve a business-level of Rs 13,000 crore. Declaring 50 more villages as solar villages and establishing 9 financial literacy centers are other schemes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13401055", "title": "Couple booked for duping people of Rs 55L", "text": "NAGPUR: Rana Pratap Nagar police have booked a couple, Jayant and Varsha Jhamre, for duping five people of Rs55 lakhs under the pretext of providing 6% interest per month through their finance company.Residing at Swawlambi Nagar, the Jhamre couple owned a finance company named GS Capital Services and Finance Services at Deviprabha Enclave Pioneer Housing Society under the jurisdiction of Rana Pratap Nagar police station. Police said that as per the scheme, they were assuring returns of 6% interest on deposits kept with them.Complainant Gulab Meshram and five others deposited lakhs of rupees with the couple. Jhamres even handed them agreement papers and also gave each of them cheques.The fraud came to light when the bank told the complainants that the cheques had bounced. Meshram and others lodged a police complaint against the Jhamres for duping them of Rs 55 lakh. Police said they went to the couple's residence, but they had locked their office and house and were untraceable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400645", "title": "Mercury hits another high at 45.4 C", "text": "NAGPUR: The day temperature soared to 45.4 degrees Celsius in the city on Tuesday, the highest of the season so far, even as trace rainfall was recorded in some areas of the city. The weathermen say the heat will only rise in the next few days while assuring that the monsoon this year was expected to be normal and on schedule.Chandrapur and Wardha saw the temperature touching 46 degrees. While the highest temperature of the day was three degrees above normal, the minimum temperature was also four degrees above normal at 31.8 degrees Celsius.\"Cyclonic circulation over Bihar and adjacent areas has created a low pressure area making the region cloudy. Even so, dry winds coming in from Rajasthan towards the region are making the mercury rise over Central India,\" informed Vijay Barapatre, director of the regional met centre.Over the next couple of days, these clouds will also subside as western disturbance is being observed over Jammu and Kashmir. This would make the temperatures rise by a couple of degrees more, said Barapatre.The long range forecast for monsoon by the Indian Meteorological Department has already declared that rains will arrive on schedule. \"The conditions look favourable for rains to reach the Andaman and Nicobar islands in the next three or four days. If the conditions remain the same, monsoon will reach Kerala by June 1 and in the region a couple of weeks later,\" said Barapatre.However, despite the met department's declaration of normal monsoon, the city has been getting rains late for the last couple of years. Last year, too, it was only after June 20 that the monsoon arrived in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13402864", "title": "Central committee to discuss VS Achuthanandan's letter", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM will take up VS's letter for a discussion only after the Neyattinkara bypoll. A meeting of the politburo decided on Tuesday that the letter, highlighting organisational issues in Kerala, must be discussed at the central committee meet to be held on June 9 and 10.Contrary to the earlier reports that VS had \"threatened'' to quit the post of opposition leader citing non-compatibility with Pinarayi Vijayan, PB member Sitaram Yechuri that the veteran had made no such move.\"Appropriate decisions will be taken with regard to the organisational matters in Kerala at the appropriate time,\" Yechuri told reporters when asked whether there would be a leadership change in Kerala.Sources in the state CPM said there was nothing surprising in the decision of the PB to discuss the letter in the CC. \"It is a routine process. But, how can the CC endorse the demands made by VS? He needed a change in leadership which is not possible as per the party constitution. The secretary and state committee were elected three months ago and they have almost three years of tenure remaining,\" said a state committee member. According to him, nothing serious will emerge after the debate as the CC will only endorse the stand of the state leadership.It is also learnt that the CPM state secretariat, scheduled to meet here on June 3 and 4, will prepare a detailed report on the anti-party activities of VS which will be sent to the CC ahead of the June 9 meeting. \"In that event, the CC will have to discuss both documents and have to finalise a disciplinary action against VS,\" he said.Sources close to VS said they had no clue about the leader's intentions. \"VS is taking a wait and watch approach. We were not told anything about the future course of action,\" said an aide. The initial hope of a section of VS sympathisers that he will go ahead and float a new political outfit also died down as the leader refused to utter a single word on that.\"It is unlikely that he will go out of the party on his own. If expelled, there is every chance that he would float a new party that would serve as a platform for CPM dissidents to come together,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13403646", "title": "More girls should join railways, says city\u2019s only woman travelling ticket examiner", "text": "INDORE: Ticket please, a sweet but firm female voice occasionally greets the passengers hurrying out of the crammed Indore railway station. Taken aback, one finds a diminutive, frail woman in black coat. Meet the woman- Sheetal Gajbhiye, the only woman travelling ticket examiner (TTE) at Indore railway station.The 25-year-old Sheetal shared her experiences with TOI. \"More often some passengers hit back at me when I demand ticket from them --- which or what ticket?\" says Sheetal highlighting about problems at work.This is, says she, because of my personality (pointing at herself). Sheetal's frail and small stature belies her responsibilities, but she leaves no stone unturned in delivering her duty diligently. She throws herself in the gushing crowd for identifying ticketless travelers and slapping fine on them. She joined the Indian railways as a class IV employee but strived to become a ticket collector some two years back and realized her dreams by clearing various departmental examinations. \"It seems that the people in Indore are not used to women ticket examiners,\" said Sheetal, who hails from Nagpur.Initially, it was a struggle to adjust in the male dominated field. However, over a period of time, Sheetal learned the tricks of trade and picked up fast.\"I am motivated by the fact that people of late have realized that women are in no way less than the male folks,\" she said, adding that the city needs more women ticket collectors to maintain the balance as it becomes difficult for the male officers to handle women passengers. At times, said Sheetal, even her male colleagues need her help to tackle erring women passengers. There are two women ticket examiners in Ratlam railway division one at Ratlam station and the other at Indore.Sheetal who has been an inspiration for many young girls. She feels, \"There is nothing that a woman cannot do. One needs to step out to know the world and prove their existence. After me, many girls from my town (Nagpur) have opted for this career.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13402018", "title": "Ahemdabad policemen to parade before doctors", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police personnel are not a healthy lot. Irregular working hours, prolonged exposure to pollution - especially for traffic cops - tobacco use and unhealthy food habits are cutting down their life expectancy. A recent study conducted by Ahmedabad Medical Association (AMA) highlighted the fact that many cops were suffering from pulmonary diseases and asthma.To determine the overall health condition of the city's cops and to understand what is ailing them, Police Welfare Hospital and AMA are organizing a massive health checkup drive next month after the Rath Yatra. All officials and personnel will be given health cards on the basis of which they will have to follow up with the police hospital if found to be suffering from any ailment.Sanjay Shrivastav, joint commissioner of police (headquarters), said that a meeting would take place with AMA authorities on Wednesday to chalk out a plan. \"Under the scheme, we want to cover every personnel and official of the city police,\" he said. \"Taking their cards along, they will have to consult doctors in their own area at a time convenient to them. A copy of the health report will be filed with us for analysis.\"Earlier this month, AMA conducted a medical checkup of 130 personnel on the World Asthma Day and found that 20 per cent of them were suffering from major or minor lung problems and further tests were recommended. During the Traffic Safety Week in January, more than 200 personnel underwent eye and health checkups. The results revealed that 20 to 25 per cent of the personnel were suffering from some disease.Dr Mehul Shah from AMA told TOI that a uniform format had been prepared to record data of police personnel. \"We have assigned physicians to various police station areas where the personnelcan undergo tests,\" he said. \"We want to wrap up the exercise in a matter of three weeks. It is one of the most extensive health checkup plans for police personnel in recent times.\"Component IIHow fit is our police force?Heart Ailments, Diabetes , Lung And Kidney Diseases Top Its TroublesParth Shastri | tnnAhmedabad: At a recent passing-out parade for DSPs, sub-inspectors and LRDs, no fewer than six personnel passed out - literally - with the heat taking its toll. The situation is not very different when it comes to fieldwork as life expectancy of average police personnel is no more than 60 years, according to studies.They run 1,600 metres in six minutes, jump 4.5 feet and leap 16 feet to get into the force. But people who could once inflate their chest by at least 2.5 inches lose that power after serving for a few years. Studies conducted by doctors on police personnel's health in the past show that over 80 per cent of cops never exercise - not even walking - and eat unhealthy street food.A senior police official told TOI that job-specific diseases were on the rise. \"While traffic policemen who have to work in the heat, fumes and pollution suffer from lung diseases and eye-related problems, personnel on desk jobs suffer from obesity and orthopaedic problems,\" said an official earlier associated with a health drive. \"Stress has been increasing over the period of time resulting in hypertension.\"In the previous health survey of 2011, officials found that diabetes, high blood pressure , low haemoglobin and kidney diseases were common among police personnel. The average health, however, was reported a bit better owing to the presence of newly recruited constables and sub-inspectors in the force before the tests.\"One of the major problems is food habit. They eat street food that is high on fat and does not provide them with haemoglobin, vital vitamins and minerals,\" the official said. \"We found during the last survey that 30 per cent of the personnel had waist size of more than 40 inches.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401198", "title": "Drunken brawl at south Delhi pub: 8 detained", "text": "NEW DELHI: Eight men who got involved in a brawl at a south Delhi pub were arrested in the early hours of Tuesday morning. The men were drunk, said cops.The incident occurred at a pub on Sri Aurobindo Marg of Adhchini area around 1am. It started with a minor fight between a foreigner and her boyfriend which led to the woman slapping the man. Four men sitting nearby intervened in the quarrel and soon another group of men objected to their intervention.Thought the couple left the pub, the two groups got involved in a verbal duel. Bouncers tried to calm them down but ended up getting beaten up. After a while, the men went outside the pub and began hitting each other. A witness called the cops who detained the men under the Delhi Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403587", "title": "Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited may waive off rental of disconnected phone lines", "text": "NASHIK: Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd is likely to compensate its customers whose telephones have been disconnected for over 10 days by waiving off the rental. Telephones of Rajeev Nagar, Indira Nagar and Rane Nagar residents have been dead from May 10 when the earth movers operated by the National Highway Authority of India used for widening the road, snapped the cables.With the phones remaining off the hook, the resident along with corporator Archana Jadhav met BSNL officials and demanded waiver of rental for the period it has been disconnected. The BSNL officials have given them an assurance that they will consider it. \"It has been a long time that the telephone connections of the residents have been disconnected. We raised the issues with the officials and demanded that the customers be given rebate in their rentals,\" Jadhav said. She said it was mandatory for BSNL to give discount in rental if the telephone connections were disrupted for more than four days.BSNL's junior telecom officer A R Akhade said they have been constantly requesting National Highway Authority of India to be careful while carrying out the work and they had even deputed a person to guide the highway authority on the location of cables.\"But those employed by NHAI only continue to disrupt lines every now and then. This incurs revenue loss to BSNL, too,\" Akhade said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "penukonda", "code": "13401609", "title": "Political leaders rush to Penukonda", "text": "PENUKONDA: Union railways minister Mukul Roy, who inspected the scene of train accident at Penukonda on Tuesday afternoon, said stringent action would be taken against those responsible for the accident. He said the TPWS would be installed in 54,000 kms of railway track in the country within two years.The minister later called on the injured at Penukonda government hospital where the bodies were kept in the mortuary. Karnataka state textile minister Prakash accompanied the railways minister. \"The death of the passengers is very sad. We would offer a job to one person from the family of the deceased if they wish to work in the railways,\" he said.Minister of state for railways K H Muniyappa , who also visited the mishap site along with a team of railway officials, condoled the death of the 25 passengers. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, who flew down to the area in a chopper, expressed grief and said the state government would extend all help to the railways. He later met the injured persons in various hospitals. Chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi spoke to district collector Durgadas over phone and enquired about the relief operations.Leader of the opposition Chandrababu Naidu also expressed shock over the accident and urged the government to provide all assistance to the victims. Revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy and school education minister S Sailajanath, who hail from Anantapur district, rushed to Penukonda to oversee the rescue operations along with Rajya Sabha MP K Chiranjeevi, who was in Anantapur campaigning for the Congress. They consoled the injured passengers in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13402513", "title": "Kerala is not China: Ramesh Chennithala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala has said that Kerala is not Communist China and hence if any CPM cadre committed a crime, it would be treated as any other crime here.\"The CPM should realize the fact that if they commit any crime here they will have to face the law even though Pinarayi Vijayan thinks otherwise. The Marxist party is using muscle power to threaten the police who are investigating the T P Chnadrashekaran murder case,\" KPCC president told reporters here on Monday.While coming out heavily on the CPM leaders for organizing protest marches against police actions, Ramesh said that the CPM was trying to shield the real culprits behind the murder and they were worried over the free hand given to the investigating officers.\"The CPM is now openly threatening that they would take law into their hands if the police do not stop investigation against their cadres. This cannot be justified,'' he said. The CPM was providing a safe platform for the criminals to flourish in the political scene of the state, which was a dangerous phenomenon.Pinarayi was trying to create apprehensions among his own party-men by claiming that the state was going through the phase of an emergency. He wanted to create a sense of anxiety among the cadres since the Marxist party was facing its worst phase. They were losing cadres in the Malabar region and Pinarayi was more worried over this, he said.The Congress was only trying to bring the real culprits behind the murder. \"We have no political interests on this and we are not using this as a political issue also,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13400786", "title": "64 fresh recruits sacked from police force", "text": "AMRAVATI: The dream of around 64 fresh recruits to serve police force shattered after they were eliminated from their service. Acting on the court's order asking the home ministry to implement new recruitment list in connection to Kirti Wagh versus Maharashtra state case, police has taken this decision.While on Monday city police removed 29 recruit of which 16 were female candidates, on Tuesday rural police removed 35 new recruits of which 21 were female candidates.The police recruitment of both rural and city police was held in November last year after which 84 candidates joined the city police and 116 cops joined rural police. All appointed candidates were given training. Meanwhile police commissioner and superintendent of police (SP) got a letter from home ministry asking to make a new list of recruits based on parallel reservation. The letter mentioned court's order in connection to the Kirti Wagh versus Maharashtra state case. It has also been mentioned in the letter to consider the merit of candidates while filling the post for parallel reservation from open category.Acting on the order, police commissioner and SP have eliminated candidates from their service. On Tuesday SP S Jaikumar has given elimination orders to 21 female candidates and 14 male candidates. Following the sacking, a counselling sessions was organized for the new recruits by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401851", "title": "Flight cancellations add to flyers' woes", "text": "MUMBAI: In the three months between January and March this year, airlines cancelled a total of 2,638 flights, according to statistics collected by the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA).Considering that the total number of flights scheduled during this period was 1.48 lakh, the cancellation rate works out to 1.78%. While this number may appear insignificant, it meant a reduction of about 4 lakh seats in the three-month period, a factor strong enough to drive up airfares.What is worse is that these flight cancellations did not take place during the monsoon or the winter season and so weather, the most acceptable reason for a flight cancellation, is out of the equation.According to the statistics, Air India, and not Kingfisher, saw the maximum number of cancellations (see box). \"Following its numerous problems, Kingfisher had come out with a revised flight schedule early this year. The new schedule had drastically cut down the number of flights the airline had planned to operate earlier and so technically, the airline had lesser cancellations,'' said a DGCA official. The airline had earlier planned to operate close to 400 daily flights in its winter scheduled submitted in October last year. But in the January-February period, it revised its flight schedule to operate only about 190 daily flights.Though Air India has not really been in news for flight cancellations, the statistics tell a different story. Air India's flight cancellation rate was 4.10 in the January-March period. It went up to 5.2 in April.\"The airline is not doing enough to maintain its schedule integrity. It speaks of mismanagement in the airline,\" said the DGCA official. \"The cancellation for the month of May should be higher as the ongoing pilot's strike has resulted in the cancellation of several international flights,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13401853", "title": "Cop 'beats up' couple in Thane police compound", "text": "THANE: A couple residing in Kalwa was allegedly abused and assaulted by a traffic police constable on the premises of Thane rural police in the presence of policemen on Monday.Constable Deepak Mahadik allegedly thrashed Sukhsagar Annadate (30) with a fibre stick and caught his wife Deepa by her throat and later pushed her when she tried to intervene. Senior traffic police officials, however, denied the incident.According to Sukhsagar, Mahadik was driving a Qualis in a very rash manner. \"We were going on our Scooty when Mahadik took a sharp turn near the Cidco bus stand. He was very intimidating and was driving rashly,\" said Sukhsagar. \"I lost balance of my vehicle and we both fell on the road. Instead of stopping to help us, he had a smirk on his face and sped away.\"\"We decided to follow him and report him to his superiors. We spotted the Qualis parked on the premises of the Thane rural police and we confronted Mahadik. He was agitated and abusive,\" Sukhsagar said.Mahadik is said to have beaten the couple even as other policemen just stood and watched.\"This is nothing but sheer abuse of power,\" said Sukhsagar, adding that he had a tough time registering a complaint against Mahadik at the Thane town police station on Monday.\"When we went to Thane Nagar police station, Mahadik was present there. The cops were reluctant to register our complaint. I told them that Mahadik was drunk and a medical examination should be carried out, but the policemen asked us to get ourselves examined and treated for our injuries,\" Sukhsagar added. After he insisted on filing a complaint, a non-cognizable offence was registered against Mahadik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13401711", "title": "83.36% students pass Class XII exams, thanks to fresh evaluation norms", "text": "PANAJI: Registering a pass percentage of 83.36, there was a 2% increase in the Class XII pass percentage as students reaped the benefits of sports merit marks, internal assessment system and other concessions introduced by the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education.There has also been a decline in the number of students appearing for the Class XII exams as the backlog of students is clearing faster. Starting last year, students can attempt to clear two subjects, instead of one, at the June supplementary exams. Also, students still having a backlog of subjects to clear can take another shot at it in October.Board secretary Bhagirath Shetye said concessions provided at supplementary exams are possibly responsible for more students clearing the Class XII exams leading to the reduced number of students answering the exams under the exempted category. \"Many students in Goa are also opting to answer the exams through the open school,\" Goa board officiating chairperson Farell Furtado said.The board's higher secondary school certificate examination ( HSSCE) held in March was attempted by 13,719 students, of which 11,421 passed.Another 797 appeared under the exempted category and 294 of them cleared the exam registering a pass percentage of 38.43.From P1As in the exams in previous years, girls performed better than boys with a pass percentage of 83.86 as against 77.96% of the boys who cleared the exam.Shetye said schools in rural areas performed exceptionally well and helped in contributing to a good Class XII result. The highest pass percentage in the arts and commerce streams was registered in the Pernem 'B' centre at 92.77% and 96.74%, respectively. Bicholim centre scored the highest pass percentage in the vocational stream and science streams of 98.18% and 94.16%, respectively.Students of the vocational stream performed exceptionally well recording a pass percentage of 88.44. Of the 2,717 students that appeared for the exam, 2,403 cleared it. A total of 3,423 students appeared for the exam in the science stream and 2,986 of these passed the exam, leading to a pass percentage of 87.23.Commerce stream had 4,736 students answering the exam, of which 3,908 cleared it and registered a pass percentage of 82.52. Another 2,825 appeared for the exam in the arts stream and 2,124 passed recording a pass percentage of 75.19.This year, an even higher number of students sought to benefit from the sports policy with 2,468 sportspersons staking claim to the marks and 320 benefiting from the concession as against last year's 309.Six schools had 100% results, but government higher secondary school, Valpoi, registered the lowest pass percentage of 31.96 which was in the arts stream.The supplementary exams will be held on June 29, where students will be allowed to attempt to clear up to two subjects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13402842", "title": "Man kills wife, aunt", "text": "RAJKOT: A father of two children brutally stabbed his wife and her aunt to death following some heated exchange over domestic issues in Nadodanagar on Kothariya road on Tuesday.The accused, Pravin Bhatt, had estranged relationship with his wife Munni (25), who left him and started living with her aunt Kanchan in Jetpur since few months. Meanwhile, he convinced her and brought her home before few days.On Tuesday, Bhatt got enraged after some argument with his wife and stabbed her. When Munni's aunt tried to intervene in the scuffle, he stabbed her too. Injured Kanchan ran out from home and shouted for help.She was soon rushed to the government hospital where she succumbed. Bhatt escaped from the spot along with his two children after the incident. Police sources said that Pravin alias Munno had love marriage with Munni 15 years ago. They have been staying on rent for the past 15 days.Police also said that Bhatt was suspecting his wife character and this may have led him to murder her.Fingers of suspicion are also being pointing towards involvement of Bhatt's friend in the crime as he was reportedly present when the incident occurred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13400477", "title": "IM chargesheet filed, 11 booked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Six months after Delhi Police busted the Indian Mujahideen module and an arms factory in Delhi, a chargesheet has been filed in a city court, listing IM's plans in India.The chargesheet, exclusively accessed by TOI, mentions that IM bosses Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal and Amir Reza Khan (based in Karachi ) came to Delhi after the 2008 Batla House encounter and held a meeting in Shaheen Bagh with its operatives, including the India chief of the group, Ahmad Zarar Siddi Bappa alias Yasin Bhatkal alias Shahrukh. The meeting took up the revival strategy for the organization.According to the chargesheet, the meeting also discussed the group's agenda in India. \"The Batla House encounter by Delhi Police was a heavy loss to IM and they have to revive it.\" Listing the first objective, the chargesheet says, \"the aim of their tanzeem (group/organization) is to carry out bomb blasts and shootouts in India to take revenge against the atrocities being meted out to the Muslim communities by the kafirs and spread the message of jihad\". The second objective \"of tanzeem is to implement the Islamic law in India\" and, lastly, it wants \"to weaken the Indian economy by way of circulation of fake currency and discouraging foreign investment through violence\".Cops also claim the fact that RDX was recovered from IM's Meer Vihar factory and the same chemical was used in the car bomb in Jama Masjid in September 2010 suggests that the terror group has moved from ammonium nitrate to RDX that could only be sourced from across the border.The 324-page chargesheet, filed in the court of chief metropolitan magistrate Vinod Yadav, names 11 IM members arrested by the team of additional CP Ashok Chand and DCP, special cell, Sanjeev Yadav in the past six months. These members, all of whom worked for Shahrukh, allegedly disclosed information about the IM operation in India and the modules involved in the Jama Masjid attack, the Chinnaswamy stadium blast in Bangalore and the Pune German Bakery explosion. Delhi Police has mentioned the names of those involved in these blasts in the chargesheet.It says IM operative Gauhar Aziz Khomani, arrested on November 23, 2011, had disclosed that after the Batla encounter, his friend Tarique Anjum Hasan introduced him to active IM operatives Iqbal Bhatkal, Mohsin and Riyaz Bhatkal, all of whom are now absconding.Police claim the Shaheen Bagh meeting was held at Tarique's house. Following the meeting, Shahrukh, in consultation with Gauhar and Tarique, opened the Meer Vihar arms factory on the premises of Irshad Khan on the direction of absconding Ahmad Siddi Bappa, the IM chief in India.Cops say they have recovered explosives, 22 pistols, 15 pieces of carbine, parts of rocket launchers, over 100 cartridges, practical machine handbook issued from Dr Zakir Hussain Library and a newspaper clipping of January 22, 2009, showing traffic route for the Independence Day rehearsal. It said all 11 empty cartridges seized from the Jama Masjid shootout spot were fired from 9mm pistols - one recovered from accused Adil and the other recovered from Meer Vihar.The special cell had arrested Mohammad Irshad Khan, Asadullah Rehman, Mohammad Adil, Bashir Hasan, Abdul Rehman , Mohammad Kafil, Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, Gauhar Aziz Khomani, Gayur Ahmed Jamali, Mohammad Aftab Alam and Tariq Anjum Hasan. Police claim that they have confessed to being involved in various bomb blasts across the country.The chargesheet, exclusively accessed by TOI, mentions that IM bosses Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal and Amir Reza Khan came to Delhi after the Batla House encounter and held a meeting in Shaheen Bagh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400967", "title": "Explain steps taken to curb feticide: High court", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan high court has asked the state government to declare on oath the steps it has taken to check female feticide.Justice Mahesh Chand Sharma on Tuesday directed the principal secretary, home, to file an affidavit also detailing the government's future plan of action to curb the social evil in the state.The court was hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by an advocate, S K Gupta, after the state police recovered abandoned bodies of two newborn girls on two consecutive days in March.Taking cognizance of the issue, the high court had then ordered that the police should get DNA and forensic tests done on all the female fetuses and infant girls' bodies recovered by it. Justice Sharma, after a detailed hearing of the matter again on Tuesday, directed the principal secretary, home, to incorporate in his affidavit the state government's seriousness in getting the DNA and forensic tests and also to tell how the test reports would be obtained from the laboratories at the earliest.Petitioner Gupta informed the court that the state government had announced to introduce an \"inform and reward\" scheme wherein people who share information about parents and doctors committing female feticide would be rewarded. It was pleaded that the government be asked to keep the identity of such informers secret and also provide them protection. The PIL would now be heard on May 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13402190", "title": "Opting for rehabilitation programme can be one-time reprieve for users", "text": "MUMBAI: If a person is rounded up in a party raid, the police can test his/her blood for possible consumption of drugs but at the same time, they can grant a first-time offender immunity from facing a court case.Under a little known section, a person taking a small quantity of a drug, possessing or even trying to possess a tiny amount for personal consumption can get a one-time exemption from criminal prosecution if he or she goes through a rehabilitation programme at a government hospital. Section 64-A, the immunity-granting provision under the otherwise stringent Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropics Substances (NDPS) Act meant to tackle drug trafficking, has a compassionate intent, which legal experts say courts, too often, ignore. Punishment for consumption may otherwise stretch up to one year for drugs like cocaine and heroin and up to six months for other drugs.Actor Fardeen Khan who was caught in a drug case in 2001 had to fight a long legal battle before he was finally freed earlier this year from the criminal trial. The Narcotics Control Bureau had initially alleged that he was attempting to buy nine gram cocaine, classified as \"a commercial quantity\"; anyone convicted of such an offence can be punished with imprisonment for up to 10 years. But the Bombay high court held that Khan could be charged only with attempting to buy cocaine of 1 gm, a \"small quantity\" meant for personal consumption. This allowed Khan to avail of the one-time immunity prescribed under law and underwent a detoxification programme at KEM hospital.Advocate Jamshed Mistry said in case of a raid, which could be carried out only on a written tip-off, the police ought to make provisions for carrying out blood tests swiftly and not detain partygoers overnight as happened in this case.Taraq Sayed, a lawyer who specializes in narcotics cases, said Section 64-A of the NDPS Act gave power to senior police officers to grant offenders immunity from criminal prosecution once. In the 2008 Juhu rave party, from where more than 200 people were rounded up, a few youngsters who tested positive for drugs were granted the protection against trial after they completed the rehabilitation programme, Sayed said. Some others from the same party received the same relief from the criminal court later. The only condition is that that the de-addiction programme must be completed voluntarily; if anyone leaves it midway, the protection is withdrawn. Sayed said the offender also had to give an undertaking, promising not to repeat the offence.Sometimes, the claims cited for opting Section 64-A are opposed by the NCB and courts are also not too sure if the respite would be justified. Some legal experts including those from Lawyers' Collective had raised legal and biomedical questions about drug dependence and peer pressure in case of those in their late teens or early 20s. Senior counsel Amit Desai said it could be a matter of debate as to whether occasional users of small quantity of drugs must face the full rigour of NDPS Act or the one-time benefit of Section 64-A be extended to those up to 21 years. Another criminal lawyer Rajendra Shirodkar also said the police must swiftly assess each case and grant first-time offenders immunity if they underwent de-addiction. But other lawyers, like Aabad Ponda, were not that pre-disposed and said even small consumption was an offence for which the law had provisions as trafficking was a serious menace targeting the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402322", "title": "Major fire at paint factory in Bhosari", "text": "PUNE: A major fire broke out at a paint factory in the industrial belt of Bhosari in Pimpri-Chinchwad on Tuesday. However, no one was injured in the incident as the workers and staff managed to flee from the spot. As many as 16 fire tenders battled for three hours to put off the fire at the paint factory, Suraj Coats, in sector number 7, Bhosari.The fire began around 4.30 pm due to a short circuit in the automatic paint mixing machine, chief fire officer of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation Kiran Gawde said. Total 15 employees were working at the factory when the fire started. All of them managed to run away.According to factory staff, the fire spread rapidly and they could not control the fire with the fire-fighting equipment in the factory, Gawade said. \"There were 700 to 800 drums of chemicals like paints, thinners and rexins. A nearby factory also suffered some damage in the fire but we were able to prevent the fire spreading to two other industrial units nearby,\" Gawde said.\"The paint factory suffered damages of Rs 1 to 1.5 crore as per the estimate of the staff. We had to use 15 cans of foam to bring the fire under control in around one-and-a-half hours, We used water for cooling to fight the fire,\" Gawde added.Eight fire tenders of the PCMC fire brigade participated in the operation. In addition, fire tenders of the Maharahstra Industrial Development Corporation, PMC and companies like Force Motors , Tata Motors and Century Enka had also helped in dousing the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13403408", "title": "Revised pension to retd varsity teachers soon: Min", "text": "PATNA: Education minister P K Shahi said the education department has sent to the finance department a proposal for the release of Rs 529 crore for payment of revised pension to the retired university and college teachers and he is trying his best to get the clearance from the department at the earliest.Talking to a delegation of the joint action committee of the Federation of University Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Futab) and the Federation of University Service Teachers' Associations of Bihar (Fustab) here on Monday night, Shahi said the department would not delay the release of necessary funds to the universities even for a day after getting the nod of the finance department. Shahi also assured the delegation that he would look into various other issues, including the case of redesignated demonstrators, teachers of the fourth-phase constituent colleges, extension of cut-off date for teachers' promotion, and giving statutory shape to various directions of the UGC on promotion under career advancement scheme (CAS).Earlier, the delegates alleged that the indifferent attitude of the state finance department towards education department's demands was hindering the smooth functioning of universities and colleges. The bottlenecks created by the finance department put the higher education department in a humiliating situation not only in dealing with court cases but also in processing the genuine demands of teachers, they claimed.Never before in the past, retired teachers had to wait so long for the revision of their pension after implementation of revised UGC pay. Earlier, it used to be a simultaneous action, both for the working teachers and retired ones.The delegation consisted of Arun Kumar, Kanhaiya Bahadur Sinha, Sanjay Kumar Singh, Dilip Kumar Choudhury, Durga Sharan Singh, Arun Kant Singh, Om Prakash Rai, Nirmal Kumar Singh, Chandra Mohan Jha and others.The joint action committee will have detailed discussion with the government next month, said Futab working president K B Sinha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403353", "title": "Calcutta University boss gets a second term in office", "text": "KOLKATA: Just when the wind of change swept the entire state and turned the seat of power on its head, it seems Calcutta University managed to remain insulated, with its top boss Suranjan Das - appointed the vice-chancellor of the institution during the Left rule - managing to get a second term for the full four-year tenure. Das is perhaps the only person to find favour with the party mandarins in Alimuddin Street as well as the experts assigned by the present government to free the institutions from the evils of \"dalatantra\".The eminent scholar and professor said in response, \"My appointment establishes the fact that I had the merit that has been weighed by the experts. That is precisely why I was selected during the Left Front regime. I have gathered experience in administration in all these years.\" Das was appointed the pro-VC in 2002. He went onto become the vice-chancellor of Calcutta University on May 2, 2008, for a four-year term under the prevalent Act (under which VCs were appointed by the governor from the three names proposed by the Senate).As per the new Act, a search committee comprising Atomic Energy Commission's former director Anil Kakodkar, sociologist Andre Beteille and former VC of Jamia Milia University Mushirul Hasan shortlisted a panel of three names and sent it to the governor. The governor appointed Das in consultation with education minister Bratya Basu.\"We are not bothered with his personal views. He is a good administrator and this government will give him a free hand with no strings attached as was the system during the Left Front regime,\" Basu said. According to university sources, Das - who had been a known visitor to CPM state secretary Anil Biswas's house - has already built bridges with the new government, particularly the education minister.Suranjan Das is the first vice-chancellor to have got a full term during the Mamata regime while others have been appointed on an ad hoc basis for six months or a year at best. Even economist Koushik Gupta of Rabindra Bharati University has got an ad hoc appointment as vice-chancellor of West Bengal State University, Barasat, for six months.Many vice-chancellors appointed during the Left Front rule, namely Subrata Pal , Manimala Das, Nandadulal Pariah, Gopa Dutta, Ashoke Thakur, fell from the grace after the new government took over and had to quit on grounds best known to them. West Bengal University of Technology vice-chancellor Sabyasachi Sengupta stood out as the only survivor even after the government slapped charges on him. Sengupta continued for his full term and also communicated that he doesn't want to continue any more after his tenure ends on May 20.The new government is likely to showcase Das's appointment to silence critics who have been crying foul against another kind of \"dalatantra spreading its wings under the Mamata regime.\" At the same time, the government will enjoy the advantage of an \"understanding vice-chancellor\" who can manage college governing bodies and control clashes sometimes spearheaded by local MLAs and councillors (all belonging Trinamool Congress ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403355", "title": "Meet on Dunlop factory on May 25", "text": "KOLKATA: A tripartite meeting on the Dunlop's Sahagunj factory called on May 25 has evoked interest of the employees as well as the creditors who are engaged in a legal battle with Dunlop promoter Pawan Kumar Ruia.State labour minister Purnendu Bose said that the Dunlop unions had earlier placed a charter on the ten point demands they have. \"The Dunlop authorities had earlier sent a letter to the labour commissioner, in which they mentioned that they will not be able to take 336 of their workers in the Sahagunj factory. These workers will either be relocated to the factory's other units in Chennai or Karnataka, or they will have to opt for the voluntary retirement scheme. The remaining around rest of about 400 workers will be inducted in phases over the period of a year,\" the minister said at Writers' Buildings on Tuesday. At present, the Sahagunj factory has 714 workers.The minister said that the workers did not agree to these terms and conditions. The unions had asked the government if a tripartite meeting could be held. Accordingly, the meeting was scheduled on coming Friday. The minister also asked the labour commissioner to look into this matter. as both the parties were contacted and the date of the tripartite meeting was fixed for coming FridayThe minister also said that a meeting was held about the closedHastings jute mill at Hooghly's Rishraw. \"The jute mill is closed for the last three to four months and has about 5,000 workers. The next meeting on this jute mill will take place on June 1, with the hope to sort out the disputes to reopen the jute mill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13400962", "title": "Govt takes time to clear World Cup bid", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's official. India has not yet bid for the FIFA U-17 World Cup to be held in 2017 as the government has till now not approved All India Football Federation's ambitious plans. The reason: the Centre does not want a repeat of the Commonwealth Games fiasco.Informed sources told TOI that the draft submitted by AIFF sought guarantees and assurances on many aspects including security, visas, import of equipment, intellectual property rights, upgradation of stadia and other issues but without indicating what the financial implications would be.\"We assume the government would have a big role to play as AIFF cannot obviously raise funds to upgrade infrastructure or provide security. But then we want to know the sort of expenditure this would entail. This is important because we don't want to be left grappling with bloated figures during the implementation stage,\" sources said.\"Since AIFF hasn't provided these details, the ministries are in the process of studying the proposal in detail. We don't want to take chances, particularly after what transpired during the CWG in 2010. With many ministries involved, the process will take time. AIFF will have to wait a little longer for the government's green signal.\"Earlier, speaking to agencies, AIFF general secretary Kushal Das said the federation's official presentation to FIFA may be delayed as the government is yet to give its final approval to the bid.\"The government is yet to give certain guarantees and assurances which are required under FIFA rules to host an event of such magnitude,\" he was quoted as saying. \"We are waiting for these guarantees and assurances. We will formally present the bid once we get them.\"While the AIFF had been maintaining that the decision would be out during the May 24-25 FIFA Congress in Budapest, Das said it was not on the agenda.Meanwhile, there were also indications that the deadline for presenting a formal bid was end of June.Das too admitted that the government was being cautious in granting the guarantees and assurances in the aftermath of the Commonwealth Games scandal. \"But we are hopeful of the government granting final approval for a strong bid,\" he was quoted as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400668", "title": "Government to decide on streetlight maintenance", "text": "JAIPUR: The dismal state of streetlights in the city is about to change. After JMC failing to take a decision on repair and maintenance of faulty streetlights, the maintenance file has been handed over to the state government . Loknath Soni, CEO, JMC, on Tuesday passed the file over to the state for approval. The move came after allegations and counter-allegations flew between mayor Jyoti Khandelwal and BJP councilors over the repair, replacement and maintenance of the streetlights during an executive meeting of JMC on Wednesday.Confirming the development, light committee chairman Sanjeev Sharma said, \"In the past, the proposal got rejected twice and we were heading nowhere. To expedite the process, we have given the file to the state government.\" \"The contract of repairing the road was completed six months ago, however, we have extended the contract till May 1. We agree that because of JMC's mistake of not renewing the contract on time, the residents in the city are suffering,\" he added.JMC is sleeping over approximately 1,500 complaints of faulty streetlights in the city. There are around 1.6 lakh streetlights in the city out of which 35,000 are not working in the absence of repair contractor. The light committee earlier alleged that officials are delaying the process of reexamining the rates at which the contract of maintenance is to be given.Earlier, the contracts were given on different rates, however, after the issue was debated the rates were made uniform. The process of renewing the contract was started earlier but due to anti-corruption bureau (ACB) enquiry on officials, it got delayed. Also, the committee got the powers to issue the tenders very recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13401994", "title": "Stock trader charges three with cheating him of Rs 3 crore", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A stock trader has accused three people of cheating him of Rs 3 crore and filed a complaint with the Sola police station. Gaurangsinh Chudasama has accused the trio of luring him into buying specific stocks on behalf of his customers by offering high monthly returns. The officials have sought more details in the case.Chudasama, a resident of Naimish Park Society in Ghatlodia, said in his complaint that he knew Mithilesh Shah, Rajiv Desai and Saurin Kavi, professionally. \"All Chudasama had to do was to suggest and invest in selected stocks in the market on behalf of his customers and he along with his customers would get guaranteed profitable returns. The trio promised 4 per cent returns every month. Believing them, Chudasama invested Rs 3 crore in certain stocks between October 2010 and November 2011. The companies include many high-profile state-based entities,\" said BR Chudasama, sub-inspector of Sola police station.Chudasama's complaint states the cycle ran smoothly for first three months. But soon after, the company provided post-dated cheques that never got honoured. He waited for some time as the trio assured him of returns. However, when he realized that nothing was to be recovered, he filed a complaint and breach of trust.\"We have sought documents of the stocks and trading reports from Chudasama to understand the case. We have started a search for the trio and will soon record their statements,\" said a Sola police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "archana puran singh has no qualms in being made fun of on the hit comedy show", "code": "13407326", "title": "Archana Puran Singh doesn\u2019t mind being made fun of!", "text": "Archana Puran Singh has no qualms in being made fun of on the hit comedy show: 'Kahani Comedy Circus Ki'.The judge who has been associated with 'Comedy Circus' for the past five years is all praises for the writers. Says Archana, \"Comedy is meant to be aimed at something, someone, an institution. I don't judge the writers making fun of me. I know they don't mean it as disrespect. They are not insulting me, its humour and there's so much fun in it\".Archana too doesn't shy away from poking fun at others. She adds, \"I'm a comedy actor. I also use these tools and vehicles to make fun\". Will the show go on? Archana believes it will \"The writers are writing so beautifully, it will go on and on\".Well, for all those who love watching Archana and are amused by her funny laughter, here's reason to rejoice! 'Kahani Comedy Circus Ki' will be on air till July 2012. And there's a double bonanza too. Sources inform that a new season will begin post July, sometime in August 2012 and will run through the end of this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13402823", "title": "Madrassas enter modern times with massive overhaul", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Waking up early to attend the madrassa classes have always been a dull regimen for the 10-year-old Nazeem PV. But not anymore. For him the ho-hum religious classes at Hayathul Islam Madrassa attached to the Mohiyuddin Mosque in the city, which he attends before going to an English-medium school, now has loads of attractions. He can paint lessons on computer, engage in science experiments, and read in leisure sitting in a well-stocked library.A hi-tech makeover is sweeping across the 14,000-odd religious teaching centres attached to mosques in the state thanks to the Centre-sponsored madrassa modernization scheme. Over Rs 23 crore have been disbursed to 547 madrassas in 2011-12 that helped the 'Oothupallis' which were limited to rote teaching of Holy Quran to adopt modern pedagogical ways of teaching science and mathematics and offer computer classes. Some even teach students English and Hindi.Buoyed by the success of the programme, over 6,000 Islamic religious centres have applied for funds under the scheme this year for upgradation.So far over 1,000 madrassas have benefited from the scheme with each of them getting funds in the range of Rs 1.5 lakh to Rs 6 lakh. The government gives Rs 1 lakh for installing computers, Rs 50,000 to set up library, and Rs 15,000 to buy science kits. It also pays Rs 6,000 as salary for graduate teachers appointed by the religious schools and Rs 12,000 for postgraduate teachers. The classes offered during weekends supplement regular school-goers from Class 1 to 12.\"The madrassas in the state are witnessing a silent revolution which has transformed the roles of these religious education centres. It has become centres of learning, both spiritual and temporal,\" said Nadukkandi Aboobakkar, state convener of the Minority Education Association, an umbrella organization that coordinates the educational initiatives of various Muslim organizations in the state.The overhaul of madrassas has helped it easily contain the student drop-out rate. But more importantly it has ushered in a social change in the community. About 75% of the teachers imparting lessons in newly introduced subjects such as computer science, social studies, science, mathematics, and Hindi are women. According to Minority Education Council officials, women make up for the majority of teachers even in the madrassas run by the Sunni sections, which forbids the entry of women to mosques.Saleena NK, a computer science instructor at a madrassa in the city, said the computer classes here are a big hit among the children as most of them do not have computers at home. \"Apart from the fundamentals of computers we teach MS Word, Excel and DTP. Lessons in CorelDraw and Photoshop is also imparted,\" she said.Zubair Nellikkamparambu, a teacher at the Darul Huda madrassa at Nellikkamparambu, said parents of many students, including women who had to drop out of schools due to various reasons, have started attending the classes at the madrassas.\"We are planning to tie up with the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) so that those who could not complete their school education could appear for exams and get certificates,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13401529", "title": "CBI rejects RTI activist\u2019s plea", "text": "clamour for bringing the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) under the purview of the proposed Lokpal to make the agency more transparent is getting louder, the investigation agency has recently refused to entertain a Right to Information (RTI) petition from a Hyderabad-based activist citing the blanket exemption to it from the RTI Act.HYDERABAD: At a time when clamour for bringing the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) under the purview of the proposed Lokpal to make the agency more transparent is getting louder, the investigation agency has recently refused to entertain a Right to Information (RTI) petition from a Hyderabad-based activist citing the blanket exemption to it from the RTI Act.However, the activist challenged this decision since no agency, including CBI, can deny information on corruption.CJ Karira, a city-based activist belonging to 'rtiindia.org', lodged a complaint with the Chief Information Commission (CIC), New Delhi, stating that the CBI had refused to give information about corruption cases involving politicians, public servants and others during the last five years in violation of the RTI Act.The activist claimed his RTI application to CBI, seeking information related to corruption, was not even opened by the agency and sent back marked 'refused'.\"Then I wrote a letter to CBI director A P Singh informing him that his officers had refused to entertain his RTI application by not even opening the envelop. The information sought is about allegations of corruption, which the agency is supposed to share,'' Karira said in his letter.To his shock, the CBI director's office gave a short and terse reply, \"It is to inform you that notification number 1/3/2011- IT dated June 9, 2011 of Government of India, the RTI Act 2005 do not apply to CBI now\".\"My contention is based on section 24 of the RTI Act, which allows the central government to exempt an organisation from the purview of the Act. However, it should be noted that under the same section information sought about corruption and human rights violations cannot be denied by these exempted agencies,'' the activist told TOI.In his complaint to CIC, he also referred about the office memorandum of the Union ministry of personnel, public grievances and pensions as proof which clearly stated, \"This provision (i.e., exemption to any agency) does not exempt these organisations from the purview of the Act in respect of the information pertaining to the allegations of corruption and human rights violations\".The activist also requested the CIC to inquire under 18(1)(f), since he suspects that the CBI had disbanded the structure of Central Public Information Officer, which is also against the guidelines of the Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13404871", "title": "Robert Bob Moog's 78th birthday: Google pays tribute with an interactive doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: The search engine giant Google has come out with another captivating doodle on its home page today. The doodle is designed to celebrate Robert Arthur \"Bob\" Moog's 78th birthday, an American music enthusiastic and founder of Moog Music.The interactive doodle pays tribute to the pioneer of electronic music, widely known for his invention of Moog synthesizer. Visitors to the Google homepage can play the virtual synthesizer by simply moving the cursor on the keys. Not just this, they can create their own music, as Google allows visitors to record, play back and even share their composition on the social networking site Google+ by simply clicking on the g+ button. There's also a virtual synthesizer that visitors can use for adjusting volume and other controls like mixer, oscillator and filter.His invention 'Moog synthesizer' is regarded as a milestone in the development of electronic musical instruments. The innovation inspired many and lay the foundation of for the making of several synthesizers in the following years.Moog earned his bachelor's degree in Physics from from Queens College , New York (1957) and also did PhD in engineering physics from Cornell University .For his exceptional work he was conferred with several awards including an honorary doctorate. In 1970, he received the Grammy Trustees Award.In 2005, he was diagnosed with a Glioblastoma, a type of brain tumor and eventually died at the age of 71 in Asheville, North Carolina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13400792", "title": "Dara Singh encounter case: Court to frame charges against Rajendra Rathore on May 28", "text": "JAIPUR: After hearing CBI's counter arguments against the aggressive defence put up by the lawyers of legislator Rajendra Rathore in connection with Dara Singh encounter case, the court has reserved its decision on framing of charges against him on May 28. Rajendra Rathore was once again provided an opportunity to plead his innocence in the court on Tuesday. He spoke for almost 15 minutes before the defence rested its case. During the hearing, the CBI counsel claimed that the merit of evidence cannot be appreciated at this point of time against Rathore.\"The defence counsels are trying to discredit the prosecution witnesses which the court cannot take into consideration as per the Evidence Act at this point of the trial. Whether the evidence against Rathore holds merit or not will be decided after framing of charges,\" said the CBI counsel.Earlier, Rathore claimed that he was being framed as some of the prosecution witnesses are known criminals and their credibility is under question. The defence lawyers had also argued that some witnesses including Debuda and Telia were history-sheeters. They alleged that instead of handing over these history-sheeters to the local police, the CBI got their statement recorded under Section 164 of CrPC before a magistrate. The high court has also lambasted the agency last month for using criminals to build a case against Rathore. \"I have been framed by the CBI. There was no material evidence against me in the chargesheet filed by the CBI,\" said Rathore. The court heard arguments from both sides and reserved its verdict for May 28.Rathore was produced in the court under heavy security. He had on Monday asked the court to permit him to put up his innocence plea during the hearing. After court's permission, Rathore spoke for almost half-an-hour. It was for the third time on Tuesday that he spoke the court. He had pleaded innocence earlier also during hearing on the cognizance of chargesheet filed against him by the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402657", "title": "CIC imposes maximum penalty of Rs 25,000 on its own official", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a rare order, the Central Information Commission has imposed the maximum penalty of Rs 25,000 applicable under the RTI Act on its official for delay in furnishing information to an applicant.RTI applicant Rajeev Sharma had sought information related to work allocation in the transparency panel from its public information, but the information which should have been provided by June 30, 2011 was provided on April 13 this year.In his defence, public information officer K L Das said the appellant's file got mixed up in the process of receiving and keeping these records and it could not be traced despite efforts.An error was made in not sending the information, Das said, adding that similar situation existed in some other cases too.Taking strict view of the delay in providing the details, information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said, \"No information or communication was sent to the appellant and the information was finally sent to him only on April 13, 2012. At the very least, the PIO should have informed the appellant that the relevant file was misplaced or untraceable. And either the file should have been located within reasonable time and the information provided or a police complaint should have been made for the loss of the said file.\"Since the delay in providing the information is over 100 days and no reasonable cause has been offered for the delay in providing the information, the commission under Section 20(1) of the RTI Act imposes the maximum penalty of Rs 25,000 on K L Das, public information officer and deputy secretary.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401738", "title": "Faridabad teacher helps nab chain snatcher", "text": "NEW DELHI: A teacher helped in nabbing a chain snatcher in Sector 29 in Faridabad. Sneha Mehta works at a private school in Faridabad. She was walking outside her house on Monday when a youth started to follow her on a bike. Another youth trailed her on foot. All of a sudden he snatched her gold chain. Sneha hit him with her bag and raised the alarm. The accused, however, tried to get onto his associate's bike and flee.Sneha ran after the two even as she screamed for help. A guard was alerted to her plight and closed the gate just when the accused were about to exit. The gate hit them and they fell off the bike. A former student of Sneha also ran to help her. The accused turned around and started running. Sneha's student, Khsitij, started pelting them with stones. He managed to get hold of one of the snatchers.In the meantime, police arrived and arrested the accused, Raju of Ekta Nagar. Khsitij informed cops that Raju was the one driving the bike while the other man had attacked Sneha.Investigating officer Devendra Kumar said cops had raided several areas to nab the other accused. No breakthrough had been achieved till Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403256", "title": "Chief minister Mamata Banerjee lens on unutilized funds", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday asked the ministers of her cabinet not to let central funds go back at any cost.She stressed on the fact that central funds will have to be utilized, and hinted that if it was not so, this may reflect in her assessment of the ministers' performance.Mamata was reviewing the schemes on agriculture and marketing in rural Bengal at a meeting with agriculture minister Rabindranath Bhattacharya, agricultural marketing minister Arup Roy, food processing minister Ujjwal Biswas, cooperation minister H A Sawfi, fisheries minister Abu Hena, animal resources welfare minister Noor e Alam Chowdhury, secretaries of these departments and other officials.The CM reviewed work done last year and offered suggestions on how to do better in the coming months.Meanwhile, even as the state has decided to set up 62 kissan mandis and announcement on 12 of them have already been made, it is yet to find suitable land for those.The only development so far is that the state agriculture minister has written to the land department, asking officials to clear sanctions if plots for agricultural farms are somehow located.But the farms, for which clearance was sought from the land department, are located in remote villages and even if the land is available, the reality is that they won't be very suitable for kissan mandis, as the latter are meant to be located in populated areas where buyers and sellers can meet for trade.And the whole idea behind the kissan mandis is to do away with middlemen, so that the farmers can directly sell their produce to the buyers and this may help them get the right price.At Singur, nearly three bighas, close to a cold storage, are available and efforts are on to convert this to a kissan mandi. Though, this too hasn't been finalized yet, said an officialThe CM, at Tuesday's meeting, also observed that many cooperatives of fishermen in bherries have gone in the hands of those engaged only in the business. But they are not the fishermen. She said cooperatives should be in the hands of those who are fishermen.Mamata also asked minister Abu Hena to take up housing projects for fishermen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402796", "title": "Killer coastal fish to combat Japanese encephalitis", "text": "LUCKNOW: A small fry from the coastal belt of India could prove a potent weapon in the battle against the menace of Japanese encephalitis in eastern Uttar Pradesh. This small killer fish, Gambusia, is known for devouring mosquito larvae - 100 to 300 per day. So, the UP government has added it to its armoury for controlling mosquitoes, which are primary responsible for the spread of the dreaded disease that has claimed more than 5,000 lives in the past seven years.\"Bringing Gambusia against mosquitoes is like launching a biological attack on disease-causing vector. Mosquito control is important to check both japanese and acute encephalitis,\" said Mukesh Meshram, NRHM mission director in the state. \"Gambusia is a surface feeder , hence it is suitable for feeding on both malaria-causing mosquitoes (anophelines) and common house mosquito (culicines),\" he added.The cost of running the project in 20 encephalitis-hit districts of eastern UP is a meager Rs 39 lakh per annum. As per the project mooted by the state fisheries department, the government would buy these fish from Bengal, Gujarat and Maharashtra at a rate of Rs 4 per unit to be fertilized at 100 primary and community health centres in these districts. The full-grown fish would be released in drains, ponds and other places where water naturally gets accumulated and allows mosquitoes to breed freely.UP is not the only state banking on this little fish for mosquito control. In fact, it is also known as the mosquito fish. In a set of guidelines issued by the National Vector-Borne Diseases Control Programme, the ministry of health has advocated the use of Gambusia for control of mosquito population. Not only this, vector control agencies across the world also rely on the cod for getting rid of the mosquito menace. \"Gambusia Affini are indispensible to modern mosquito control programmes,\" reads an American health advisory.An Indian Council of Medical Research study revealed that Gambusia has a predation rate of 65.7% in natural habitats. In fact, a study conducted in Shahjahanpur revealed that it helped control mosquito larvae by 87.8%. There is evidence to prove that the fish works equally well in settings like marshy areas, wells, pits and rice fields.Gambusia was brought to India in the late 1920s and is easily available in Bengal, Maharashtra and Gujarat. According to experts, it is easy to transport and hatch this fish for various purposes. \"It survives in new places (water bodies) and multiplies easily. After release when it becomes well established in a water body, the fish can survive in good numbers for years and does not require constant care,\" said a health ministry document.What is GambusiaGambusia affins is an exotic fish that is a mosquitoes' natural enemy.Upto 300 mosquito larvae fall prey to a single gambusia fish.It breeds fast and can survive in any kind of tropical climate.State Fisheries department has proposed to procure 12 lakh gambusia fish at a rate of Rs 4 per unit and leave them in all places where mosquitoes breed.The project covers 20 affected encephalitis districts.The fish will also be cultured in primary and community health centers to feed the demand and supply chain.The entire project would cost around Rs 39 lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13403265", "title": "Flyover riddle in beautification overdrive", "text": "KOLKATA: Two stretches on opposite ends of the 1.3 kilometre flyover connecting EM Bypass with VIP Road present a picture of stark contrast. While beautification is on at one stretch, the opposite end has been encroached by shanties. The flyover was thrown open to traffic in 2010.Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) is renovating and beautifying the stretch below the EM Bypass end of the flyover. The boulevard and median dividers are being decorated with flowers, saplings and grass. The plan is to give an aesthetic and clean look to the boulevard by creating small gardens below the flyover.The opposite stretch, below the VIP Road end of the flyover, gives a messy picture full of encroachments. Shanty dwellers have set up structures and clothes are seen hanging out of those. Garbage lies scattered all over the place with cows and pigs having a field day. The place has also become a dumpyard for damaged and worn out vehicles from cars to autorickshaws as well as debris of construction material like iron rods, creating complete nuisance. Nearby Duttabad, which is predominantly a slum area, has made things worse for the stretch.Locals alleged that some unscrupulous people have started an illegal parking business in the area and all kinds of anti social elements are present there. \"It's a total mess on this stretch below the flyover. Things get worse after night. Local authorities should do something about it,\" said a resident of Ultadanga.KMDA officials said that they will have to check whether the stretch towards VIP Road is under the agency's jurisdiction. \"The plan is to beautify the entire stretch below the flyover,\" said KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401514", "title": "Cops gear up for Jaganmohan\u2019s court appearance", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of Kadapa MP and YSR Congress president Y S Jaganmohan Reddy's likely appearance before the CBI special court at Gagan Vihar in Nampally on May 28, police have started chalking out plans to deal with the situation.As a preliminary step, police are in touch with Jagan's aides and staff of Sakshi to know about the convoy size and its origin.Top police sources confirmed that section 144 of CrPC would be imposed in the city on May 28 when Jagan has to appear before court. Three DCP-rank officers would be part of the bandobast and another senior official would coordinate from the control room.Police confirmed that no rallies or huge convoys would be allowed with Jagan.In a couple of days, police would get in touch with Jagan and his aides to know about the exact route through which he would travel to reach the court. In addition to the city police, APSP, CAR battalions would be roped in for bandobust activities and RAF might also be deployed to cope with any kind of emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13402939", "title": "Chas civic ward member's godown raided", "text": "BOKARO: Police team raided the godown of a ward member of the Chas Municipal Corporation at Bihar Colony in Chas and recovered several tonnes of stolen pig irons of the Bokaro Steel plant (BSL) on Tuesday.The godown belongs to Naresh Singh.The police team headed by DSP Shambhu Singh also seized five vehicles and a two-wheeler with illegal iron loaded on it that were parked in the godown. These vehicles were used for transporting the stolen iron to other places. However, the process of lodging FIR is being carried on in this connection. Naresh has also been chargesheeted by police earlier several times since 2004 in connection with iron theft. \"We recovered two letter pads mentioning the name Chandel Enterprises and Bokaro Steel Enterprises from godown, said Singh.He added that the miscreants had modified the interior space of the four wheelers and removed the petrol tank making it a dicky of the scooter, which helped them apparently in smuggling out iron easily from the BSL plant. Singh said the cost of recovered pig irons was yet to be assessed.Bokaro SP Kuldeep Dwivedi said the raids were conducted following a tip-off. The pig irons recovered were stolen from the BSL.No one has been arrested in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401983", "title": "Close shave: 5 injured as road caves in at Andheri", "text": "MUMBAI: Five persons were injured when a 30-ft concretized road over a nullah caved in near Andheri (E) station on Tuesday. Residents claimed that the civic authorities had not maintained the road, apart from covering potholes with bitumen.Ten rooms of the Bhanumati chawl, which runs along the road, were damaged, and the civic body has shifted the affected residents to a nearby municipal school temporarily.Vishvas Shankarwar, assistant municipal commissioner (K east ward), said that 56 metres of the minor road had caved in after the concrete cracked and fell into the nullah. The 30-ft road was part of a junction that connected Old Nagardas Road to the Western Express Highway.Residents said they had noticed cracks on their walls 20 days ago. Manoj Singh, a resident, told TOI, \"Around noon, I was in my room having tea, when I felt a slight tremor. We rushed out of the house thinking it was an earthquake, but then we saw that the road had caved in.\"Residents said that a major tragedy had been averted as the municipal school had been closed and few people were on the road when it caved in. \"The summer vacations are on, otherwise children returning from school would have been in danger. Only a motorcycle was on the road when it caved in. Luckily, the motorcyclist escaped with minor injuries,\" said Vijay Tiwari, another resident.A civil engineer said that no maintenance work had been done on the road recently, except for the laying of tar to cover potholes.Shankarwar said only potholes were filled recently.In 2010, there were eight cave-ins during the monsoons in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13402878", "title": "Geographic information system mapping in civic building plan soon", "text": "RANCHI: The building plan section of the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) will soon be computerized with geographic information system (GIS) mapping. GIS integrates hardware, software and data for capturing, managing, analyzing, and displaying all forms of geographically referenced information.Ranchi Municipal Corporation CEO Vinay Chaubey said, \"The GIS mapping will be helpful in computerizing the building plan section and also help in the new holding assessment under the RMC Act, 2011.\"The GIS will be implemented with global positioning system (GPS) and will work like Google map with more elaboration. \"Google map shows just the area but our system will show every house in the city,\" said Chaubey.A workshop was organized on Tuesday to inform the RMC workers about GIS and its functioning. Chaubey said, \"The workshop was organized to sensitize the revenue authority and town planning department to understand GIS better. We also took an on-field visit yesterday (on Monday) to show them the functioning of hand held GIS devices.\"The map will be available for public viewing on the RMC website and it will work as a location finder. The system will not be implemented immediately though. \"It is a lengthy process and will take some time to be implemented. We will try implementing it within six months\", said Chaubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401593", "title": "Crucial warning system still not in place", "text": "HYDERABAD: Railways has come under fire for its failure to install the long-pending Train Protection and Warning System (TPWS) to prevent accidents. With fingers being pointed to the driver's error of judgment in the train accident at Penukonda in Anantapur district on Tuesday, experts and former railway officials questioned the railways' focus on modernization of the flawed and technically inferior signalling system.\"The driver should have stopped at the red signal by applying emergency brakes. The TPWS technology ensures automatic application of emergency brakes in case the engine driver jumps the red signal,\" pointed out Balagangadhar Tilak, a former senior railways engineer. Though South Central Railway (SCR) safety commissioner D K Singh refused to comment on the accident, he admitted that the technical quality of the signals and tracks need to be examined.On September 13, 2011, Chennai-Vellore Cantonment train collided against the stationary Arakkonam-Katpadi passenger after the driver jumped the red signal near Chennai. \"Had the TPWS been installed, the accidents could have been averted,\" a senior official not wanting to be named said. While one of the components of the TPWS, an advanced European technology, is installed in the loco cabin, another is fitted in the signal pole along the rail tracks.Currently, an automatic warning system is in place and TPWS is an advanced version of this system. But sources say that the railways is weighed down by the cost of TPWS, which is expensive. It is estimated to cost about Rs 50 lakh per km. \"Even if it is expensive, it should okay the proposal by calling for tenders,\" Nateshan, a former railways officer, reasoned. Sources said of the total 2,700-odd train accidents in the past decade, more than 50 per cent have been attributed to failure of the railway staff. \"Thanks to the inter-locking system, a signal can never go wrong. It's always a human error,\" explained Tilak.Experts point out that only 30 per cent of the track has been modernized though India has one of the well-covered rail networks in the world, investment in safety is poor. \"Even though India is in third place in terms of kilometres of tracks, it stands a poor 18th in track utilization in the world. It means that only 30 per cent of stations have computerized or controlled systems,\" professor M N Srihari, consultant on traffic transport management, told TOI.Simple and basic hand lever system is still in vogue at several stations where the outer signal is located 1.2 km away from the station. \"In Tuesday's accident, it needs to be checked whether the official who was operating the signal in the block system was at fault,\" Srihari said. The experts said several inquiry reports and recommendations on safety aspects are gathering dust. The Kunzru Committee report in 1962, the Wanchoo Committee in 1968, the Sikri Committee in 1978 and the Khanna Committee report in 1998 have all emphasized on passenger safety.Raghavaiah of National Federation of Indian Railwaymen said there is too much pressure on the staff manning the signalling system. He also points out that the number of passenger and freight trains has increased by 30 per cent from around 14,000 to 19,000 trains every day in the last five years.Balagangadhar Tilak says with the help of train event recorder, which is similar to the flight data recorder or black box found on aircraft, the data can be used to investigate the cause of the accident.TIMES VIEWThe prohibitive cost of a device that can avert disasters on tracks may possibly appear not-so-expensive if viewed through the lens of the many human lives lost. Claims made on paper on passenger safety hold no good until the railways modernizes its equipment, installs safety measures and carries out maintenance works of tracks routinely to ensure no more lives are lost in such avoidable accidents. The powers that be need to wake up to the cost of human lives as against counting the pennies they would spend in protecting them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402224", "title": "Rajya Sabha petition seeks Rs 3,000 per month for pensioners", "text": "PUNE: Rajya Sabha MP Prakash Javadekar of the Bharatiya Janata Party on Sunday said he has submitted a petition to the Rajya Sabha demanding that pensioners should get a minimum of Rs 3,000 per month as part of the Employees Pension Scheme 1995.Speaking to reporters during his janata darbar, where he heard grievances of pensioners, Javadekar said the government, too, should contribute 8.33% of salary toward the pension fund. Javadekar said MP Hansraj Ahir has submitted a similar petition in the Lok Sabha. A signature campaign in support of the petition has been launched. Over 50 lakh signatures of workers and pensioners will be collected. Calling for more support, Javadekar said pressure has to be mounted on the government.Javadekar pointed out that every month 8.33% of the salary amount is contributed by each worker and the organization. However, the government makes a contribution of only 1.6% to the Employees Pension Scheme 1995.There are over 36 lakh pensioners who benefit from this scheme. Over 30 lakh pensioners get just Rs 300 to Rs 500. Javadekar said, in many states, even the old age pension is higher than the monthly amount given under this scheme. A national meeting will be held on this issue in the last week of June in Delhi, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13403835", "title": "DLF City residents plan protest over water today", "text": "GURGAON: Residents of DLF City are planning to stage a protest outside DLF's local office over the continuing water crisis in Phase I on Wednesday.While the residents have alleged that the developer had failed to meet the water demands forcing them to depend on private tankers, the company has expressed its helplessness claiming that it is not getting enough canal water to meet the requirement.Residents from almost all parts of DLF City have been complaining against inadequate water supply for over a month.Last Thursday, the developer had issued a letter to the Gurgaon Citizens' Council, a residents' organization, stating how they were facing water supply problems from HUDA from May 14 to 17.On the other hand, a delegation of the residents' welfare association (RWA) met HUDA administrator Praveen Kumar on Monday and highlighted the acute water shortage problem in Phase III. According to an official release, Kumar visited the affected blocks and decided that the authority would take over the construction work of water facilities in S-block and it would be completed within 15-20 days.HUDA has also decided to install a 400HP booster at Basai water treatment plant within a week to augment the water supply. At present, the irrigation department supplies 100 cusecs of water to HUDA while 43 cusecs more is needed to meet the present demand.It was also decided at the meeting that another 400HP booster pump would be installed at the Sector 16 boosting station from where canal water is pumped to DLF areas. Moreover, a 500kVA genset would be installed at the boosting station to meet the emergency electricity requirement for the pump.The administrator also directed the private developer to increase the number of water tankers so that these reach the residents as soon as possible. HUDA claimed that issues related to the allowing of water tanks to enter private colonies were held with the traffic police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13402555", "title": "Foundation to adopt 3 meritorious students", "text": "BELGAUM: Gopal Jinagouda Foundation (GJF) will adopt three meritorious students this year to assist them financially for pursuing higher education.The GJF, which was established in 2010, has adopted nine students in the past two years.Gopal Jinagouda, Foundation chairman, said on Tuesday that the GJF would spend Rs 2.50 lakh on each selected student for their higher education. The Foundation conducts separate eligibility examination and selects students based on their SSLC marks and eligibility examination.SDtudents can pursue any course except medical. They will be given free books, clothes and college fee. Contact: (0831)3291999/2563263.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13402093", "title": "Another leak in goof-up season?", "text": "On Tuesday, SSPM College of Engineering in Kankavli was all set to conduct the first-year engineering exam when it received an SOS from the university.Officials from the Kalina campus directed the exam head not to open the question paper bundle and informed him that a fresh paper was being e-mailed. Since the new question paper, six pages long, had to be photocopied before it could be distributed to more than 200 first-year (first semester) ATKT engineering students, the exam began at 12 noon, after an hour's delay.The stress levels of students taking the same exam at three other colleges-Rajaram Shinde College of Engineering in Chiplun, Gharda Institute of Technology and Rajendra Mane College of Engineering and Technology-were similarly high. All these colleges had received the question paper bundles on Sunday but finally distributed the paper the university emailed on Tuesday morning at 11.35 am. \"The exam began at 12 noon and we gave additional time to all the students,\" said the exam in-charge at Rajaram Shinde College.While the exam in-charge mentioned that the college received a call at 9 am from the university, asking officials to ensure that the question paper bundles were not broken as the paper had \"leaked\", university officials claimed the entire exercise was a mock drill. \"We had to check how prepared the seven colleges in the remote areas were to deal with a situation where question papers are sent via email,\" said Subhash Deo, director of examinations. \"In a recent principals' meet, we decided that in the near future we will email the question papers to colleges instead of printing them. If these colleges did not manage to start the paper on time, it means they are not well equipped.\"When asked whether the paper had been changed because of a leak, Deo replied, \"The university had no information about any leak. So then, why would we change the paper? As I said, it was a mock drill. We will be conducting such drills very often now.\" In that case, why had the university printed question papers and sent the bundles in advance? Deo claimed this was a \"back-up\".The 'drill' has taken principals by surprise for more than one reason. \"A mock drill cannot be conducted at the expense of students; they were put through a lot of inconvenience,\" said a principal. He added that two weeks from now, the university had grand plans to celebrate Environment Day on June 5 and it was \"shocking\" that thousands of question papers were printed and sent to colleges on Sunday.Interestingly, the seven colleges in Ratnagiri where the 'drill' took place have been asked to send the sealed bundles they received on Sunday back to the university. \"We got a call around 8.30 am on Tuesday, asking us not to open the bundle. We plan to send it back by tonight with the answer scripts,\" said an official from one of the colleges. A source says that this could indicate that a leak had taken place and the new paper emailed to the colleges was a changed one.While the university denied that it had received any alert about a paper leak on Monday night, officials at the campus press confirmed that two question papers did come for reprinting in the wee hours of Tuesday. While one paper was the engineering mechanics one, the other is still unknown. When asked whether this was true, Deo told TOI, \"We do not have the facility to print six pages for 20,000 students overnight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402395", "title": "Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation okays proposals worth Rs 200 crore in a day", "text": "PUNE: Supplementary proposals for works worth Rs 200 crore were approved at the civic general body meeting of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation on Saturday. These proposals are in addition to the civic works proposed in the budget early this year.Several corporators said that the civic works proposed in the budget should be discussed. They also raised queries about why the civic administration had sought the approval of the general body for works costing more than Rs 50 lakh. The total expenditure incurred on all such proposals is estimated to be around Rs 814 crore.This year, the draft budget prepared by the civic administration was not presented to the standing committee because of municipal elections. The civic administration said that the budget prepared by the administration has come into effect from April 1 that is the start of the new financial year. At the general body meeting held on Saturday, the corporators submitted supplementary proposals of works costing Rs 200 crore.Corporators also debated the proposal to make changes in the development control rules for allotting transfer of development rights (TDR) to citizens from whom land was acquired for civic works before 1999. While the Shiv Sena strongly opposed the proposal arguing that the provision to give TDR to the original owners was removed. However, the proposal was finally approved with the support of the NCP.Meanwhile, the general body has promoted joint city engineer M T Kamble to the post of city engineer. A one-year extension has been given to chief accounts officer V T Bhosale, municipal secretary Subhash Kale, and municipal officer of health R R Iyer.A resolution for appointing NCP's Hanumant Gawde, Arun Borhade and Sujit Patil; Baba Dhumal of Shiv Sena and Goraksha Lokhande of Congress as the nominated members was also approved at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401224", "title": "Sonia Gandhi tells UPA govt: Time\u2019s running out, so perform", "text": "NEW DELHI: Marking the third anniversary of the UPA II government, Congress chief Sonia Gandhi on Tuesday put the ruling coalition in poll mode, warning her party and allies that they have two years to get their act together as UPA-2 can hope to renew its mandate in 2014 only on the basis of performance rather than promises.Her remarks came after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in his speech acknowledged that people were angry and frustrated over corruption. \"We know there is public frustration and anger over the issue of corruption. I wish to assure our people that we are working sincerely to address the issue,\" the PM said in a candid acknowledgement of the problem which is seen as having sapped the goodwill for the government.Sonia outlined the task ahead, saying, \"We are aware that only two years are left when we will be seeking a new mandate from the people. We are fully aware that the result of that will not depend on our promises but on the nature of work done by us.\"The wake up call came as the government utilised a function at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's residence to rebut the damaging charge that UPA-2 was in the grip of a \"policy paralysis\" by releasing a report that talked of a robust economy and ambitious welfare schemes.Responding to questions, the PM also pitched in, saying, \"The perception (of a policy paralysis) can be misplaced. It can be corrected by reality. The facts can correct the perception.\"The function gave the government an opportunity to showcase its numbers in Parliament with Samajwadi leader Mulayam Singh Yadav finding pride of place next to home minister P Chidambaram. A seat for RJD leader Lalu Prasad as well underlined the coalition's comfortable majority in Lok Sabha.It was Sonia's speech at the dinner to mark three years of UPA-2 that set the tone on a humid May evening when she said that while \"opponents were being loud and aggressive, and leveling irresponsible charges\", the government must concentrate on working hard and fulfilling its objectives.On corruption, the PM said the government was trying to set up Lokpal and make a law for time-bound delivery of public goods and services and judicial accountability. \"We are trying to ensure exemplary punishment to the guilty while also ensuring that public servants feel secure in taking bona fide decisions that are in the national interest,\" he further said.Congress leaders pointed out that since the last six months of a government's terms are invariably overtaken by the dynamics of elections, the government just about has 18 months to deliver on big issues like corruption and the economy. They interpreted Sonia's speech as a reminder that the window for tackling the challenges of perception of sleaze, as well as a slowing economy and stubborn inflation, is rather small.Reverses in state and civic polls show that the government has reasons to worry. Although the BJP is also in a disarray, many in Congress feel that voters may decide to punish the incumbent without being concerned about political stability.However, Sonia, who is also UPA chairperson, struck an upbeat note. \"There is no room for disappointment (nirasha) even as the country faces a challenging economic situation,\" she said, pointing to UPA-2's achievements, particularly those that have benefitted the disadvantaged through health insurance and rural employment guarantee schemes.Sonia's unambiguous remarks can be seen as a early poll bugle as the government has been immersed in crisis management, with the latest preoccupation being managing the presidential election in the face of conditions imposed by assertive allies like Trinamool Congress.The well-filled stage would give Congress managers some respite as those on stage represent a comfortable majority in Lok Sabha, enough to ensure the ruling coalition lasts its full term.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13400603", "title": "Mumbai hold the edge over Chennai in eliminator", "text": "BANGALORE: In the movie Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara, one of its lead characters insists that everything in life is written beforehand. With Chennai having made the playoffs, the statement rings true somewhat. It is ironical hence that the defending champions meet Mumbai, which is home to Bollywood, in the Eliminator at the Chinnaswamy Stadium on Wednesday night.Seemingly down and out when Bangalore looked all set to crush Hyderabad on Sunday and set up their home date with Mumbai, Mahendra Singh Dhoni's men were suddenly handed a lifeline thanks to a collective display of downright foolish strokemaking by Bangalore's leading players. Now, in a complete turnaround, bookmakers have ranked Chennai as clear favourites against Mumbai and who knows a third successive title too may be written for them.Whatever the script, Mumbai have a triple-edge over their rivals. Twice this season they have beaten Chennai, away in the tournament opener and at home when Dwayne Smith played an unbelievable cameo over the final three deliveries of the match to pull off a most unexpected win. Thirdly, Mumbai have played one match at the Chinnaswamy Stadium during the league phase just a little over a week ago and tasted victory while Chennai's away game against Bangalore was washed out without a ball being bowled.This though is the eliminator, a virtual quarterfinal, and in a season where the quality of cricket overall has been poor - a fact masked by many last-over, last-ball finishes - the team that ends up making fewer mistakes will prevail.Both Mumbai and Chennai, with the kind of talent at their disposal, filled as they are with the right mix of international and national stars, should have done far better. But, strangely, both teams have mostly struggled, playing indifferent cricket which, had the overall quality of the game been better, would have seen them exit the tournament long before the eliminator.Big boys though are known to join the party late. Hence, the potential for Bangaloreans and the respective teams' supporters to witness a cracker cannot be undermined. With the likes of Kieron Pollard and Albie Morkel around, their finishing abilities with the bat being proven, no total may be defendable even as bowlers such as Lasith Malinga and R Ashwin are capable of making any total look adequate.Seen in that light, it would mean that either captain, Chennai's Dhoni or Mumbai's Harbhajan Singh, will be confused at the toss. Normally runs on the board is the done thing in a pressure game but then neither team is a normal one, even if their performances until now have been ordinary for a large part. So the call at the toss will be tricky.Brace yourselves then for a contest that just cannot be prejudged or predicted. What has been written beforehand, if indeed such things happen, is not in the teams' control or anyone else' for that matter, so let's not worry about that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402721", "title": "Political parties want simplification of account relating to election expenses", "text": "LUCKNOW: A meeting regarding expenses incurred during assembly election-2012 was held on Tuesday. The representatives of political parties put forth their views on simplification of account relating to election expenses. The representatives requested the EC to remove difficulties often faced by political parties in distribution of voters' slips and simplify other procedures. They also gave their suggestions for preparing a common voters' list and making corrections in the voters' lists.A few representatives made recommendations for imparting effective training for BLO, returning officers and sector magistrates. They said that strict action should be taken against them if they are lax in their duties.Chief electoral officer ( CEO) Umesh Sinha while thanking the representatives of the political parties for giving their valuable suggestions on election expenses said that he would put their suggestions before the Election Commission . He said that for including names of voters in the voters' lists, the EC has set up voters registration centre at every tehsil where the people can get their names added in the voters' list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13400585", "title": "Couple killed on tracks on first wedding anniversary", "text": "MUMBAI: A couple crossing the tracks at Thakurli railway station was killed by an oncoming train on Tuesday morning. The man, Vijay Patil (27), and his seven-month-pregnant wife Priti (23) were to celebrate their first wedding anniversary with a party that evening.Vijay had gone to fetch Priti, his father Balgonda (55) and mother Chaya (52), who were coming from Kolhapur for the anniversary celebrations to be held at Vijay's rented house in Dombivli East. The trio had taken a local train from Kalyan to Thakurli, where Vijay was waiting for them. They waited for a CST local to pass before attempting to cross the tracks. But a local coming from the opposite direction hit the couple even as Vijay's parents managed to escape unhurt.The distraught father told TOI that Vijay had never crossed the tracks before. \"I don't know why he chose to take us that way on Tuesday,\" he said. Shivajirao Bagal, senior police inspector from the Government Railway Police (GRP), Dombivli, said that Vijay probably decided to do that because of his father's weak legs, and because they were carrying heavy luggage.Thakurli is a notorious accident spot, where 16 accidents have been reported in the last five months alone. Indeed, the statistics of the three railway stations within the jurisdiction of the Dombivli GRP in the last five months are grim: fifty deaths have taken place here, of which 24 were at Kopar railway station, 16 at Thakurli and 10 at Dombivli. Another 37 people were injured in railway accidents at these stations.The railway authorities' response has been to launch awareness campaigns at the accident spots. \"The Railway Protection Force (RPF) and GRP, with the help of NGOs, have been staging street plays,\" said A K Singh, Central Railway PRO. \"In fact, just one day before the accident, Satish Menon, an inspector from the Thane Railway Protection Force, had organized a street play in Thane's Kalwa area.\" Singh added that the railways had now started using multimedia at some stations to show images of imaginary accident victims to alert commuters. \"This has had an impact on commuters,\" he said. \"We are now planning to start it at stations like Thane, Dombivli and Kalyan.\"Central Railway has been taking more concrete steps as well. \"We have constructed a wall at the boundaries of many railway stations,\" said Singh. \"In addition, fencing work between two tracks is on at 37 railway stations, of which five have been completed.\"Meanwhile, the police have filed a case of accidental death. On Tuesday afternoon, after the post-mortem report, the family took the bodies of Vijay and Priti to their hometown, Kolhapur, to conduct the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13406133", "title": "Ram Charan's Racha completes 50 days in 127 centers", "text": "Ram Charan - Tamannah starrer Racha opened to lukewarm reviews from the critics but the movie has proved them wrong. The movie which opened to record collections is all set to complete its 50 day run tomorrow and if the movie's publicist, Sreenivas is to be believed Racha has set another record. \"Racha is the first Tollywood flick in 2012 to cross 50 days in more than 100 centers. The film is successfully running in 127 direct centers. The movie has had a successful run in three South Indian languages as well,\" says Srinivas who like to call the movie a \"mega hit\". The producers claim that the movie has collected a share of over Rs 45 crores in collections since its release. Finally Ram Charan fans have something to cheer about.Here is an area-wise break up of the centers in which Racha is still going strong.Area No of theatersNIZAM- 16 CEDED- 38 NELLORE- 09 KRISHNA- 08 GUNTUR- 13 VIZAG- 24 EAST- 1 1 WEST- 08Total 127 all over Andhra Pradesh", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13406790", "title": "Review: Nikon 1 J1 camera", "text": "There is a new breed of cameras in the market nowadays. These are called mirrorless cameras. While they are around for a few years now and have brought success to firms like Panasonic and Sony, the camera heavyweights Nikon and Canon have become serious about them only this year.Before we review one of the Nikon's offerings, let's quickly introduce mirrorless cameras. Unlike the DSLR cameras, they don't have a mirror-based optical viewfinder. This means they can accommodate a big image sensor in a smaller and compact body. In many ways, a mirrorless camera is an attempt to combine the best of a point &amp; shoot camera, which is the compact size, and best of a DSLR camera, which is the image quality and interchangeable lens, into one device. The idea is definitely sound and has helped mirrorless cameras gain lot of traction in the market.Nikon launched two mirrorless cameras in India several weeks ago - 1 J1 and 1 V1. Of these the J1, the cheaper one, is with us today. Can it fulfill the promise and match picture quality of a DSLR camera without its additional bulk? Let's find out.Clean looks, fantastic build quality J1 has a modern and minimalist design. There are few protruded parts and if the lens is not attached, the camera looks like a single unified block built with aluminum allow. At the same time, the build quality is top notch, something that a user will realize as soon he picks up the camera. It feels heavy for its size and dimensions. Is it a good thing? This will depend on whether you like your cameras to be light or feel reassuring in the hand with their weight. We like the solid feel J1 has.J1 can capture pictures in up to 10.1 mega pixels. It has a sensor size of 13.2 mm x 8.8 mm, which is considerably smaller compared to the APC C (23.4mm x 15.6mm) used in competing cameras like Sony Nex-5K. However, Nikon says that it uses a technology called high-speed AF CMOS, which helps J1 capture impressive amount of detail even in the low light conditions. The company calls its image sensor CX format. It has a crop factor of 2.7X. This means that if you use a 10mm lens on the camera, the actual focal length will be 27mm.The camera can shoot videos in up to 1080P - full HD - resolution.Just like other mirrorless cameras, J1 uses a proprietary lens mount called Nikon 1 mount. As part of the default kit the company bundles a 10-30 mm lens (27-81mm effective) with the J1.Some hits, some misses We spent a considerable time with J1, shooting thousands of photographs in different conditions with two lenses - the 10-30mm and 30-110 telephoto. We shot in the daylight and in the pitch dark. We shot macros and landscapes. While the picture quality was mostly good, the overall experience turned out to be average. Let us explain.The pictures and videos taken with J1 have very good quality if the light is adequate. This means if you are shooting outdoors or in a well-lit room, the performance of J1 is stellar. The images have right amount of detail, pleasant colours and good sharpness. It especially handles dynamic range - the contrast between bright areas and dark areas in a scene - very well. The same is true for videos. Also, focus is very fast and camera performance is snappy.Unfortunately for J1, good performance in adequate conditions is no longer a big deal. A decent point &amp; shoot camera performs somewhat similar if the conditions are ideal. The difference between good cameras and great cameras lies in the way they handle low-light conditions. Here, J1 performs marginally better than point &amp; shoot cameras but falls short of image quality that similarly-priced mirrorless or DSLR cameras can produce. Given the size of the sensor used in J1, we are not surprised. While technologies like high-speed AF CMOS can be useful, at the end of the day it's all about how much light a camera can capture and process, something that depends largely on the size of image sensor.Another major issue with J1 is manual control, or the lack of it. For some reason, Nikon has made it difficult to use manual mode on J1. Yes, the options are all there. But they are hidden in menu and using them is cumbersome. We understand that Nikon has tried to simplify the process of taking photo. The company believes J1 will be used by mainstream users and not prosumers, who tend to buy DSLRs. But it would have been better to see more accessible manual control on J1. Nowadays, even cheap point &amp; shoot cameras try to get the manual controls right.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13401140", "title": "12 shops fined for using banned plastic bags", "text": "NAGPUR: Continuing the drive against use of plastic carry bags of less than 50 micron thickness, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has taken action against 12 shops on Tuesday.Confirming the action, deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI that 12 shopkeepers were penalized for violating the norms. \"The drive will be extended to cover all parts of the city in coming days. We have to ensure total ban on plastic less than 50 micron thickness to prevent obstacles in smooth flow of water in drains and rivers during monsoon,\" he said.The NMC squad led by zonal officer from Dharampeth Zone Sanjay Gaure and food inspector Mukund Khuje inspected various shops in Dharampeth. Action was taken against general stores, flower sellers and fruit vendors. Prominent among those were National General Stores, Bharat Bangles, Milan Collection, M/s Indore Namkeen, Aziz Trading and Khubsoorat Collection.According to the norms, first-time offenders are fined Rs 5,000 and second-time offenders Rs 10,000. Third-time offenders are fined Rs 25,000 and can be sentenced to three months imprisonment if found using plastic less than 50 micron thickness.NMC started the drive from May 18 and will continue it till the end of monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13401239", "title": "Neeri scientist develops technique to store and transport hydrogen", "text": "NAGPUR: Following ministry of new and renewable energy ( MNRE) goal of bringing one million fuel cell powered vehicles on the road by 2020, the city-based National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (Neeri) has developed a technique of safe storage, transport and supply of hydrogen for such vehicles.In the next phase, the lab-based technique will be scaled up for real use in collaboration with the Technology Incubation Centre of IIM-Ahmedabad which would be giving Rs 6 crore for the project. Neeri director Satish Wate is seeing this as a big achievement for the institute. \"Hydrogen is the fuel of the future. But being highly inflammable gas it needs to be stored and transported safely to fuelling stations. A Neeri scientist has developed a technique to first convert hydrogen into a form that is safe to store and transport. However, the process involves reconversion of the gas into pure hydrogen to be used in the fuel cell vehicles,\" he said.The head of the environmental materials division (EMD) Sadhana Rayalu informed that fuel cells could provide much higher energy conversion efficiency compared to internal combustion engines and had almost zero emissions. She said the process developed by the EMD scientist Rajesh Biniwale would definitely help doing away with fossil fuels and enable use of hydrogen as the fuels for cars.Biniwale who claims to make the process feasible on a large scale by 2014, said his technique involved three major steps. First, the highly flammable hydrogen gas is combined with certain hydrocarbons to reduce its reactive capacity and make transportation less hazardous. This is liquid at ambient temperature and pressure and therefore can be easily transported using trucks. The other advantage is that it has relatively higher hydrogen storage capacity, on both weight and volume basis.Fuel cells generate electricity to power vehicles by combining hydrogen fuel with atmospheric oxygen and releasing pure water as by-product. Safe transportation and storage of hydrogen, both in the vehicles and on the ground, is one of the big challenges in commercializing fuel cell vehicles.Next, at the fuelling station, dehydrogenation or removal of hydrogen is performed in a reactor. The liquid hydrocarbon is sprayed over a catalyst resulting in formation of vapour hydrogen and vapour toluene. The toluene is condensed and recycled again to combine with aromatics. \"Our process could be of extreme use to the automobile industry as it is the only one that has the highest conversion capacity of 98% per unit of catalyst used. Our strength also lies in the development of the catalyst reactor and the converter which is efficient,\" said Biniwale.Hydrogen is already being produced from refineries and as waste from the chloro-alkali production industries. In the first case, refineries recycle the hydrogen but the industries generally burn it to avoid any hazardous event. Hydrogen will also come from splitting of water but the process is experimental and nascent stage. Western world is already using hydrogen fuelled vehicles but in metal-hydride form which has its own limitations and risks associated with high pressure.\"Neeri process will strengthen the hydrogen economy through fuel cell commercialization in India. It will also increase energy efficiency of the vehicle from existing 13-16% to 20-30% making it superior to metal hydride usage,\" said Biniwale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13401620", "title": "Missing 4-year-old found murdered in Quepem", "text": "MARGAO: In a gruesome incident, a four-year-old girl, Seema Motivur Khan, a resident of Mumbai, who had gone missing from her maternal uncle's house at Shirvoi, Quepem, two days ago, was found murdered at a construction site not too far from where she was staying. Police have booked an offence under Section 302 of the IPC (murder) against unknown accused and further investigations are on.Police said that the girl, along with her parents, had come to Goa some days ago to spend the summer. They were staying at Shirvoi in a rented unit of a chawl-like structure with the child's grandparents and uncle. However, while Seema had gone out to play on Sunday, she went missing. A missing person's report was soon lodged at the Quepem police station.On Tuesday, labourers working at a construction site at Shirvoi found the body of a girl lying in the well of an elevator which was yet to be installed. The police rushed to the spot and identified the body as that of the missing child.\"The body was partially decomposed. It appears that the death occurred two days ago,\" Dy SP Mahesh Gaonkar who is guiding the investigations told TOI.Police are yet to ascertain the motive behind killing the child. \"We have referred the body for a postmortem examination which will clarify whether the girl was sexually assaulted before being killing,\" Gaonkar said.PI Santosh Naik who is conducting the investigations said that the police are working on certain clues, and are awaiting the postmortem report to help them in their probe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13403048", "title": "Foreigners in Kerala get an 'extra' holiday", "text": "KOCHI: Lonely Planet's section on Kerala awaits an urgent update: The option to upgrade one's acting skills and, more to the point, get paid for it. With Malayalam movies increasingly featuring foreigners as part of the plot, mostly as exotic props, white backpackers from Europe, North America and elsewhere can, with a bit of luck, now combine business with pleasure.According to industry insiders, around 5,000 foreigners are on average picked up by scouts annually to act in films shot in various locales across the state and sometimes even in neighbouring states. Kochi is fast becoming the hub of this 'cinema tourism'.\"Every year an average of 5,000 foreign tourists who come to Kochi are handpicked for acting in films, mostly Malayalam films. There are eight major coordinators who supply foreigners for films. I myself supply around 500 foreigners a year,'' says Anson Assissi, a co-ordinator who provides junior artistes for films.Any director who needs foreigners to be cast in his or her movie first approaches these co-ordinators. \"The director would send us the details, including age of the character along with photographs of lookalikes. We go to homestays in Fort Kochi and Mattanchery and select them. We brief them about the character they have to do. Most of them would be initially dumbstruck. However, there are those who reject such offers as well,'' Anson explains.Once chosen, as part of their extended holiday the foreigners are taken to locations like Alappuzha, Bakel Fort in Kannur, Thiruvananthapuram and Munnar as well as to various locations in Tamil Nadu like Angalakurichi near Coimbatore and Ootty.During the filming of Neeko Njancha in Cherai beach recently, 15 foreign tourists got a chance to try out their acting prowess. ''If the locations are around Kochi, then they themselves would take care of the accommodation. In case of distant locations the accommodation will be provided by us,'' says Sandeep Senan, producer of Neeko Njancha.\"As it is quite expensive, we would go for casting foreigners only if the script requires it. Normally they are paid between Rs 2000 to 4000 a day,'' he reveals. Besides the remuneration, these tourists benefit from perks too. In case the tourists have to re-schedule their itinerary, they are provided train or flight tickets to their next destination. Now, that's some holidaying indeed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13401957", "title": "Teachers Eligibility Test to be held in 3 languages", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Those who want to teach in schools other than English, Gujarati and Hindi medium schools will have to clear the Teachers Eligibility Test (TET) conducted by the Gujarat government in any of the three languages in which the test is conducted. A government release stated, if a candidate wants to teach in a Marathi school will have to clear his TET examination either in English, Hindi or Gujarati. However, the candidate should have studied in a Marathi medium school till class X or should have Marathi as a subject in class XI and XII. The candidate will also be eligible if he/she has cleared the TET in Marathi language from any state in the country or has cleared the National Eligibility Test conducted by the Union government.The release made it clear that candidates desirous of appearing for TET examination in Hindi, English or Gujarati will have to appear for the Gujarat board TET only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13400545", "title": "453 Pakistan pilgrims to attend Ajmer Urs", "text": "AJMER: A 453-member pilgrim delegation from Pakistan will reach Ajmer at 5 am on Wednesday to attend the 800th Urs of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti. The delegation will come by a special train to Ajmer. On Tuesday, they crossed the Attari border and reached New Delhi in the evening.The railway authorities prepared the 'toru' of Pakistani pilgrims coming to attend the Urs. \"The special train will return on May 29. There are a total of 10 bogies out of which two are sleepers and the rest are AC coaches,\" said a Railways official. He added that there is no fixed number given to them and the counting of Pakistani pilgrims is done by the intelligence bureau.Last year, 454 pilgrims from Pakistan participated in the Urs. The IB has identified the Central Girls' School for the stay of these pilgrims where high security is provided. \"It is our duty to secure the devotees coming to attend the Urs and also to check that they don't leave Ajmer during their stay as the visa granted to them is only for Ajmer,\" said an official.Meanwhile, the first mehfil of 800th Urs of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti began on Tuesday night with the announcement of sighting of moon. There will be a ritual of 'kul' in the dargah and special prayers on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401684", "title": "Locals pour cold water on Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation claims", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the BMC's effort to get the city ready for the monsoon, residents are sceptical that the role played by other agencies like the railways and the MMRDA.\"Every year, the BMC gives the same excuse and blames the MMRDA or the railways,\" Khar-based activist Aftab Siddiqui said. \"Can't they plan the work in advance and ensure that it is completed on time. They are already a month behind schedule, and I have not seen any report on how much work has been done,\" she added. AGNI coordinator Nikhil Desai said, \"Certain culverts that are built on the land belonging to the railways need to be cleaned in time. The mayor and BMC chief must bring pressure on the railway authorities.\" Political parties have also started taking stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13403258", "title": "Common entrance test: Chemistry unnerving, but physics a breeze", "text": "BANGALORE: On Day 2 of the Common Entrance Test (CET) 2012, candidates found the chemistry paper baffling, while physics a breather. Experts said the difficulty level of physics paper was moderate and the time allotted sufficient. This year's paper was easier compared to previous year's ; 14 of the 60 questions were from IPU and only 13 appeared tough, they said.Most students felt that straight-forward questions made paper easy. The theory and problem-based questions were balanced as well. \"Physics was a lot easier than mathematics because most questions were like in last year's paper. Solving mock question papers which are available online was of great help,\" said Kiran KS of St Anne's PU College.\"The paper was easy even for an average student,\" added Sushmitha of Nagarjuna PU College.Chemistry, on the other hand, left students bemused. Not only did many find the time allotted inadequate , they also found the questions tricky. Chemistry teachers said 33% of the questions were from I PU and nearly half of it had numerical problems . There were about five tricky questions. An average student will find it difficult, said the teachers.Anulaa of Vidya Mandir PU College said: \"The paper was tough because of numerical problems. They were really time-consuming .\"The Kannada exam for Horanadu and Gadinadu students is on Wednesday , the concluding day of CET.Provisional answer keysProvisional answer keys for CET 2012 have been published on KEA website http:// kea.kar.nic.in Candidates can file their objections with justification and mail them to keauthority-ka @nic.in before 5.30pm on May 27. While submitting their objections, the subject, version code and question number should be clearly mentioned. Objections without justification will not be considered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13401954", "title": "Woman, 3 grandchildren found dead in Mirzapur's forest area", "text": "VARANASI: Mysterious deaths of a woman pilgrim and her three grandchildren on a hill in the dense Uttar Devi Ka Jungle area under Vindhyachal police station limits in Mirzapur district brought the men-in-khaki on their toes on Tuesday. According to reports, Indar Prasad, a native of Rasauli village of Khalilabad area in Sant Kabir Nagar district, had bought a new bus recently. On May 18, he boarded over 30 persons of his village in the bus to go to Vindhyachal for offering religious rituals at Vindhyavasini Temple. Hubia Devi (62), wife of Lalta Gupta of Rasauli village, also joined this group of villagers with her grandchildren - Dheeraj Gupta (9), Gulshan (7) and Neelam (5) - for the pilgrimage.After offering prayers at Vindhyavasini Temple, all the villagers gathered near the bus but Hubia and her grandchildren did not reach there. After searching them at different places, Indar and other Rasauli natives reported the matter to the local police. The cops also tried to search the woman and her grandchildren in nearby temples, dharmshalas and markets etc.On receiving information of the incident, Dinesh Gupta, son of Hubia and father of missing children, also reached Vindhyachal. On Tuesday morning, some shepherds noticed the bodies of a woman and three children near Budhanala on a hill in Uttar Devi Ka jungle and reported the matter to their village chief as well as police. When the cops reached there with Dinesh, they were shocked to see that the upper part of the body of Gulshan was missing while other bodies had also started decaying. The cause of their death could not become clear during the initial investigation of police.SP (Mirzapur) S C Pandey, who also reached the incident site, said that the cause of death would become clear in the postmortem report. He said that how the woman and children reached at this hill needs to be probed. He said that Sant Kabir Nagar police had started investigating the matter while a team of Mirzapur police was also sent there to know whether Dinesh's family had any enmity with anyone. He said that the motive behind the murders is not known so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13407115", "title": "BCCI stops payment to Kirti Azad who remains defiant", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BCCI may have dropped his name from the list of former cricketers who will get one-time benefit payment but a defiant Kirti Azad on Wednesday said that he will not stop from raising his voice against the Indian Premier League and the Board.According to sources, the BCCI scratched the name of Azad from the list of beneficiaries for the one-time payment following his fast at the Feroze Shah Kotla ground in protest against the alleged financial irregularities in the IPL.There is no official word from the BCCI yet on this issue.Azad said he has not been contacted by the BCCI on whether his name has been removed from the list.\"I have not received any intimation from the BCCI so far. Neither has anyone contacted me,\" he said.Asked if he would accept the one-time payment if the Board decides to give it to him, Azad said, \"The question of acceptance or refusal of the payment arises only when they get in touch me.\"But if they think that they can stop me from raising my voice by doing that, then they are wrong,\" said Azad, one of the members of the 1983 World Cup winning team and now a Bharatiya Janata Party Member of Parliament.Azad, who is to get Rs 35 lakh under the BCCI scheme, said he will continue protesting against the IPL and the Board.\"The skeletons of IPL have been coming out in the open and I will continue protesting whenever I see any kind of wrongdoings,\" he said.Azad was non-committal when asked whether he was getting monthly pension from the BCCI as a former cricketer.\"I am not aware if I am getting the pension or not. I have to ask my charter accountant as to whether I have been getting my pension. I am not aware,\" he said.Azad said he has written a letter to Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee to take action against IPL for various financial irregularities.\"I have already written a letter to Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee asking what action the government intend to take on the allegations of money laundering , tax evasion, foreign exchange violation by the IPL,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13408706", "title": "Scientists unearth bacteria that don't need food to live", "text": "WASHINGTON: They have not eaten for the past 86 million years, but these deep-sea bacteria found on the bottom of the Pacific Ocean are not peckish either -- as they don't really need food to survive, scientists say.The hardy microbes, discovered when researchers drilled into a layer of soft red clay at the bottom of the Pacific Gyre, may have the world's slowest metabolism, with barely enough oxygen and nutrients needed to keep them alive.Believed to have remained untouched for almost 86 million years -- well before dinosaurs went extinct -- the microbes onsume oxygen in quantities which is too small to be measured, the researchers said.\"We normally cannot see what rate they are working at,\" Hans Roy, a geomicrobiologist at Aarhus University in Denmark, said of the microbes.\"It's so slow for us, it looked like suspended animation,\" Roy was quoted as saying by the New York Times.For their study, published in the journal Science, Dr Roy and his colleagues measured the oxygen concentration in layers of sediment gathered from the sea bottom in the North Pacific Gyre, off Hawaii, 100 feet below the surface.They calculated how much oxygen should have diffused into each layer of the sediment. Any missing oxygen was likely to have been consumed by the microbes, Dr Roy said.The deepest microbes that the researchers observed used just 0.001 femtomoles of oxygen per day; to put it another way, it would take 10 years for a microbe to consume the amount that a human inhales in a single breath.\"They are surviving on a minimum energy limit. The whole community seems to be hovering right at the hunger limit,\" Dr Roy said.The deep-sea microbes still largely remain a mystery to scientists, he added. And because the microbes are so slow-moving, they are difficult to study.\"We don't know much about these actual microbes yet,\" Dr Roy said, \"but we know they are there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401319", "title": "Increase Haj quota for state: Haj committee", "text": "HYDERABAD: State Haj Committee officials demanded an increase in the state's Haj quota at the all India Haj Conference 2012 that was held in New Delhi to review the arrangements for Haj 2012 on Tuesday.Syed Khaleeluddin Ahmed, chairman, AP State Haj Committee stressed the need for enhancement of Haj quota for Andhra Pradesh and said that this year the quota allotted is not sufficient.The Haj Committee of India has allotted a quota of 5,764 for the state as against 6,137 last year.Mohsina Kidwai , chairperson, Haj Committee of India, assured the state authorities that their demand would be considered. Further, Ahmed suggested that people who are have performed Haj earlier and are reapplying should be identified in the earlier stages so that others are given a chance to perform the holy pilgrimage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402330", "title": "250 kg marijuana found in well at Nigdi", "text": "PUNE: The Nigdi police, following a tip-off, on Tuesday recovered nearly 250 kg of marijuana (ganja), which was found dumped in a well at Nigdi ota scheme, a slum rehabilitation project.Senior police inspector Nandkishore Bhosale Patil of the Nigdi police station said, \"We suspect that the narcotic was dumped in the well containing water following the tip-off to the police.\" The market price of the seized ganja is in the range of Rs 7.5 lakh, he added. According to Bhosale Patil, an unidentified caller had informed the police control room about the illegal drug on Monday night. \"We rushed to the spot soon after receiving the information, but it was not possible to take out the narcotic as it had already turned dark. \"We posted a guard to keep a watch at the spot in the night,\" he added.On Tuesday morning, we deployed an earth-moving machine to take out the bags from the well. \"A total of 23 bags filled with ganja were brought up. Each bag contains around 10 kg ganja,\" Bhosale Patil said.Investigations are on and no one has been detained for questioning, he said.Meanwhile, a team of anti-narcotics cell of the Pune crime branch also visited the spot. \"We are working on it,\" said inspector of anti-narcotics cell, Satish Deore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13402548", "title": "Lack of manual work leading to diabetes: Expert", "text": "DHARWAD: \"India is fast becoming diabetes capital of the world. According to statistics, there are 40 million people with diabetes and the number will swell to 70 million, if we fail to take precautionary measures. The major cause for increase in diabetes is sedentary lifestyle. Exercise and diet can either reduce or delay the onset of diabetes by over 50 per cent,\" said diabetologist Dr Sandhya Kulkarni.Delivering the Late Dr Padma Angadi Memorial lecture on diabetes and its impact on kidney organized by Uttara Karnataka Lekhakiyara Sangha (UKLS) at Karnataka Vidyavardhaka Sangha here on Friday she said a decade ago there was a wrong assumption that diabetes is a rich people's disease. \"However, with the change in life style, the disease is growing at a faster rate. Neonatal diabetes is also on the rise which is a matter of concern. Now, diabetes is seen in all kinds of people irrespective of age and sex. One of the major factors contributing for increase in diabetes risk is an unhealthy life style.\"Lack of manual work and improper diet are reasons for people becoming more prone to diabetes,\" she said and added that with proper management diabetes could be kept under control and the person can lead a long, quality life.Dr Umesh Angadi presided over the function. Dr Sandhya Kulkarni was felicitated on the occasion. IMA president Dr Suresh Halasangimath, president of UKLS Veena Sankanagoudar, Ujwala Hiremath and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13403122", "title": "Student anticipating failure ends life", "text": "MADURAI: In a tragic incident, a 17-year-old boy committed suicide by hanging, fearing that he would fail in the plus two exams.But when the results came hours after his death, the boy, M Udayakumar, was found to have passed. The death of the boy has left his parents in deep shock and grief. \"I had insisted that he score good marks only for his betterment. We never knew he would take his life,\" lamented his auto driver father Muthuvel, a resident of Dinamani Nagar. The boy's mother was working as a clerk in the city corporation.Udayakumar was studying in a private school at Andhiyur in Erode district for the past several years. \"During our inquiries with his parents and neighbours, we learnt that he had scored below-average marks in the school exams. But he was being pressured to score marks as his parents wanted him to be a doctor,\" said a police officer.On Monday afternoon, he was alone in the house and his father had come there around 3 pm and gave him lunch. Soon, he left the house and Udayakumar was alone. His father had told the police that Udayakumar was seen discussing the exam result with his friend and was a bit worried. But Muthuvel assumed that it was natural anxiety and left as there was a problem in one of their relatives' house. \"But in the evening, the boy locked the house from inside and hanged himself. His family members returned in the night and found the house locked inside. They broke in to find the boy hanging,\" said the police. There was no suicide note left by Udayakumar, but police confirmed it was suicide.Ironically, when the results were out in the morning, Udayakumar was found to have passed.\"Parents consider their children their status symbol and expect them to set benchmarks for the family's status through their marks,\" says a city-based psychiatrist. In general, suicide among teenagers is on the rise over the years and exam stress is one of the key reasons. In April this year, a 16-year-old school girl hanged herself to death after she was scolded for scoring low marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403415", "title": "Health department to probe quackery", "text": "NASHIK: The district health office (DHO) has asked its officials to verify and report the status of the suspected 288 quacks, who might be administering allopathic treatment without having the authority or license to do so. Officials at the taluka level have been asked to probe the suspicion and report to the health office accordingly. have been found practicing in Nashik district. According to the officials most of these could be administering allopathic treatment without being authorized to do so. and hence the taluka level officials have been asked to verify the same and report accordingly.\"We were shocked to see the number of suspected quacks shooting up to 288numbers, under the special campaign launched by the office. However, the information that came forth is that most of them are bachelors of electropathy treatment. According to the court orders those with the doctors electropathy degrees (BEMS) can neither use the prefix add the title 'doctor' to their names nor administer give allopathic treatment. Hence we have asked for verification of their the officials to verify the documents and send in a report within the next two days,in the next couple of days, \" Dr Yogesh Sale, district health officer said after a meeting with officials.The officials however refused to comment over what was the exact number of medical practitioners who possessed BEMS degrees. \"Let the final and concrete data come to us. We will then be able to comment better on communicate and claim about the number of those quacks practicing without certificates and documentation. and those practicing without proper certificates.The department has started a special campaign against the quacks that are practicing in the district,\" the officials said.The Officials from Malegaon said that they have 85 persons suspected of being quacks, the highest figure across the district. the highest number of quack suspects in their taluka with the figure reaching 85. Since these are life-threatening it is time that the DHO took action against them. \"As soon as we get the information, the first information report would be filed against those with no degreesin possession no degree at all. At the same time,The health department will also verify the doctors' certificates for their validity, if necessary they will be sent to the Medical Council of India. after which thatProper action will be initiated, if required, agains those with invalid documentation. Action could include which includes filing criminal cases of criminal cases against them,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pasadena (california)", "code": "13403564", "title": "Nasa\u2019s mission Mars has an Indian touch", "text": "PASADENA (CALIFORNIA): In building number 264 at Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) hectic preparations are underway for the muchawaited landing of the onetonne Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) Curiosity rover on August 5, 2012, near the base of a mountain inside Gale crater close to the Martian equator.Incidentally, the landing date coincides with Neil Armstrong's birthday, the first man to walk on the moon! At the moment the MSL, has about 115 million miles to go and is closing at a speed of nearly 13,000mph.Access to building 264, which played a key role during the landing of the two Martian rovers, Spirit and Opportunity, is restricted. \"Most of the action relating to the landing of Curiosity is now on the fourth and sixth floor of the building,'' said MSL deputy project scientist , Ashwin Vasavada, said.Speaking to TOI, Vasavada said, \"Right now the science team is planning for the operational readiness tests for conducting operations on the surface of Mars which has been scheduled between May 14 and 22. About 300 scientists are involved in the mission, of which 200 will come to JPL for participating in the tests. '' he said.The tests include flashing some of the same commands which will be transmitted to the actual spacecraft once it arrives on Mars. Interestingly , the MSL mission has an Indian touch as apart from Vasavada , two other Indians Deborathy Chattopadhya and Gaj Birur - holding key positions.Vasavada said that once Curiosity begins its scientific mission, life will be pretty tough for the scientists because they have to adhere to the Martian time which is 37 minutes more than on earth. Basically, this means a drastic change in their day-to-day life styles and even losing sleep. \"To create a Martian environment all the windows in those rooms in building 264, where those connected with the MSL mission, are working have half blinds.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13402616", "title": "Fight against corruption, terrorism: Chief minister tells youth", "text": "MANGALORE: The Jana Jagruti Samavesha of BJP Yuva Morcha witnessed the participation of hundreds of youths from various parts of the state at Nehru Maidan here on Tuesday.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said the youth in the nation should take a pledge to wage war against corruption, inflation, Naxalism and terrorism, which are the major threats to the internal security of the nation. \"It is the responsibility of the youth to monitor the entire process of administration. The youth should always keep an eye on the implementation of various government schemes,\" he added.Yuva Morcha national president Anurag Thakur said that the UPA government had failed to provide jobs to the unemployed. \"Neither the Union government could provide jobs nor succeed in controlling inflation,\" he added.The flow of foreign direct investment had been stopped and the problem of unemployment increased considerably during the UPA's term, he said. \"The nation needs an efficient leader like Atal Behari Vajpayee as the Prime Minister,\" he added.No politicsTop state BJP leaders including chief minister, rural development minister Jagadish Shettar, home minister R Ashok, social welfare minister Narayana Swamy, primary and secondary education minister Vishweshwar Hegde Kageri and medical education minister SA Ramdas took part in the convention. However, all of them were mum about issues related to former chief BS Yeddyurappa and crisis in the party in the state. Incidentally, none of Yeddyurappa's confidantes were present at the meet. All leaders spoke to motivate the youth to be vigilant against corruption in the nation, but there were no mention of the state in their speech.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13402380", "title": "Meet to discuss seed distribution", "text": "HUBLI: Water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai said that a decision on distribution of Kanaka variety of cotton seeds will be taken following a meeting of farmers and traders, to be organized in Bangalore on May 23.Speaking to mediapersons at Shiggaon in Haveri district on Monday, the minister said the issue of bringing Kanaka seeds from other districts and distributing the packets to farmers in Haveri and Chamarajnagar districts will be discussed at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402096", "title": "Third anniversary function: Mulayam, Lalu on centre stage as UPA flaunts numbers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress leaders denied there was a plan in seating Yadav bosses Mulayam and Lalu onstage at a function to release UPA's report to the people, but the crowded dais served to emphasize the government's comfortable numbers in Parliament.The SP boss arrived a little early at the event and Congress managers felt it would be appropriate if he was on the stage. Thereafter, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was seen signaling to staff at his residence and soon an additional chair was arranged for the RJD leader as well. The numbers should buffer Congress against muscle flexing by any ally.LJP's Ramvilas Paswan did not make it to the stage but with parties ranging from Sikkim democratic front, RPI (Gavai), Kerala Congress , NC, AUDF, NCP, Trinamool and DMK represented, the government did not seem as beleagured as has been the impression for a while now.The mood was relaxed as Trinamool's Saugata Roy joined other coalition leaders in posing for a formal snap. Even if didi did not deign to travel from Kolkata, her nominee did the honours. BSP chief Mayawati was missing but Congress leaders asserted that she continues to support UPA.If Mayawati's absence was seen as being a result of her bitter rival Mulayam's presence, the government continues to hopeful that she would back its choice of president. The impending presidential election is clearly the big task for the government although both prime minister Manmohan Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi refused to utter a word on the subject.Both also refused to be drawn by questions about finance minister Pranab Mukherjee being \"indispensible\" or otherwise to the government. Congress leaders simply pointed in the direction of the two tables where the PM and Sonia sat, to indicate that the decision on the next president was between the leaders.Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah was seated at the table occupied by Sonia and Rahul Gandhi. He and Rahul seemed to be fairly busy exchanging comments while SP chief Mulayam Singh sat next to Sonia without saying much.Both Sonia and the PM took their time over dinner. The PM's table had home minister P Chidambaram and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee. The conversation did not exactly flow, but the atmosphere seemed relaxed.NCP boss Sharad Pawar was at his affable best, gently responding to questions on party colleague P A Sangma as a contender for president. He said the UPA choice will be the one NCP will support. He had also told Agatha Sangma, a minister of state, that it would be inappropriate for her to campaign for her father. It does seem Sangma's candidature may not travel far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13402141", "title": "4-year-old on Goa holiday murdered", "text": "MUMBAI: A four-year-old girl from Kurla, who went missing last week during a trip to Goa with her mother, was found murdered on Tuesday morning. The body was decomposed and the head severed.A labourer had called up the police in Goa and informed them that a kid's body was found behind an abandoned under-construction building in Madgaon. Cops said they had received a missing complaint about the kid and identified the body from her clothes.The police registered a murder case and sent the body for post-mortem. Sources close to the family said the girl, Seema Muzeeb Ur Rahman, and her mother, Momina Khatoon, had gone to her grandmother's house on a holiday. The family stays at Kajupada in Kurla (W).\"Four days ago, Seema, who was playing outside the house, went missing. The family looked for her for hours before lodging a missing person complaint,\" said Mohammed Jameel, Seema's uncle.Jameel said they will leave for Goa soon. Seema's father, Rahman, a scrap dealer, told cops that he does not have enmity with anybody nor rivalry with any businessman. The police said it was unclear how the child reached the abandoned building, which was quite far from her granny's house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13402713", "title": "Water tariff hike puts mayor in a fix", "text": "MYSORE: There could be a cut in the steep hike in water tariff effected by Mysore City Corporation (MCC).Congress, the principal ruling party, is finding itself in a difficult situation following the announcement of the hike, which has led to opposition and protests. Mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy admitted this, saying: \"I didn't know that the hike will be this steep when we decided to revise the rates. I was given to understand that the raise will be nominal. But it is too high for the common man.\" Rajeshwari, the Congress member, added: \"The BJP government hiked the rates. We are (only) implementing it.\"As chairperson of the taxation and finance standing committee, Rajeshwari had announced the hike when she presented the 2012-13 budget on March 29. Six weeks later, she is finding herself at the receiving end -- Congress leaders are spearheading the protests against the hike, which has become rallying point for political class with assembly and MCC elections some 10 months away.\"We've decided to take the issue to the council and reduce the hike,\" Rajeshwari explained. This will take time as the council cannot decide owing to code of conduct in the wake of polls to the legislative council from the south teachers' constituency.\"Congress members have discussed the issue, and we have decided to move the government registering our opposition,\" she said.During March-end, when the MCC indicated that water tariff will be revised when it presented the budget, it didn't specify the details. Now the steep raise in the tariff has led to street protests. Congress leader and former MLA M K Somashekar said Rajeshwari was kept in the dark by MCC commissioner on the new rates when she was drafting the tax proposal in March. \"Even the corporators were not informed. The government has taken a unilateral decision,\" he claimed.Subramanya, chief of Vani Vilas Water Works, the water supplying arm of the civic body, said, the tariff was revised by the government. The rates are revised in all corporation limits like at the MCC, he added.During this fiscal, it is projecting to generate Rs 50-crore revenue from the revised rates, which forms some 10% of its revenue receipts of Rs 427.51 crore. By focussing on water taxes, the MCC is looking at increasing its revenue. The last revision was made in January 2006.There is a provision to revise it every three years, and the government has okayed revision of tariff in July, 2011. There are 1.75 lakh water connections, which are metered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13403046", "title": "State to sell vegetables 30% cheaper", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With vegetable prices going through the roof, the state government has decided to sell vegetables at 30% subsidized rates through outlets of Civil Supplies Corporation (Supplyco), Horticorp and Vegetable and Fruit Promotion Council Keralam (VFPCK).This decision was taken at a high-level meeting convened by CM Oommen Chandy here on Tuesday. Food and civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob and agriculture minister K P Mohanan were also present.In addition to Horticorp's 98 outlets, VFPCK's 25 outlets, four mobile outlets, two Big Bazaar malls in Thiruvananthapuram and Kochi and Supplyco's 26 outlets, the subsidized vegetables will be sold through 106 new outlets in 56 taluks.The CM has entrusted the overseeing of these outlets to agriculture production commissioner Subrato Biswas. All these outlets should start functioning by Thursday, the CM has ordered. To continue the effort at controlling prices, Anoop Jacob said Maveli stores will be set up at 16 places across the state by June 5, while People's Bazars will be set up to supply provisions at subsidized rates. Supplyco medical stalls will be set up to provide essential medicines at 20% subsidised rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402687", "title": "Parliament clears bill against child abuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: The legislation to protect children below 18 years from sexual abuse became a reality on Tuesday with Lok Sabha passing the bill earlier cleared by Rajya Sabha. Parliament's nod came with the decision to keep the age of consent at 18 years despite opposition from child rights activists.The bill provides for special courts for speedy trial of cases and stringent punishment up to life term for the offenders.Winding up the debate, women and child development minister Krishna Tirath said, \"The bill is gender neutral. It seeks to protect children from sexual offences... the burden of proof will be on the accused.\"Tirath said everybody below 18 years would be treated as child who would be helped by friendly provisions like in-camera trial, confidentiality and lodging of complaint at the place and time chosen by the victim.While there was unanimous support for the bill, RJD chief Lalu Prasad raised the issue of erosion in values in the country and demanded the minister should have discussed the law in an all-party meeting. He said the provisions of the bill could be misused.Prasad asked why the government did not move the Supreme Court against the decision of the Delhi High Court decriminalising gay sex. \"We are not animals, we are humans. Why have you not gone to the Supreme Court,\" he asked.He said values had fallen and \"dirty pictures\" made in the country was making family viewing impossible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13403071", "title": "Determination kept these sightless students going", "text": "MADURAI: For these students from a blind school, being visually impaired has nothing to do with having a vision.Driven by determination, hard work and a quest for knowledge, all but one student of the IAB Higher Secondary School and Rehabilitation Centre run by the Indian Association for the Blind (IAB) at Sundararajanpatty near Madurai have come out with flying colours in the Plus Two examinations, the results for which were announced on Tuesday.\"In fact, we hope that the other student will also pass out successfully. His result has been withheld for some reason,\" said S M A Jinnah, founder and secretary general of IAB. As many as 21 students including six girls from Madurai as well as adjoining districts had appeared for the exams in the school, which has been functioning for the past 27 years.K Sahul Hameed, son of Kather Moosa, who runs a small footwear outlet in Kumbakonam is the school topper with 1042 marks. \"I aimed to score more than 1000 marks. I am happy that I achieved it,\" said a jubilant Sahul Hameed. A student of economics, commerce and accountancy, Hameed says that he had studied for about 14 hours everyday. \"During the exams my entire day was spent studying. My teachers gave me special coaching for three hours in the morning and two hours in the evening besides the usual class hours,\" a grateful Hameed said. Hameed now wants to pursue English Literature and also wants to pursue doctoral studies so that he can become a professor.Prithviraj, the second ranker, who scored 1040 had missed centum in accountancy by two marks. \"Almost all our students are from poor backgrounds. Despite that, we are maintaining centum results for the past 10 years,\" said Jinnah. This year, nine of the students had scored over 1000 marks. The lowest score is 720 marks, which is a huge fete that even the normal schools find difficult to achieve.\"The entire credit goes to none other than the hardworking students who braved all odds to achieve success,\" a proud Jinnah said. The school focussed on question papers of previous years, besides conducting frequent revision tests. Out of the six teachers who handled Plus Two students, four were visually impaired who had toiled the whole year to coach the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13403822", "title": "Gurgaon Gramin Bank registers 10.9% earnings", "text": "GURGAON: The region's foremost rural bank, Gurgaon Gramin Bank (GGB), has registered unprecedented growth in the bygone financial year, with the organization getting business of Rs 6,419 crore and booking 10.9% profit margin. The data released by the bank shows that its operating profits climbed to Rs 143.88 crore in the financial year 2011-12, a significant leap from Rs 113.97 crore in 2010-11.Bank officials say that the growth indicates the arrival of rural banking in the region, where GGB already operates 210 branches spread across seven districts. \"Our most successful scheme this year has been the Kisan Credit Card (KCC), which has grown by around 49.2% in the last one year,\" said R P Pahuja, chief manager, planning and management, GGB.Under the KCC, the bank offers farmers low-interest loans depending upon the acreage of land and the type of crop. \"Under KCC, you can claim anything between Rs 25,000 and Rs 40,000 for one acre of farm land,\" said Pahuja.Another programme is general credit loans for those who don't own any land and are interested in entrepreneurial pursuits. \"We have also started offering joint liability loans to groups of people who are collectively awarded the money, and have collective liability to pay back,\" said Suresh Beniwal, manager, technical cell, GGB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13403620", "title": "Exams over, counsellors, parents gear up for results", "text": "INDORE: Not long after undergoing the exam-related stress, result anxiety is now pestering students.With the recent announcement of IIT-JEE results and Class X ( CBSE) results of Chennai region, the anxiety level of those students, who believe they have not done well in the exams, has risen. At the same time, counsellors and parents are gearing up to help students who are under stress.According to an NGO, in 2010, almost 2,479 students between the age group 15 and 25 had committed suicide in the country due to failure in exams. In Indore alone, four students have committed suicide in the last one month. Statistics state that increasing number of students are resorting to the extreme step after failing in their pursuit of professional excellence.\"The stress is enormous as admissions are mostly performance-oriented. It is about numbers and a 0.25 difference in marks make a huge difference,\" Radha Sharma, a mother of a Class XI student said. \"I will accept it as it comes as I do not want to stress my child,\" she added. According to Sumit Upmanyu, a coaching expert, the key to remain calm comes from understanding what your child is capable of achieving.\"If your expectations do not match your child's capabilities, then there will be stress. The best one can do is to mentally support the child,\" parent of a Class XII student said.Career counsellors said that not performing well in an examination is not the parameter to judge the actual talent. Children must be encouraged to explore their interest in music or fine arts. These can be standby career options or effective stress-busters,\" Sachin Bhatnagar, a career counsellor and motivator, said.Parents should focus on their children's achievement and not failure, Bhatnagar said. \"We have started getting calls from anxious children and parents. Children are also looking to give vent to their feelings,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13409621", "title": "Katy to 'show' all about split with Russell in film", "text": "Katy Perry has revealed that the aftermath of her split from then husband Russell Brand , which was caught on camera, will feature in a new movie about her life.Brand had filed for divorce just a year after they got married back in January, when Perry had started already filming scenes for her new 3D film ' Part Of Me '.The 27 year old's emotional few weeks were recorded as part of the documentary, but since Perry has been very private about the split, it was thought that she would edit out those portions.However, on Monday night Perry confirmed that she will address the break up in ' Part Of Me '.\"I thought it was important to show everything in between,\" the Mirror quoted her as saying on Ellen DeGeneres show.\"I think sometimes people think that we're perfect and we know we're not perfect, at all.\"I think it's important to start breaking down the idea that to achieve your dream you always have to be perfect or flawless or live in some kind of fantasy world. So that's why I decided to put everything into the film.\"In the most tasteful way. But mostly it's about how I go there and the ride along the way which can be bumpy but mostly it was extremely fun,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "penukonda", "code": "13401641", "title": "Train mishap survivors recount horror tales", "text": "PENUKONDA: It was the sight of a man, body sticking out and hands hanging, and everything below the torso crushed on the narrow path leading to the second class luggage-cum-brake van (SLR) that numbed everybody amidst rescue operations.\"It was a gory sight to watch our fellow passengers burning in front of us while we stood helplessly. It's too difficult to express the shock in words,\" said Rathnamma Rao, who survived the disaster on the ill-fated train. Some of the victims were stuck in the narrow entrance as they were about to disembark when the train crashed into the goods train in the wee hours.Sridevi, one of the survivors, was inconsolable as she lost her father in the mishap. \"My father was standing near the door and the next moment he fell. After some time we heard his cries from the mangled coach where he was trapped for nearly three hours. He asked for water and we fetched it but we could not hear his moan any more,\" a sobbing Sridevi said.Burnt limbs and body parts were recovered, while the rescuers also found pieces of burnt hands, fingers and legs in the bogie, which was cut open using metal cutters. \"The cries of burning passengers are still ringing in my ears. In a matter of minutes, the fire consumed a woman and a child right in front of my eyes,\" Siddalingappa, who jumped out of the bogie, recounted. Anantapur district SP Shahnawaz Qasim said the rescuers used the metal cutters to get inside the bogies where passengers were trapped. He said the firefighters and railway officers helped police in the rescue operations.Eight-year-old Sameer and his parents, who escaped unhurt, said they were sleeping when they woke up to a loud thud. \"We heard the screams of passengers who had woken up. It was a nightmare,\" he recalled. Most of the victims died as their bodies meshed with the melting steel of the seats as also the bogies which were loaded with highly inflammable items like paint, turpentine, varnish and wood. Firefighters arrived and pulled out the burnt bodies, one after the other. \"By the time we arrived, there was only the smell of the charred flesh,\" district fire officer of Puttaparthi said.At least 22 passengers were being treated at the Hindupur government hospital. Sekhar, a teacher from Patel Nagar in Bellary, said he was going to attend the convocation at the Bangalore University. \"I was in deep sleep and when I woke up, I saw four passengers crushed to death,\" Sekhar told TOI. Sixteen bodies were taken out from the SLR alone, while seven were extricated from the general second class bogie (which was the third from the train engine). Two others died at the Penukonda government hospital.Of the 25 passengers who were killed, 12 of them were identified. Four members of a family - Rudrappa, 35, Hemi Bai, 30, Pavani Bai, 12, and Muttanna, 9, of Kenchanagudda thanda in Siruguppa taluka of Bellary district, Lakshmamma, Mallesh and Veerappa of Nadaguthi village in Bellary district, Satyanarayana Murthy and Punyamurthy of Koppal district, a tribal Venkatesh Pawar of Tiruchanaguda thanda, Venkatesh Pawar, 35, and Ramachandrappa have been identified. Sources said a majority of the victims were labourers from Anantapur, Bellary, Raichur, Koppal and Hubli districts, who migrate to Bangalore for work at various construction sites in summer. \"All the general bogies of Hampi Express from Hubli are chock-a-block with migrant labourers,\" a railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13403365", "title": "The child shall not labour", "text": "BANGALORE: Children make the world go round - some laugh, some cry and others work for their daily meal. You see children selling flowers on the streets, washing cars and often , cleaning tables at restaurants . You watch their childhood dreams fade into the rigorous monotony of beating poverty to simply stay alive. Yet, every now and then, you catch a sparkle in their eyes, accompanied by sudden raptures of laughter, and you can't help but feel happy for them.As millions of working children get on with their daily chores across India, CRY - Child Rights and You - in a run-up to World Day Against Child Labour on June 12, has announced the Treat Right Project. The NGO is partnering with select child labourfree restaurants in Bangalore to spread the message of keeping child labour out of the hospitality industry. \"Although there are child labour Acts, we constantly come across cases of kids employed in various sectors. As an organization , we believe that each citizen should take responsibility for the situation and ensure that all kids have a happy childhood. Eight restaurants are currently partnering us in our endeavour to eradicate child labour,\" says Regina Thomas, regional director, CRY.Among the restaurants saying a firm no to child labour are Medici, Italia, High Note, Taste of Rampur, Four Seasons, I &amp; Monkey, 100 Ft, Bay Leaf, El Tablao and Rogue Elephant.Says Sachin Nair, owner, El Tablao: \"We are opposed to child labour and screen all applications . In fact, many below the age of 18 came asking for work and I turned them down. Even if I'm short-staffed , I'd rather shut down my restaurant than employ children.\"Likewise, Sunil Shetty, partner of restaurant High Note, doesn't believe in employing children.\"But I'm no judge of whether kids should work or not given our country's poverty situation. Many parents can't afford their children a single meal and unless the state looks after them, they'll die of starvation,\" says Shetty. For now, restaurateurs like Shetty and Nair are joining hands with CRY to spread the word against child labour, by practising it.DIGEST THISIndia has the largest number of child labourers in the world - 49.84 lakh Karnataka has the seventh largest child labour presence; rights groups say around 36 lakh are child labourers in the state Gulbarga has the highest number of child labourers in Karnataka. A fact-finding team said there are at least 200,000 boys and girls working from morning to night in the iron quarries of Bellary. Bangalore is estimated to have 2 lakh child workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13403438", "title": "Patna University teachers plan agitation for central varsity tag", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) teachers will soon launch an agitation to press for conversion of PU into a central university. A decision to this effect was taken by the Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) at its executive committee meeting held here on Tuesday under the presidentship of P K Poddar.The Puta decided to offer a day-long dharna at the university office and submit memorandum listing the demand to the President, Prime Minister, Lok Sabha Speaker, Union HRD minister, Bihar governor and chief minister. A delegation of the association would also meet the chief minister in this connection.Conversion of PU, the seventh oldest university of the Indian sub-continent, into a central university has remained a long-cherished dream of most intellectuals, academics and politicians of the state and even CM Nitish Kumar has backed this demand on several occasions in the past. But this demand has always been ignored by the Centre even though several state universities have been converted into central universities in the recent past, said Puta general secretary S B Lall.The Puta expressed its concern at the tardy progress of the process of teachers' promotions as associate professors and professors under different schemes and urged the vice-chancellor to expedite it at the earliest. It also urged the VC to talk to bank for enhancing the rate of interest on teachers' PF contributions and not to deduct TDS earned on PF deposits. It nominated Bal Gangadhar Prasad to the PU house allotment committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402541", "title": "India home to nearly 2.85 lakh refugees", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is home to nearly 2.85 lakh refugees including 1.05 lakh state-less people (including Tibetans) living in different parts of the country.The list of number of refugees - as disclosed by the home ministry -- shows that 83,484 of the total 2,84,746 refugees in the country are from Bangladesh followed by 69,544 from Sri Lanka, 19,115 from Afghanistan and 6,887 from Myanmar.Sharing these details in Lok Sabha , minister of state for home affairs Jitendra Singh said on Tuesday, \"The ministry of home affairs has issued guidelines to deal with foreigners who claim to be refugees. These guidelines provide for the grant of long term visa that permits them to take up any employment in private sector or undertake studies in any academic institution.\"He, however, in his written response to a Parliament question, clarified that the benefits these guidelines were not available to foreigners who had come to India due to economic reasons.The list shows that there are 12 refugees from the US, six from UK, 25 from Iran, 8 from China, 6 from South Korea and 3 each from Germany, Vietnam, Malaysia, Australia and Iraq.Besides, four refugees are from Singapore, two from Norway and one each from France, Canada, Japan and Philippines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "tokyo", "code": "13402728", "title": "India urges WHO to set target to reduce alcohol consumption", "text": "TOKYO: India on Tuesday asked the World Health Organization to bring in a voluntary target that would aim to cut down on harmful levels of alcohol consumption across the globe.Addressing the ongoing World Health Assembly in Geneva, India's health secretary P K Pradhan said, \"This august assembly is going to deliberate voluntary targets for reduction of non-communicable diseases. We would have liked to have reduction in alcohol consumption also as one of the voluntary targets.\"Interestingly, India also proposed a need to think of a \"binding protocol, similar to the FCTC to contain abusive consumption of alcohol, and of reducing underage drinking and drunken driving\".TOI had first reported on April 23 that India would propose such an agreement. In a highly controversial move, the WHO had dropped its plan to set a target for cutting down on alcohol use across the world over the next 13 years.In January, the WHO set a target to reduce per capita consumption of alcohol globally by 10% and another 10% reduction of heavy episodic drinking by 2025 as part of its global plan to reduce the burden of NCDs.But an updated set of global targets for NCDs released to member states including India on March 22 strangely had no mention of alcohol. India's health ministry said \"alcohol was let off the hook with the alcohol lobby forcing WHO into deciding against setting reduction targets on its consumption\".TOI had reported how India was going to ask the WHO to set up a framework for control of alcohol consumption, similar to the existing WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (WHO FCTC). FCTC was the first international treaty negotiated under the auspices of WHO developed in response to the globalization of the tobacco epidemic. It was adopted by the World Health Assembly on May 21, 2003 and entered into force on February 27, 2005. It has since become one of the most rapidly and widely embraced treaties in UN history.India had earlier said it was surprised that countries weren't pushing for a cut down on alcohol even when it was clear that 3.2 lakh young people aged 15-29 years die annually from alcohol-related causes, resulting in 9% of all deaths in that age group. WHO had said that \"member states expressed serious concern with the adult per capita consumption not being a valid proxy of harmful alcohol consumption\".Claiming it received \"low to no support\", WHO said, \"Several countries noted the difficulty of getting an accurate measure of adult per capita consumption given the high level of consumption of duty free/stored/home brewed/black market alcohol. Some member states expressed concern about the implicit difficulties in working with the alcohol industry towards a goal that is counter to their best interests.\"Hazardous and harmful drinking results in 2.5 million deaths each year globally, of these 14% are due to CVD and diabetes.The average age of alcohol consumption in India has been constantly falling by nearly nine years over the past decade. At present, at an average, Indians take their first sip of alcohol at the age of 19 compared to 28 in the 1990s. Soon, experts say it will reduce to 15 years. The Planning Commission says alcohol consumption is connected to more than 60 types of diseases and injury.Alcohol is a risk factor for oesophageal cancer, liver cancer, cirrhosis of the liver, homicide, stroke, psychiatric illness and motor vehicle accidents. Around 25% of road accidents in India are alcohol-related, and 20% of accident-related head injury victims seen in emergency rooms of hospitals have consumed alcohol prior to the accident.In addition, alcohol-related problems account for 17.6% of the case load of psychiatric emergencies. Alcohol use ranges between 25% and 40% in north India and 33% and 50% in south India, with a higher prevalence among the less educated and the poor.Punjab, Andhra Pradesh, Goa and northeastern states have the highest consumption figures. The prevalence of alcohol is reported to be lowest in Gujarat (7%) and the highest is in the north-eastern state of Arunachal Pradesh (75%). The government spends nearly $5 billion every year to manage the consequences of alcohol use, which is more than its total excise earning - $4.8 billion.Nearly 62.5 million people in India drink alcohol with the per capita consumption being around four litres per adult per year. For every six men, one woman drinks alcohol in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13403247", "title": "Golfing, riding to improve focus", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It's vacation time. But staying home is no option, not at least for the kids. Parents too find it hard to keep them at home and make them learn something new. Here's something that both kids and their parents would love - option to learn riding and golfing.As per the trainers at golf and horse riding clubs, these activities prove good exercise for children and help them improve their focus, imagination and concentration.In golfing activities, the basics of the game will be taught like set up, golf swing and chipping and putting. Competition for chipping and putting will be organized too.Brig (retd) I S Punia, general manager of Panchkula Golf Club said,\"The grip, aim, alignment, stance, posture, hitting, chipping, putting, safety, etiquette and rules of golf will be taught at the camp. We look forward to promoting golf in the Tricity and give an opportunity to all children, women and men, even non-members of the club to be able to learn the game from our highly qualified instructors.\"Chandigarh horse-riding association general secretary Jassi Toor said, \"An activity has been organized in such a way that children would get a chance to spend their mornings and evenings learning horse riding.\"Shivam, 6, has been waiting to ride a horse as he is impressed by his dad's horse riding skills and his 'when I grow upa' dream is also to become a good rider. Now, with summer holidays he is closer to realizing his dream. \"I want to be the best rider in the world,\" he says.Meanwhile, Deven, 10, wants to try his hands on golf simply because he likes the sport. \"No one in my family plays golf and I have always been fond of it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13407663", "title": "Six idol smugglers from Tamil Nadu arrested", "text": "CHENNAI: Idol wing sleuths of the economics offences wing have arrested six idol smugglers including a temple 'sthapathy' (traditional temple architect) and seized four panchaloha idols worth Rs 20 crore from them.Two idols of Lord Siva and Parvathi, and a Sivagami idol were recovered from the accused. All the idols are about two-and a-half-feet tall, officials said.Police teams acting on a tip-off arrested an astrologer M Balakumar, R Gopal, S Kannan, who hail from Pudukottai;C Kulandaivelu, K Muthukumar and the 'sthapathy' Nagaraj. Police have launched a hunt for a retired village administrative officer named Jayaraman and five others in connection with the case.Inspector-general of police (idol wing) R Arumugam handed over the seized idols to the Hindu religious and charitable endowment trust (HR&CE;) commissioner Chandrakumar.Preliminary inquiries revealed that the accused had stolen the idols from the Sivantha Paathamudaiyar Temple in Siruvachi village, 16km from Devakottai near Sivaganga district.The Tamil Nadu government has granted Rs 80 lakh to renovate the 800-year-old temple a few months ago. Police inquiries revealed that the accused conspired to steal the invaluable idols while during the renovation. The idols were buried underneath the sanctum sanctorum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401496", "title": "Revenue department most \u2018corrupt\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: Revenue department officials have been found to be most corrupt going by the number of cases of disproportionate assets registered against them last year. The department is equally notorious in protecting 'tainted' officials by not granting the sanction for prosecuting them.In 2011, 182 officials were caught red-handed and cases were registered against 54 government employees for possessing assets disproportionate to their known sources of income.The Supreme Court had in a recent case said the department concerned should not take more than three months to grant sanction to prosecute officials facing graft case.During 2007 and 2011, the ACB had sought sanction from different departments in 91 cases, but its requests were kept in abeyance.Of the 91 pending cases, according to ACB sources, the revenue department has the dubious distinction of topping the list of 21 departments, which have not accorded sanction for prosecution, with a whopping 36 cases registered against its officials and most of these 'tainted' men continue to work without any hindrance. Next on the infamous list are the panchayat raj and rural development and home departments, which have nine and eight cases respectively.\"Even in cases where sanction was granted, the inordinate delay defied all logic. In some cases, sanction for prosecution was granted by departments within a few months from the time of request, while in others they took years. In the case of a revenue department official, they took three years to permit his prosecution,'' the ACB sources told TOI.In several cases, 'tainted' officials seem to have managed top brass of their department by buying time and ensuring their cases go into cold storage. Ironically, in some cases, departments asked ACB officials to drop charges.In the case of GHMC deputy municipal commissioner (Alwal) V S Goud, who was caught for possessing assets disproportionate to his known sources of income, his parent department, the MA&UD;, wrote back to ACB to drop charges against the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13402189", "title": "Table at rave party cost Rs 25,000: Cops", "text": "The Juhu police on Tuesday questioned brothers Romeo and Deepesh Sharma, who make up the music group 'Designer Hippies', for the second consecutive day to determine if they helped organize the rave at Oakwood Premier Hotel on Sunday.The brothers have told the police that the hotel's director, Vishay Handa, was their friend and had verbally contracted them to arrange music at the Sunday night party for a sum of Rs 50,000. They, however, denied knowing about the presence of drugs. The police said they are verifying the Sharmas' claims. Handa was arrested on Monday for renting out the property's rooftop for the rave. No other arrests have been made since.\"We are checking whether either of the Sharma brothers has a crime record and whether they were among the organizers,\" an official said. The police said 110 gm of cocaine, 64 gm of charas as well as tablets of ecstasy were found at the party venue.Sources said the probe into the case is focused on finding Handa's associates, the source of the drugs, and the way the guest list was whittled down. \"We are aware that dozens of parties were organized at Oakwood Premier, but whether any of these were raves is now being ascertained,\" an officer said.Investigators are studying the event's invite to decide if hints were dropped in it to suggest to possible patrons that the party was in fact a rave. Apart from Facebook, officers said, invites were sent through texts and Blackberry messaging. Besides the invite, investigators are studying mails exchanged between partygoers, organizers, DJs and the hotel staff. Handa's mobile records are being examined as well.Going by food and drinks bills found at Oakwood rooftop, the police have estimated that the charge for each table on Sunday night was around Rs 25,000.On Tuesday, in addition to the Sharmas, the police recorded the statements of three others who were present at the party. Among them was one Neha Berry. \"We have started the process of recording statements of all those present at the party,\" a senior official said.Meanwhile, additional commissioner Vishwas Nangre-Patil set up an inquiry into reports that some of the people detained at the rave smoked in police vans and at hospitals, where they were taken for collection of blood and urine samples.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400810", "title": "State suspends DPT immunization after reaction scare", "text": "NAGPUR: After several suspected cases of reaction to DPT immunization in many parts of the country, the state health department has suspended the vaccination across Maharashtra. The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's health department has received a communication from the deputy director health department in this regard.DPT is one of the first vaccines given to new borns and guards against diphtheria, whooping cough, and tetanus.A senior NMC health official told TOI in February this year, a one-and-a-half month old boy in Amritsar had died after DPT vaccination. \"Though it the exact cause of death was not ascertained, reaction following DPT vaccination from a certain batch of vaccine cannot be ruled out,\" the official added. He clarified that adverse reaction was not due to the vaccine or immunization process, but owing to some error in immunization process. With DPT vaccine, serious vaccine reaction includes seizures within 0-3 days in 600 cases per million, he explained.In fact, vaccination's manufacturer Indian Immunological Limited, Hyderabad, too has asked the state health department to immediately suspend the vaccinations across the state. Following the directives, the health department has suspended 30,000 DPT vaccinations of TAG12-B/11 batch stocked in its hospitals across the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13402599", "title": "Chennai topper dedicates her success to her teachers", "text": "COIMBATORE: Although state topper S Sushmitha from SKV Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Namakkal had high aspirations, she never imagined that she would bag the top rank. \"I had a feeling I would get above 1,100 marks. But I did not expect to score 1,189 marks and top the state! I am dedicating my victory to my teachers. They taught me well,\" she said. She scored 475 marks in SSLC.She was staying at the school hostel and used to dedicate at least eight hours every day on her academics. \"The school had conducted practise exams frequently and this helped me very much. I gave up television and focussed only on my studies. I used to wake up at 5 a.m. every day and study till 11 p.m.\" said Sushmitha.Her aim is to become a doctor. \"I am very interested in the human anatomy. I want to become a doctor and serve the poor,\" she said. She scored full marks in physics, chemistry, biology and mathematics.Her father G Sathiyanarayanan of Kavundampalayam in Coimbatore is working as an assistant executive engineer in Tamil Nadu Electricity Board at Palladam in Tirupur district. Her mother S Sumethakala is a homemaker and younger sister S Supraja is studying in Class 8 in Infant Jesus Matriculation Higher Secondary School at Palladam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13405945", "title": "Lok Sabha passes child protection bill courtesy Aamir", "text": "Aamir Khan's show Satyamev Jayate is indeed bringing in a revolution...Satyamev Jayate's second episode addressed the issue of child sexual abuse. The show brought forward shocking sexual offenses that adults have been committing on children.Various victims who faced this ghastly abuse daringly came out of the closet on the show and narrated their horror stories that shocked the country. Never before was the issue discussed in an open forum like it happened on Aamir's show.Aamir Khan won the battle as the Lok Sabha passed the child Protection Bill which was pending for long.Aamir himself spread the word as he blogged, \"Great news! The Lok Sabha has passed the 'Protection of Children against Sexual Offences Bill' today. Unbelievable! Super News!\"He also thanked the victims who helped him to achieve this. \"I want to thank the brave survivors who came on the show today to share their stories. Anamika, Cinderella , Harish, Ganesh, Nazneen and Padma Aunty (Harish's Mom), you all have done a great service to all of us\" said Aamir.More power to Aamir! Jai Hind, Satyamev Jayate!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13401526", "title": "Report submitted to collector: DySP", "text": "BICHOLIM: Bicholim police have submitted a report on the suicide of PWD contractor Vishwas Harmalkar to the North Goa collector's office. No case has been registered against any person yet.DySP Gajanan Parabhudesai said, \"Further action will be taken only after the collector's office sends the report to the (Bicholim) deputy collector's office to initiate necessary action.\" Sources said the police have not received any complaint from Harmalkar's family, even though his brother had orally said Vishwas was tense due to monetary constraints.PSI Sachin Panhalkar confirmed the three notes left by Harmalkar. The first apologized to the accounts department for any mistake committed. The second apologized to the PWD for his inability to complete the work in time and stated there were many hurdles. The third advised his family members to encourage each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401275", "title": "Three die as car rams into truck", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons died and three others sustained injuries when their Innova rammed into a slow-moving truck on the Outer Ring Road near Brahmanpalli on the outskirts of the city on Tuesday.The deceased were identified as N Chaitanya, 24, an MBA graduate from Yellareddy Colony in Hayatnagar, K Praveen Kumar , 25, an employee of a private company from Vanasthalipuram and M Nagaraju, 26, also an employee of a of a private company Narketpally. A Madhusudhan Reddy, 25, a private employee from Chityal, C Santosh, 28, a contractor from Narketpally, and Mohammed Omer Mukhtar Sharif, a software engineer from Madhapur, suffered injuries in the incident but were said to be out of danger.The six youngsters, who completed professional courses (MBA and MCA) from Avanti Degree and PG College in Dilsukhnagar, went on a trip to Goa in Santosh's Innova (AP24 AD 8386) on Friday. The mishap occurred while they were returning to the city on Tuesday morning.At around 10.45am, Praveen, who was driving the Innova at about 130 kmph, lost control over the vehicle and rammed in to the rear of a truck (AP 16 TW 4137) on the ORR near Brahmanpalli.The truck, with a paddy load, was travelling at a slow pace on lane 1 and the accident occurred while Praveen, who was driving in the same lane, tried to shift into lane 2 at the last moment. The right part of the Innova rammed into the left rear tyres of the truck and rolled over several times before collapsing into metallic rubble on lane 4.Three persons on the right side of Innova, including the driver Praveen, died on the spot. Due to the high-speed collision, their body parts got severed and were found scattered all over the road. Surprisingly, the other three passengers, who were sitting on the left side of the vehicle, escaped with just injuries and one of them, Omer, escaped with just a scratch on his left hand. Omer was treated as an out-patient at a nearby private hospital and sent home. The other two injured, Madhusudhan and Santosh, suffered multiple injuries, but their condition is out of danger, Hayatnagar inspector G Srinivas Kumar said.Cases were booked against the truck driver under Sections 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) and 337 (Causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). \"We booked cases against the truck driver for driving slowly in lane 1 of ORR, which is actually meant for high speed vehicles,\" the inspector said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13402840", "title": "Rains cool Bhavnagar, beat scorching heat", "text": "RAJKOT: Bhavnagar residents got an unexpected relief from scorching heat when sudden spell of rains lashed the city on Tuesday.The rainfall accompanied by heavy winds lasted for at least half-an-hour bringing cheers to people. Vehicular traffic, however, came to halt and traffic snarls brought the city to a standstill. There were reports of power cuts in some parts of the city soon after the downpour.Meanwhile, extremities of weather continued in the state. Surendranagar, Idar and Ahmedabad remained the hottest in the state at 42 degrees CelsiusAmreli and Rajkot, too, simmered at 41 degrees Celsius even as coastal parts of the region got relief from rising mercury on Tuesday. Porbandar was cooler at 33 degrees Celsius, while Dwarka recorded 32 degrees Celsius temperature. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13401951", "title": "Experts to trace roots of Saraswati River", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The roots of ancient and mythical river, Saraswati, are now being dug up. The Saraswati River Research Development project of the Bharatiya Itihas Sanklan Samiti, Gujarat has started digging a bore well in collaboration with Kutch University and the Physical Research Laboratory (PRL) to trace the roots of the Saraswati in the state.Former scientist of Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO), P S Thakkar, said on Tuesday that the digging of the bore well is on in the Great Rann of Kutch. \"We are hopeful of finding traces of Saraswati. A study of different layers of soil in Kutch and Rajasthan reveals that they are of the same quality and date back to the same century,'' he said.Talking to reporters, Thakkar said that the Saraswati was a river which had its origin in the glaciers of Himalaya near Kailash Mansarovar. He said that the Samiti had found five different flows of Saraswati in the state.Several palaeo-channels of river have been identified in the region of Rajasthan, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and adjacent areas, some of which are assigned to the Saraswati. The river is considered to have migrated from east to west. But in the past, most discussions have pointed to the river being in north Gujarat.During low sea level regime, the Rann of Kutch and Gulf of Cambay played a significant role in sustaining the course of northern rivers and helped human settlements to thrive. Discovery of distinct palaeo-channel with fortified settlement and numerous channels appeared in the Great Rann of Kutch immediately after the 2001 earthquake.Thakkar said that once the flow of river was found, the Samiti plans to construct bore well in the Rann of Kutch which will be of help not only for people of Kutch but also for the jawans of the Border Security Force (BSF).He said that a small booklet on Saraswati has been prepared for school students, while a 100-page booklet for high school students and a 200-page booklet for college students would be prepared.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13401725", "title": "'Defective meters caused Rs 24crore losses'", "text": "MUMBAI: BEST committee member Ravi Raja on Tuesday told the panel that of the 1.5 lakh electricity meters ordered to be installed between 2009 and 2011, more than 28,000 were found to be \"defective\".He claimed that BEST incurred a monthly loss of nearly Rs 2 crore due to the defective meters. \"The annual losses are pegged at Rs 24 crore. This should be probed and stringent action should be taken against those responsible,\" he said.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said he would look into the matter and ascertain whether the undertaking had incurred huge losses due to the defective meters.According to the statistics provided by Raja, of the one lakh meters ordered in 2009-10, 99,977 were installed and 15,626 were \"defective\". In 2011, 55,000 more meters were ordered, of which 28,481 were installed and 12,519 were found to be \"defective\". \"At a time when the power tariff is being increased to curtail losses, the department should probe the irregularities in installing proper electricity meters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13401452", "title": "High court directive to Sakshi TV management", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Chandra Kumar of the high court on Tuesday asked the management of Sakshi to specify by Wednesday as to how much money it needed to run its show. The judge made this query while hearing Sakshi's plea for defreezing its accounts in SBI, OBC and IOB branches in the city.The CBI froze the accounts as part of its investigation into the Jagan assets case. The judge wondered whether the action of the probe agency would adversely affect the employees of the media group and felt that a solution was needed to be worked out to protect the interests of both parties.Referring to the contents of the FIR in the case, the CBI counsel told the court that the entire Rs 1,172 crore investments in Jagathi Publications, the parent company of Sakshi media group, were in fact proceeds of fraudulent activities and, hence, they froze the bank accounts. A lot of the tainted money was already siphoned off and there was an immediate need to protect the remaining amount, he said.Jagathi counsel C Padmanabha Reddy said that while his client was charged with Rs 74-crore irregularity, they froze Rs 110 crore money in the accounts. He gave an assurance that his client would not liquidate the fixed deposits but sought a relief to run the current accounts needed for day-to-day operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401688", "title": "UPA\u2019s green delays hit growth", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA-2 government on Tuesday showcased several initiatives that have helped in sustaining the environment during its three year rule despite the fact that delay in environmental approvals have hurt project implementation and overall industrial growth.The report to the people outlined the major steps taken to preserve the environment. It talked about the National Action Plan on Climate Change, forest conservation, mission clean Ganga, the setting up of the National Green Tribunal and tiger conservation.The business of the environment ministry, however, got treated more as an albatross around its neck by the UPA than a subject of concern, with clearances remaining at the centre of all debates amid the competing demands of industries.The environment ministry gained profile and so did its work in UPA-2 but very often it got pushed to ease norms and amend rules even as the government found the debates on how to marry growth with greater equity gain ground.The ministry also got dragged into the 2G scam, as the issue of better regulation of natural resources remained stuck. The UPA was unable to push through either the reformed mining bill or the land bill even as existing legislations such as PESA and Forest Rights Act remained relative non-starters.Ironically, UPA-1's impetus to move the debate on natural resources out of the ambit of traditional boundaries - protecting the tigers and forests from tribals and poor - into an argument about better distribution of benefits tied UPA-2 into knots. Big ticket projects such as Posco and Vedanta hit an air pocket of uncertainty as government vacillated on how far to move on the agenda it had set before 2009.On climate change, the other big ticket issue in the environment ambit, the UPA veered back to its original stance gaining some lost ground though fighting the battle at international negotiations with its back to the wall and domestically failing to step on the gas.The two climate change missions that seemed to be taking off - energy conservation and solar power - got bogged down. The former, victim to government's prevarication and the latter, to a controversy similar in nature to that which had hit other resource allocation decisions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13400559", "title": "Few takers for CBSE's school-based exams", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the CBSE had made the Std X board exam optional with a view to ease exam-related stress on the students, the purpose seems to be getting defeated in its second year. Thanks to obstacles created by a couple of states including Maharashtra and Tami Nadu who vehemently oppose admission to CBSE wards in its junior colleges, most students have opted for board exam.This year's exam threw up some interesting statistics that over 75% of students in CBSE schools opted for the board exam this year. In Chennai region, nearly 64% have selected this option. Even in Maharashtra, out of 21,000 students, only 3,081 opted for school-based exams. Among the 36 CBSE schools in the Nagpur region, this is the situation: Out of 4,075 students, hardly 10 students (excluding Kendriya Vidyalaya) have opted for the school exam while remaining preferred the board exam to avoid trouble later.Last year, Maharashtra government had barred such students from getting admission into its junior colleges. It was only after a lengthy legal battle by the parents who went all the went to Prime Minister's Office ( PMO) with their grievance that the government agreed to admit such wards, but it was only after entire centralized admission process was over.Manjot Singh, spokesperson for Aggrieved Parents' Forum which had filed a PIL in the Bombay High Court's bench here protesting the Maharashtra government decision, blamed it on the government officials for the reducing number of school exam students. \"After last year's controversy, where innocent students were unnecessarily being harassed, nobody wants to take risk. It was purely an ego problem on the part of government, nothing else,\" he lamented.Lawyer Rajendra Daga, whose daughter Mihika had scored 98.8% from Bhavan's Vidya Mandir, too felt that state government's step motherly treatment to the CBSE students was creating such a situation. \"We parents feel insecure even as our wards want to opt for school exam. The admission should be purely on merit,\" he asserted.Royal Gondwana School principal Ajay Chaubey, from whose school four students out of 54 have opted school exam, believed that the fault lay with the respective state's policies. \"When CBSE hasn't made any difference to board and schools-based exams, why are state governments unnecessarily creating differences?\" he asked.Abhishek Sahu, one of the students who appeared for school-based exam from Royal Gondwana School, said he took this decision as his father suggested him. \"At the end I think it was fairly good decision as I was free from any burden,\" he said.(With inputs from Apurva Gokhale)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13402997", "title": "Arrested mobile shop owner set free", "text": "KOTTAYAM: A mobile shop owner who was taken into police custody on Monday over issuing sim cards without following the norms was released on Monday night.But the police have not ruled out his involvement in the case. The person will be under surveillance and a detailed probe will be conducted.The shop owner was taken into custody after it was found that the sim cards used by some of the migrant workers from Bangladesh (arrested in Kaduthuruthy) were bought from his shop.The proof submitted for issuing one of these sim cards had the address of a person staying in Kottayam.When contacted, the person said that though the documents were correct, the signature was not his, police said.Meanwhile, Sunil Kumar, DySP, crime detachment wing, who is investigating the migrant workers' case, said that an in-depth probe was being conducted into the case.The workers are now in Viyyur central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13405534", "title": "Ranveer and Anushka just friends?", "text": "He had famously said, he can read every single reaction on her face. But Ranveer Singh has always maintained that he is just 'good friends' with Anushka Sharma. And thus when TOI spotted the two together on Tuesday evening outside a Bandra club, where Ranveer is a regular, we couldn't help but look, and look hard. Dressed in blue denims and a white top, Anushka had come to drop her confidante Ranveer off at the club presumably for his squash and swimming sessions. The actor, dressed in black trackpants and a white t-shirt was carrying what looked like a squash kit in his hand. The two arrived in Anushka's car, a black range rover at around 7.30 pm. Now this is the same club, where Ranveer had been bonding with Sameera Reddy of late. Having reached the club, Ranveer had to of course, reach the reception counter to take care of the formalities. But not without Anushka. Hand-inhand the two approached the counter. And that is when the 'good friends' theory began to crumble a bit. Heads turned when Anushka (rather reluctantly) let go of Ranveer Singh's hands. In fact, terms of endearment were exchanged as well. And then Anushka turned towards the door. And headed straight back to Ranveer's car. The actors who sparked off rumours about a romantic liaison right from their first film together (Band Baaja Baraat) had attended Arjun Kapoor's bash on May 19 together as well. However, this is the first time Anushka was seen with Ranveer at the club. Not so long ago, it was reported that Ranveer Singh and Anushka Sharma had drifted apart due to the actor's proximity to Sonakshi Sinha. Needless to say, all that is a thing of the past now. Perhaps it's time to review the 'friends' tag that they've forcefully put on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13408474", "title": "Karnataka PUC results 2012 declared", "text": "The long wait for the students of the Class 12 examination ended on Wednesday after the Karnataka PU board announced its results. The Department of Pre-University Education, Karnataka, declared the results today at 1 pm.This year more than 6 lakh students had appeared in the class 12 examination. Students can check their results online on http://puc.kar.nic.in/.Users of BSNL landline/CDMA/Mobile can check the results by dialing 1255225 or SMS puc to 53346.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402621", "title": "Rajasthan sub-contractor alleges non-payment, lodges complaint", "text": "LUCKNOW: In yet another case related to development works carried out at various dream projects of former chief minister Mayawati , a man from Rajasthan who undertook different works ranging from supplying granite stones to getting statues made at Mayawati's residence 13, Mall Avenue, Baudh Vihar project, BSP's office at 12-A Mall Avenue and Manyawar Kanshiram Smarak etc has lodged a complaint against two contractors for not paying the due amount.The total work carried out by Ram Avtar Saini, a resident of Rajasthan was to the tune of Rs 6.21 crore. \"Out of which, I was paid Rs 3.16 crore,\" Saini said. Since Saini did not have registration in Uttar Pradesh, he was introduced to Anurag Granites' Jeetendra Misra and Agra-based JK Tiles' Prabhat Kumar. \"They all continued work together,\" Saini said.While carrying out work, Misra and Prabhat told Saini that they were short of money. Saini then arranged money to the tune of over Rs 3 crore from the market and relatives. However, later on they refused to pay back the same amount and even made Saini and his manager Ashok Kumar hostage and even beat them up. Jeetendra even threatened him with dire consequences.Saini then got one firm registered in his name and started doing work. However, even then, Jeetendra continued to threaten him. Jeetendra and Prabhat together owe Rs 3.05 crore to Saini.The Gomtinagar police have registered a case against the two on Tuesday and have started the investigation into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13403230", "title": "Tharejas love bonding amidst greens", "text": "PANCHKULA: Summer vacation is not just about finishing holiday homework or remaining glued to the idiot box. To make the holidays interesting, this Panchkula family, who loves plants, is spending time together rearing diverse varieties of plants.\"From the very beginning, we all have immense love for plants. We opted that this time rather than sending kids to horticulturists to learn about varieties of plants, we all will be learning it together,\" said Dr Rajni Thareja. She further added, \"Not only passion for plants but this will add to the knowledge base of my kids Srijjan and Sunchet.\"The family feels that these trips to various gardens will not only broaden their knowledge base, but also rejuvenate them. \"I feel vacation is meant for kids to spend time with parents. Obviously, vacation means to go out as well but rather than sending children to relatives' place, we thought it wise to keep them busy with our garden. It would serve the purpose of outing as well as increasing the bonding among ourselves. We also take along horticulturist,\" said Sanjay Thareja, Rajni's husband. Sanjay has written a book 'Tree Directory of Chandigarh' on diverse varieties of plants on various lanes in the city.Not only this, their passion for greens helped them win the best garden award successively for seven years.\"We always invest our free time in our garden that helps us know more about different varieties of plants. This time we can see more of summer season plants and after collecting the data, would preserve it,\" said Srijjan who is in class 6.\"Spending time with the plants not only gives you a feeling of freshness but acts as a stress buster as well,\" agrees Sunchet, who has just finished with his law exams.The family has already enjoyed a trip to the Herbal Garden, Panchkula, and is planning to visit the Leisure Valley, Sukhna Lake, Rose Garden in Chandigarh and other gardens at Kasauli and Shimla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13403833", "title": "Gurgaon mortuary too hot for corpses", "text": "GURGAON: Most of the bodies that are brought to the city's only mortuary decay on account of the deep freezer that has been lying defunct for the past five months.The deep freezer has been having problems for more than one and half years now. \"It was repaired many times last year. It last broke down in January 2012 and since then it has not been repaired. The technician informed us that it is beyond repair now,\" said Dr Deepak Mathur, forensic medicine specialist.However, Dr Asaruddin said, \"We recently got a sanction of Rs 7.5 lakh to upgrade the mortuary capacity. There is a plan to install a new deep freezer with a capacity to keep 10 to 12 bodies. The procedure is on and tenders will be invited soon.\"A constant nauseating odour of decomposed bodies keeps lingering over the morgue. According to Dr Mathur, around 4-6 bodies including the unclaimed ones are brought to the morgue daily. As the unclaimed bodies are to be preserved for 72 hours, around 6-10 bodies remain with the mortuary at any given point of time.Relatives of the deceased are forced to buy ice cubes themselves for the preservation of the body. With soaring temperatures, this method is also proving to be of no help to stop putrefaction. A staff member said that the use of ice cubes is not of much use as they melt within a few hours.The mortuary has only two staff members apart from the doctors who come on rotation to conduct postmortem. Given the present situation, Dr Mathur said apart from the stench under which they have to work for long hours, there are also chances of the staff catching an infectious disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13406154", "title": "Man arrested for raping, killing 4-year-old in Goa on vacation", "text": "PANAJI: Goa Police on Wednesday arrested a man for allegedly raping and murdering a four-year-old girl in Quepem town, 80 kms away from here.The victim, who hailed from Kurla in Mumbai, was on a vacation in Goa at her grandparents place in Quepem. While the incident happened on Sunday, her body was recovered from an under-construction building in the town yesterday.According to police, the accused, identified as Dipak Kumar, a labourer, is a married man and hails from Begusarai in Bihar. He has confessed to sexually abusing the girl and killing her on Sunday evening, they said.The minor victim was playing with other kids, when the accused offered her a chocolate and took her to an under- construction site, where he raped her, police Inspector Santosh Desai said.Fearing that she would reveal the incident to her grandparents, the accused later killed the girl by strangulating her, Desai said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13402750", "title": "CBI chief to raise issue of 50 most wanted in talks with Pak counterpart", "text": "NEW DELHI: The issue of over 50 'most wanted persons' including Dawood Ibrahim and nine pending judicial requests will be on the agenda of the CBI director when he meets Pakistan's FIA chief during bilateral talks starting on May 24.CBI chief A P Singh is likely to raise the issue of pending Red Corner Notices and most wanted accused who are allegedly living in the neighbouring country during his talks with the Federal Investigation Agency chief.The agency will also seek quick processing of about nine Letters Rogatory issued in connection with various cases which include some cyber crime cases, CBI sources said here.It will be the first time that the CBI director will be part of delegation to Pakistan for the bilateral Home Secretary level talks. Home Secretary R K Singh will be meeting his Pakistani counterpart K Siddhique Akbar on May 24-25 with talks focusing to relax visa regime between two countries.CBI liaisons with FIA on various issues. Last year, during the Home Secretary level talks held here, the then FIA Chief Syed Tehsin Anwar Shah had met the CBI director.The agency is also likely to press for over 50 most wanted persons against whom Red Corner Notices have been issued by the Interpol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13400520", "title": "CBSE X, XII Ajmer region results on Thursday, Saturday", "text": "AJMER: The Central Board of Secondary Education ( CBSE) will declare the results of Class X of Ajmer region on May 24 and the result of Class XII is likely to be out on May 26. The Ajmer region comprises Rajasthan, MP, Gujarat and Dadra &amp; Nagar Haveli and about 1,13,737 students appeared in Class X and 86,420 in class XII board exams.The regional officer Pushpa Wadhwa on Tuesday returned from New Delhi for announcing the results, \"We are prepared and the result of Class X will be on Thursday and of Class XII will be on Saturday,\" Wadhwa said.Earlier, Class XII results were to be declared first but now Class X results will come out first. This year, too, Class X exams were optional and students could choose between school level test or the board exam.This year, 1,13,737 students appeared for Class XSimilarly, 86,420 students appeared in Class XII exams at 396 centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "aranmula", "code": "13403008", "title": "Kidangannoor school walks the green talk", "text": "ARANMULA: Banana plantation, herbal garden, rainwater harvesting project, butterfly garden, facility for bird watching, nature club...you name it, and the school has it.The Sree Vijayananda Gurukula Vidyapeedom Higher Secondary School (SVGVHSS) campus at Kidangannoor here is more like a botanical garden than an educational institution. The concerted effort of the students and the teachers here has turned this campus into a green hub.Now the school is reaping the fruits of its green initiative with awards and recognitions pouring in: the latest was the state Bio-diversity Board's award for the best 'Green School.'Recently, the school also bagged the 'Vishishta Haritha Vidyalayam' (Best Green School) award instituted by Mathrubhumi daily.\"Our environment and bio-diversity is under severe threat. If we make the younger generation aware of this, there is a chance of retaining the green canopy we now have. Awareness should start from schools. Keeping this in mind, we encouraged our students to take part in environmental activities,\" said Jyothish Babu, a political science faculty. He was instrumental in forming the nature club, 'Thanal', in the school a decade ago, and it marked the beginning of the environmental activities there.Though the green activities are not part of the curriculum, students actively take part in them. \"Initially, it was just another leisure time activity. But now we know how important nature is for mankind, and we are proud we are doing our bit towards preserving it,\" said Shyam Krishnan, a Plus Two computer science student who is the president of 'Thanal'.The herbal garden in the school, 'Thulaseevanam', has variegated medicinal plants; and in 'Kadaleevanam,' there are banana saplings. Students have also set up a green fence of hibiscus and such other flower plants around the banana plantation.The butterfly garden in the school is a natural habitat for butterflies to live and breed. Students have recorded at least 14 varieties of butterflies in it. The fruit garden has over 50 varieties of fruit trees and plants, ranging from jackfruit to orange. Spices like clove, nutmeg, etc too are being grown here. The eight-acre campus also has as many as 125 gooseberry plants and almost the same number of coconut saplings.In 2009, the school joined the 'Mathrubhumi Seed' project, which bolstered its green run. As part of this, a 'Love Plastic' initiative and a soap production unit was launched in the school. Students are being trained in soap production and the product is distributed among students and teachers.The school organizes 'Harithotsavam', an agriculture interaction programme, every year in liaison with Koipram panchayat. The latest programme the school has implemented is the 'Green Walk' to promote the habit of walking among students. As part of this, students staying within 5-km radius of the school, walk to the school on the first Monday of every month.Now, with the aim of reaching out to masses, the school is looking forward to joining hands with mainstream environmental activists. The school also maintains a blog (svgvseed.blogspot.com) and updates its activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13402632", "title": "Yuva Morcha rally makes Common Entrance Test tougher", "text": "MANGALORE: The Jana Jagruti Samavesha of BJP Yuva Morcha turned out to be a troublesome experience for about 700 students, who appeared for the CET examination at two centres in the city on Tuesday.The examination was held at Government PU College, Balmatta and Milagres PU College, Hampankatta along with other centres as per schedule from 2.40 pm to 3.50 pm and as the timings of the mass rally of the Yuva Morcha coincided with the examination schedule, candidates in the two centres had a tough time in concentrating.The rally commenced from Jyothi Circle, which is close to the Government PU College around 2.30 pm. Yuva Morcha workers started thronging the circle to take part in the rally from 1pm itself. The rally also passed through Hampankatta crossing the Milagres PU College around 3pm.Reshma (name changed), a student wrote examination at Balmatta centre, said that she could not concentrate on the paper because of the noise of slogans and bands.Anil Kumar , another student who appeared for the examination at the Hampankatta centre said that he had to walk for more than one kilometer from Bendoorwell to reach the centre as the police did not allow buses to enter the city.A total of 743 students wrote the test in the two centres. In Dakshina Kannada district, 90 out of 8,299 students, who registered for CET, remained absent for the Physics paper, which was held in the morning, and 94 remained absent for the Chemistry paper.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13403233", "title": "Haryana's demand for separate high court reaches Parliament", "text": "GURGAON: Demanding a separate high court for Haryana, a Member of Parliament has introduced a private bill in Rajya Sabha. The bill will come up for discussion in the ongoing session.In the bill (High Court of Haryana, 2012), the MP has reasoned that under Section 214 of the Constitution, it is compulsory that there should be a separate High Court for each state.\"For long, Haryana has been denied its right to have a separate high court. It's high time that the state now gets its legitimate right which will benefit all the litigants,\" said SL Batra, member of Rajya Sabha from Haryana.The proposed bill states that Haryana was carved out of erstwhile Punjab on a ratio of 40:60 while Chandigarh was made a union territory. \"The legislative assembly seats were also divided on the same pattern. On the similar lines, the Punjab and Haryana high court premises can be separated,\" said Batra.The bill also states that Chandigarh is the most suitable location for the principal seat of the high court of Haryana. Batra suggests that the other benches of the Haryana high court can be established in some other cities to expand reach of the judiciary.The bill states that all the proceedings pertaining to the territorial jurisdiction of Haryana pending in the Punjab and Haryana high court should be transferred to the new high court.Batra has also suggested that the expenditure of salaries and allowances of the judges of the high court of Haryana shall be borne by the state government. After being discussed in Rajya Sabha, the bill will be tabled in Lok Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13409262", "title": "Samsung launches Galaxy Tab 2 310 in India", "text": "Samsung has launched a new addition to its Galaxy Tab range in India. Called Galaxy Tab 2 310, the seven-inch tablet runs on Android 4.0 or Ice Cream Sandwich. Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 310 is priced at Rs 23,250.Unveiled at Mobile World Congress earlier this year, Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 310 weighs 345gm, measures 193.7 x 122.4 x 10.5mm and runs on 1GHz dual core processor. It has 1GB RAM and 16GB internal memory which is expandable upto 32GB. The 7-inch PLS display has 1024 x 600p resolution.The tablet sports a 3MP rear camera and a VGA front camera. On connectivity front it supports, 3G, Wi-Fi and HSPA. The device has 4000mAh unremovable battery.Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 7.0 is sixth Android tablet from the company to be launched in India. The other five Samsung tablets launched in India are Galaxy Tab, Galaxy Tab 750, 730, 680 and 620.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13406689", "title": "Gibb remembered brother Maurice in last words", "text": "Robin Gibb's last words before he passed away after a long battle with colon and liver cancer saw him pay a touching tribute to his late twin brother Maurice, saying he wished \"Mo was here.\"The Bee Gees singer spoke to his family members about Maurice, who died in 2003 after complications during an operation on a twisted intestine, shortly before he passed away from his deathbed.\"I wish Mo was here, I can't believe he is gone,\" the Daily Mail quoted Gibb as saying before he died.His family, including wife, Dwina, daughter Melissa, 37, and sons Spencer, 39, and Robin-John, 29, had been keeping a bedside vigil at a London hospital in recent weeks, and family sources revealed the singer often talked about Maurice during his final few weeks.Gibb's twin brother and bandmate Maurice died from the same bowel condition that initially led doctors to operate on him.But Gibb never acknowledged the fact he might be dying, despite drifting in and out of a coma, and he \"constantly\" spoke of the possibility of touring with his brother Barry.\"We all knew he was seriously unwell, but his strength of character meant he never once mentioned the possibility he might not make it,\" a friend told the Daily Mirror.\"Instead he talked constantly about touring again, working with his brother Barry and about how much he missed Maurice, or Mo as he always called him.\"It was very moving to hear him speak so lovingly of his twin brother - as though he had never quite accepted that he had gone and still felt the same amazing connection between the two of them that they'd always had,\" the friend said.Robin's brother Barry, 65, is said to be heartbroken after hearing the news at his home in Miami, Florida, and he made plans to fly back to London with his 92-year-old mother Barbara to mourn with the family.As well as paying tribute to Maurice, Robin made a dying wish for the Bee Gees classic 1977 hit ' How Deep Is Your Love ' to be the first song played at his funeral, asking Spencer to make it possible.\"It's a beautiful song, penned by a beautiful person. It couldn't be more appropriate when we all say goodbye,\" a close friend told the Sun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402542", "title": "Noida farmhouse scam: Government defers probe", "text": "LUCKNOW: Inquiry into the multi-crore Noida farmhouse allotment scam has been deferred by the Uttar Pradesh government. The delay is a result of the state's decision to enhance the level of inquiry to a higher officer. A new officer under whom the inquiry into the anomalies will continue, however, has not been identified by the state government as yet.Last week, the state government had issued an order to set up an inquiry into the irregularities brought to light in the allotment of farmhouses in Noida. Chairman, Noida, Rakesh Bahadur, was asked to submit a report within seven days. Though the deadline for receiving the report expired on Tuesday, the irregularities will now be investigated by a senior-level government officer.Confirming the development, Infrastructure and Industrial Development Commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta, said: \"The government has not taken a decision in this regard, yet.''According to a preliminary report of the anomalies in Noida that was submitted to the state government, the former Bahujan Samaj Party regime allotted about 150 farmshouses of 10,000 square metre each, to 120 companies and 29 individuals applicants. The companies and individuals in possession of the land holdings have, however, constructed motels, banquet halls and swimming pools on the farm land.Under the original farm house scheme, agricultural land was meant to be acquired for planned industrial development in keeping with Noida's Master Plan for 2021. For this, the state government even pressed into service the controversial emergency clause to ensure the land was acquired quickly and without inviting any objections from the public. In the process, agricultural land was acquired from 12 villages in Noida, including Asadullahpur, where acquisition was cancelled by the Allahabad High Court.Irregularities were not limited to allotment of land; rates were also lowered to benefit individuals and companies, causing the state exchequer a loss of an estimated Rs 150 crore. In addition, the state government also ordered illegal construction on green belts, where construction is not permitted. One of former Chief Minister Mayawati's dream project, the Dalit Prerana Sthal was first constructed on the green belt at a cost of Rs 54.27 crore; subsequently, following orders by the Supreme Court of India, an additional Rs 5.5 crore was spent on demolishing the memorial.Even this, however, was not enough. Apart from widespread financial irregularities in construction works, organised corruption was rampant in the engineering department as well. In some cases, double payments were made to companies and contractors for ensuring that electricity wires were laid underground. Also, poor quality pipes were laid under the Gangajal distribution scheme. Systematic corruption in the way the government functioned was also apparent after the election code of conduct came into force in December 2011. By 'back-dating' official entries, the state government continued to sign as many as 60 bonds amounting to nearly Rs 391 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13407029", "title": "Vamsi Paidipalli Excited about Ram Charan\u2019s \u201cYevadu\u201d", "text": "After working with young tiger Jr. NTR in the successful \"Brindavanam\", director Vamsi Paidipalli is a confident chap, making films with greater conviction. He is now all geared up for his on-going project \"Yevadu\", starring mega power star Ram Charan. With Samantha and Amy Jackson playing the female leads, \"Yevdau\" hit the production floors in February and has successfully completed the first schedule.Speaking on the project, Vamsi Paidipalli said \"The film has shaped up well and takes Ram Charan's acting prowess to the next level. The script is a blend of action and entertainment in the right proportions and the film showcases the actor in a different light\".While the entire state is still raving about the 'Kevvu Keka' song in Gabbar Singh, director Vamsi Paidipalli exudes confidence when he talks about the hot item song he shot some time ago for \"Yevadu\". The director could not stop gushing about the item number and was grateful to music director Devi Sri Prasad for his scintillating tunes. Vamsi wrote on Twitter \"u'll definitely need sumthing to cool u down ones u see the song. thanks DSP (the king of items),\" (sic). So with expectations from the movie rising after \"Racha\", and with stylish star Allu Arjun playing a cameo, \"Yevadu\" is sure to raise the roof.Vakkantam Shiva is the story-writer, while Abburi Ravi has penned the dialogues. \"Yevadu\" is produced by Dil Raju under Sri Venkateswara Creations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13401611", "title": "Biker who argued with cops gets bail", "text": "THANE: The Thane sessions court on Tuesday granted bail to Bilal Shaikh, the Kalyan resident charged with causing grievous injuries to four traffic constables on May 2.Shaikh's plea was approved by judge R D Sawant after his lawyer argued that the charges against him were an afterthought. The Kongaon police slapped Shaikh with Section 333 of the IPC nearly two weeks after the spat with traffic constables after signal jumping.The court was informed that another accused in the same incident, Mohsin Khan , was booked under Section 353 of the IPC. However, the police deliberately charged Shaikh with the harsher, non-bailable offence as he opposed the cops' high-handed behaviour.The traffic constables, led by Kishore Shinde, reportedly assaulted Shaikh, causing dislocation of his right arm.The Kongaon police turned a blind eye to Shaikh's complaint and initially refused to file an FIR against the cops. A complaint was filed following media reports about police brutality, but the offences were non-cognizable in nature.Shaikh was sent to judicial custody by the Bhiwandi court as the charges against him were non-bailable and cognizable. It is expected that Shaikh may walk out of jail on Wednesday after orders are handed to the jail authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13402311", "title": "Below poverty line proof must to get into e-learning school", "text": "PUNE: Parents seeking admission for their wards in the Rajiv Gandhi Academy of e-learning, the only e-learning school run by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), will now have to furnish proof of the yellow ration card or ration card issued to below poverty line (BPL) group families. The decision was taken at the all-party meeting of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) held on Tuesday.The English medium school is based in Sahakarnagar and is a first-of-its-kind school where everything is taught through computers with minimal use of text books. Around 1,500 students are enrolled for classes from junior KG to std X. The school is affiliated to the Central Board of Secondary Education.Arvind Shinde, leader of the Congress party in the PMC, said, \"It was decided that admission in the school should be given to students from low income group families. So a copy of the BPL ration card will have to be attached to the admission form. Forms without copies of the BPL ration card will be considered invalid during the admission process.\"Shinde said that about 400 application forms have been received for 80 seats available in the school and selection of students will be done through a draw of lots.\"Earlier, students living within the 1.5-km radius of the school were given admission. Now, students from low income group families from any part of the city will be able to take admission here,\" said Ashok Yenpure, leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party in the PMC.Built on an area of 70,000 sq ft, the cost of the five-storey building is around Rs 12 crore. The school has 190 computers, 22 teachers who have diploma in education and nine nursery teachers and functions between 8 am and 4 pm from Monday to Friday.There are 31 classrooms and each class is equipped with an LCD screen. Besides, there are three laboratories, four staff rooms, one regular library and one digital library, an auditorium with a capacity to seat 600, canteen and an elevator. Students are provided with three sets of uniform, apart from two sets of sports uniform and shoes. They also get a meal, milk in the morning and breakfast.The PMC school board runs nearly 300 primary schools, most of which are Marathi medium and the remaining offer education in English, Urdu, Kannada and other regional languages. The board also runs 25 secondary schools. As many as 98,000 students study in these schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402777", "title": "Ban on Nirmal Baba's shows: High court seeks reply", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Tuesday sought a reply from the Centre on the PIL seeking ban on broadcast of Nirmaljeet Singh Narula alias Nirmal Baba's programme on different TV channels.The matter will come for next hearing on July 16.A notice was issued by a division bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit after hearing a PIL filed by a local lawyer K Saran, who alleged that the programmes of Nirmal Baba violate the norms laid down in Cable TV Network (Regulation) Act 1995 and Rules.These rules prohibit telecast of any programmes, which amounts to befooling people facing various problems in life through improbable solutions and promotes superstition.Last week on the direction of a local court, Lucknow police registered a case of fraud and cheating against Nirmal Baba. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13402025", "title": "Bakul Dholakia joins advisory group of competition panel", "text": "Ahmedabad: Former director of the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) Dr Bakul Dholakia has been appointed on the advisory group of the Competition Commission of India (CCI).Dholakia, who is director of Gujarat Adani Institute of Medical Sciences (GAIMS) and Adani Institute of Infrastructure Management (AIIM), will serve as a member of the Eminent Persons Advisory Group (EPAG). EPAG has been formed by to serve as a group of 'wisepersons' to give broad inputs and advice on larger issues impacting markets and competition, good international practices, improved advocacy etc. EPAG will give inputs to CCI through interactions and meetings three times in a year.The first meeting of the group is likely to take place in the first week of July 2012.Infosys co-founder N R Narayana Murthy, former comptroller and auditor general of India V N Kaul, National Transport Development Policy Committee chairman Rakesh Mohan, entrepreneur Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, economist S L Rao, former director of National Law School of India N L Mitra and philanthropist Rohini Nilekani are the other members of the EPAG.An alumnus of the MS University Baroda, Dholakia has a doctorate in Econometrics and has been a professor of economics at MS University, Baroda and IIM-A. Dholakia was awarded Padma Shri for literature and education in 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13403581", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation's takes on another 'weighty' issue", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation's education department will focus on the weight of school bags in the forthcoming academic year and will monitor all schools within its jurisdiction. Special squads will also be formed for this purpose.In order to ensure that the weight of school bags does not exceed the prescribed limit, the education department will be keeping a check on the same in the forthcoming academic year. For this, the department will form a squad of five officials, including two female teachers, two male teachers and a centre head. Twenty four such squads will be formed in the 24 centre heads.\"The squad will be visiting English medium schools because this problem is prevalent in such schools. They will check the bags of a few students from each class. According to the government norms, school bags should have only text books, notebooks and writing material. The squad will check for these and also the weight of the bags. In case of discrepancies, the school will be warned at first. If the school does not abide by the rules even after the warning, a notice will be issued to the school and strict action will be taken,\" said education officer Nitin Upasani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13409516", "title": "Talwars saw Aarushi, Hemraj in compromising position, killed them: CBI", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The CBI on Wednesday told a special court here that Rajesh and Nupur Talwar killed their daughter Aarushi and domestic help Hemraj in a fit of rage after finding them in a compromising position, a claim strongly refuted by the dentist couple.Talwars contested CBI's claim, saying that sex is no big deal in elite society and does not entail murders.Resuming its argument on framing of charges in the May 2008 twin murder case, CBI counsel R K Saini told special judge Shyam Lal that on the fateful day Talwars had returned home late in the evening and not finding Aarushi and Hemraj in the living room went to their daughter's room.Saini said the room was locked from inside but Talwars opened it from outside with another key and found their daughter and Hemraj in a compromising position and got infuriated.An angry Talwar picked up a golf stick and repeatedly hit Hemraj and his daughter with it, Saini said.As the two fell unconscious, Talwars slit their throat with a surgical blade, a work done with the precision expected of experts like them, he said.Nupur, however, personally, dismissed the charge saying that they belong to elite class of society where one does not kill anyone for indulging in such sexual acts.She added that they dearly loved their daughter and there was no question of killing her even after finding her in a compromising position as the matter could have been resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13406373", "title": "I feel more responsible towards the show now: Nikhil Sinha", "text": "Nikhil Sinha's mythological show Devon Ke Dev Mahadev has touched the TRP 2.3 and understandably the maker himself is very happy and proud about this.\"Looking back I must admit that I felt Mahadev always had the merit of doing well. I am happy that now the show getting its deserving numbers and slowly it will also reach on the top.\" Sinha also feel the positive approach of the cast helps motivate everyone to do well. During the season of IPL also Mahadev managed to get this number so what exactly worked for the show? \"Definitely the human aspects of the character of Mahadev. Prior to this no shows have depicted the emotional side of Shiv. Audience are curious to know about Mahadev's personal life apart from his deity avtaar.\" Nikhil concludes with the assurance that Mahadev has many more interesting phases to come.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13401087", "title": "Bangalore team coordinator questioned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid allegations by US national Zohal Hamid that she was approached and threatened by IPL team members, Delhi Police officials on Tuesday said they might question Bangalore IPL team coach Ray Jennings as well. Zohal had told TOI that a man, who claimed he was the coach of the team, along with four or five \"big white men\" had stood outside her hotel room after the incident and sought to speak to her. He had waited outside the room when she declined to speak to him.\"One of the men, who presented himself as coach of the team, said he wanted to speak to me; I was already in shock because Sahil was in hospital and some guys from the IPL team had already asked me at the hospital to withdraw the case. I felt in danger, so rushed inside the room and made sure no one could come in. Later, when I was leaving the room, the men were still waiting outside and would not leave,\" recounted Zohal.Claiming that she could recognize these men and that the man who had presented himself as the coach had \"white or sharp blonde hair\", she said she had immediately informed police. \"I told them to check the CCTV footage for 10am to 11.20am outside the room because they (the men) kept standing there,\" said Zohal.Delhi Police officials said they were viewing the footage and would question the men. \"We have taken her statement regarding the allegation of intimidation and will question these men,\" said a senior police officer.Delhi Police officials have also questioned Bangalore IPL team coordinator Avinash Vaidya, whose name had cropped up when Zohal claimed he, along with other IPL team members, had approached her in Primus Hospital on the first morning. She had said Vaidya approached her, and when she declined to speak, left his number with her friend. However, other IPL team members had followed her around the hospital, asking her to drop the case, she had alleged.Vaidya has reportedly told police that he went to the hospital with other team members as they had heard that someone had got hurt in a fight, and had not threatened Zohal in any way.Police officials said they would add section 506 of IPC (punishment for criminal intimidation) only after investigation. \"We have not added any sections yet, but are investigating the victim's allegations first. Some evidence is required to support her statement before we can include the section. Depending on the investigation, it would be determined whether it is a cognizable or non-cognizable offence,\" said a senior police officer.Police said although they had not recorded the statement of Sahil's friend Miraz so far, he might become the principal witness for the case. \"He was in the room when the incident took place, while the other witness had gone to the bathroom. Miraz also brought the victim back to the room after she initially ran outside to call the hotel security. We expect him to give us a statement on Wednesday,\" said the officer.The Bangalore team did not respond to TOI's questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13403069", "title": "5 flyovers save time, reduce chaos", "text": "Among the city's 50-odd flyovers , there are five that motorists and experts endorse and officials take pride in. These roadways have reduced travel time for Mumbaikars by a minimum of 10 to 15 minutes, with the boon extending to upto 35 to 50 minutes depending on the time of day. While this has saved motorists and commuters time as well as fuel, transport experts say more needs to be done. For instance, lane coordination between the flyovers and roads below can be improved.The decade-old JJ flyover, the recently built Lalbaug flyover and the much older Amar Mahal bridge at Chembur junction on Eastern Express Highway (EEH) have made a long-lasting impact on traffic plying the eastern corridor. \"The flyovers have saved fuel, time and energy for car and bike users,\" said traffic analyst Sudhir Patil. He said each of these flyovers have helped motorists avoid two to four major traffic signals . Similarly, the flyovers at the Santa Cruz airport junction and Malad junction on Western Express Highway (WEH) have proved successful as they are the junctions that see the most traffic on the highway and from internal roads, said transport activist Ajit Shenoy.\"For me, the Lalbaug, King's Circle and Suman Nagar flyovers have made a lot of difference,\" said Abhijit Kolwadkar, bank executive and Thane resident. \"Earlier, due to heavy congestion on the Eastern Express Highway and Ambedkar Road, we Fortbound colleagues would go from Sion to the Bandra-Worli sea link, then to Haji Ali and Mumbai Central before reaching Khada Parsi at Byculla. With the Lalbaug and other flyovers, we cross congested junctions easily and reach Khada Parsi straight.\"Not only do these five flyovers cut travel time, they have also decongested traffic and reduced travel times on the roads beneath them, like the EEH and WEH. \"These five flyovers have worked well because they match traffic needs. Since at these flyovers the volume of traffic on the roads below is equally huge, the benefit has increased. The Santa Cruz, Malad and Amar Mahal flyovers have separated criss-crossing and straightmoving traffic,\" said Shenoy. \"The Lalbaug and JJ flyovers are successful because they help traffic that moves straight. They go over about four signals each, thus saving a total of around 50 minutes of traffic time during peak hours,\" said Patil.Patil said the Santa Cruz airport junction flyover is successful because it made the right turn easy for a huge number of vehicles moving to and from the airport and Vile Parle station. \"I think if more space below the flyover, which is presently occupied by gardens or parking spaces, is made available to right-turning traffic, the dispersal below the flyover would further improve ,\" he added.At JJ, analysts said better traffic management is needed at the Haj House end. At Lalbaug, they suggested widening the road towards the Byculla end. At the Santa Cruz, Malad and other flyovers, transport expert Ashok Datar said the space below the flyover must be used for right-turning traffic so that straight-moving traffic benefits.Bridges To Speedier TravelA look at roadways that have shortened our daily commuteMalad JunctionOperational since | 2009Route |Over Malad junction, along Western Express HighwayCost |Rs 34 crBuilt &amp; maintained |By MSRDCBenefit |It has eased traffic movement over and through the congested Malad junction. Motorists and commuters now save 10 to 20 minutes, which they earlier lost due to heavy traffic jams during peak hours. Experts and commuters demand road widening below the junction for better traffic managementLANES | 6 LENGTH | 450mJJ FlyoverOperational since |2001Route |Between CST and J J hospital over Mohammed Ali RoadCost |Around 72 crBuilt &amp; maintained |By MSRDCBenefit |The flyover has saved nearly 20 minutes of time for north- as well as south-bound traffic over one of the city's busiest roads, Mohammed Ali Road. Experts suggest there should be better traffic management towards the Haj House end to avoid frequent snarls during peak hours. Since bikers have been banned on the flyover , accidents have reducedLANES | 4 (2 in each direction) LENGTH | 2.3mAirport Junction(Santa Cruz)Operational since |2008Route |Over Santa Cruz airport-Vile Parle junction, along Western Express HighwayCost |Around Rs 37 crBuilt &amp; maintained| MSRDCBenefit |It has eased movement of traffic going towards the airport and north-south on WEH. This was earlier one of Mumbai's most congested junctions, eating into people's travel time. The flyover has saved nearly 15 minutes of travel time. Experts ask for traffic management below the flyover as long queues of vehicles sometimes affect traffic on the flyoverLANES | 4 LENGTH | 700mAmar MahalOperational since |1995Route |Over Chembur junction, along Eastern Express HighwayCost |Around 10 crBuilt &amp; maintained |PWDBenefit |It has decongested Chembur junction on Eastern Express Highway, which used to be one of the worst spots on the highway. The flyover has saved 10 to 20 minutes of travel time. Experts demand better maintenance as the stretch suffers from potholes and uneven patches during the rains due to vehiclesLANES | 6 LENGTH | 500mLalbaugOperational since |2011Route |Between Jijamata Udyan (Byculla Zoo) and ITC Grand Central, Parel, over Dr Ambedkar RoadCost |Around 180 crBuilt &amp; maintained |MMRDABenefit |It has saved around 15 to 20 minutes of travel time for traffic going over Dr Ambedkar Road, especially over the congested Lalbaug and Parel stretches. Experts demand road widening towards the Byculla end of the Lalbaug flyover and construction of a new flyover in place of the old Byculla ( Gloria Church) flyover . The new flyover should run up to Lalbaug flyover's J J hospital end to ensure faster movementLANES | 4 LENGTH | 2.6m", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13401453", "title": "Margao site inspections reveal indiscrepancies", "text": "MARGAO: Following site inspections of around 11 construction projects in Margao, the South Goa Planning and Development Authority (SGPDA) on Tuesday issued stop work orders to three projects and show-cause notices to several others.SGPDA chairman Subhash Rajan Naik, member secretary Rajesh Naik, chairperson of the Margao Municipal Council ( MMC) Arthur D'Silva were present along with the technical team of the body.Sources said that the inspection revealed glaring irregularities in most of the projects -while some had failed to obtain approvals from concerned authorities like the water resources department, etc, others had violated the conditions of the construction licences. The site inspection follows repeated complaints by the public and citizens groups with the SGPDA pointing out the illegalities in these projects.Navelim civic and consumer forum (NCCF) had pointed out to the SGPDA the existence of three fresh water springs at the site of the commercial project coming up behind the power house at Aquem.\"It is seen that the area is flooded with water and in spite of (deploying) two water pumps, the water cannot be drained out. We are worried that with the building coming up at the site, the water table in the area will be disturbed and also the safety of the building will be at risk. This will lead to drying up of the water table and the surrounding water bodies including wells,\" the NCCF had said in the complaint to the SGPDA.Speaking to TOI after the inspection, Rajan Naik said that the SGPDA will deal all violations by the builders with an iron hand. \"We won't tolerate any i llegalities in the construction projects. We will ensure that the builders adhere to the laws in force,\" Naik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402731", "title": "Akhilesh's 'Janta Darshan' to resume after assembly session", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav's 'Janta Darshan' programme, organised on every first and third Wednesday at his official residence, stands postponed due to his busy schedule during the assembly session. The programme will resume after the assembly and legislative council sessions.Govt appoints 1,476 medical officers: In order to provide better medical services in the state, the government appointed 1,476 medical officers in the state. Speaking at a programme held on Tuesday, minister for medical and health Ahmad Hasan has exhorted the newly appointed medical officers to serve poor patients with honesty and dedication. The minister told these doctors to prescribe medicines from the hospitals only because there is no shortage of medicines in government hospitals and there is sufficient budget for purchasing all kinds of medicines.Ceremonial parade held: A ceremonial parade was held in Officers Training College (OTC) of Army Medical Corps (AMC) Centre and College at the conclusion of Medical Officers Basic Course here. The nine-week foundation course imparts intensive combat medical support training to young medical officers in order to empower them for effectively performing their duties in field and operational military areas. As many as 105 medical and dental officers of Army, Navy and Air Force and Assam Rifle officers participated in an impressive ceremonial parade which was reviewed by Lt Gen Gautam Ravindranath, Director General Medical Services (Army) and Colonel Commandant of AMC . Capt Anchit Singh was awarded the 'Lt Gen FN Bilimoria Trophy' for being the best all round officer of the course and also the Maj L Jyotin Singh, Ashok Chakra Memorial Trophy for being the 'Best officers in academics'.Training programme: A five-day mediation training programme organised by the State Legal Services Authority, UP, Lucknow was inaugurated at the Institute of Judicial Training and Research, UP on Tuesday. Inaugurating the programme, Justice Amitava Lala, senior judge, Allahabad High Court said that the lawyers and judicial officers both are necessary parties in rendering justice. He said that justice is rendered with equity because minus law equity is nothing and without equity law is nothing. He said that mediation an alternative dispute resolving method which helps in minimising the pendency of cases in the courts. He advised the participants that they should involve themselves during this training programme to become master trainers and dispense their obligations effectively, so as to protect the faith of common in the judicial system.SSB organises medical camp : Sashastra Seema Bal organised a free medical camp at Jabroli village under Mohanlalganj tehsil on Tuesday. A photo exhibition depicting various developmental activities undertaken by SSB was also held on the occasion. Over 500 patients were given treatment by SSB doctors and medicines distributed to them. A veterinary camp was also held in which veterinary doctors examined more than 700 animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13402592", "title": "No power supply today, tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: There will be no power supply to the following areas in and around the city from 9am to 4pm on May 23: Derebail, Bajpe, Panjimogaru, Kavoor, Gandhi Nagar, Mullakadu, Kunjathbail, Land Links, Konchady, Marakada, Kottara Chowki, Urwa Stores, Lady Hill, Chilimbi, Bejai, Kapikad, KSRTC main bus station, Ballalbagh, Kodialguthu, Bejai New Road, Bejai, Annegundi, Kuloor, Kuntikana, Akash Bhavan, Jyothi Nagar, Bajpe Airport, and adjoining areas.On May 24, there will be no power supply to Surathkal, Kana, Tadambail, Kuthethoor, Chelairu, Mukka, Sasihithlu, Mulki, Kinnigoli, Haleyangadi, Kateel, Karnad industrial area, HPCL, BPCL, Bharath Barrel, Ruchi Soya, Rajashree and adjoining areas from 10am to 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13402751", "title": "Congress to contest on all seats in civic polls", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress on Tuesday announced to contest on all the seats of the forthcoming urban local body elections in Uttar Pradesh on its party symbol. Committees would be constituted to select candidates for the polls, said chairman of the party disciplinary committee Ram Krishna Dwiwedi and media coordinator Siraj Mehndi in a joint press conference.They said that mayoral candidates would be announced by state-level committee comprising UPCC president, leader of Congress legislator party and national secretary. Mehndi said that 'appeal committees' would also be constituted at various levels, so that if any candidate is not satisfied he or she could appeal within three days. Final decision would be taken by the appeal committee of UPPCC, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13401854", "title": "Dalits allege social boycott, quit Haryana village", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Around 70 dalit families of a Haryana village have left their homes and are camping outside the Hisar district administration headquarters to protest discrimination by upper-caste villagers. Dalits of Bhagana village allege they are facing social boycott.Police have been deployed in the village to avert a flare-up. The dalit protest is also receiving support from members of other backward communities.When a low-caste farmer was stopped from entering a village pond by upper-caste men, the dalits bolted their houses and marched to the district headquarters the next day. \"On Monday, we decided to finally leave. We have suffered enough,\" said Satish Kumar, who is leading the protests. He alleged dalits are being ostracized for the last three months.On Tuesday, a delegation of upper-caste villagers met the deputy commissioner, Amit Aggarwal, and denied imposing a boycott on dalits. \"A few people are trying to create a rift,\" said village sarpanch Rakesh Kumar.Sparks were first lit in 2011 when dalits demanded free residential plots of 100 square yards under Mahatma Gandhi Gramin Basti Yojana. This was strongly opposed by upper-caste villagers even though 220 acres of shamlat (community) land lay vacant. \"Upper caste men distributed this land among themselves. Now, they are forcing us to withdraw a complaint against encroachment of land,\" said Balraj Satrodia, district president of Bahujan Samaj Party .Deputy commissioner Amit Aggarwal said a probe has been ordered. \"It's not a case of atrocities on dalits, but a dispute between two groups,\" Aggarwal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-23"}
