{"city": "None", "code": "15581795", "title": "Jana Gana Mana title not for NTR\u2019s film", "text": "Director Harish Shankar has ruled out all the speculations about the title of his next film, starring young tiger Jr. NTR. Ever since star producer Dil Raju has registered a title 'Jana Gana Mana' at Film Chamber of Commerce, its been buzzed that it would be the title for NTR-Harish Shankar's movie, to be produced by Dil Raju.However, putting all speculations to rest, Harish said that 'Jana Gana Mana' is not the title for NTR's film. Also, sources close to the producer say that Dil Raju has registered the title for another film and not for NTR. It was also rumored that MLA (Manchi Lakshanallunna Abbayi) is the title being considered by the makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578135", "title": "Cherunelli estate is agricultural land, says chief whip", "text": "KOCHI: The Cherunelli estate in Nelliyampathy is agricultural land and not forest land. This is clearly mentioned in the documents available with Survey of India, claimed government chief whip P C George. While addressing a press conference here on Monday, George said that he welcomed forest minister K B Ganesh Kumar's suggestion that CBI probe was needed into the Nelliyampathy estate issue.\"Several officials in the forest department, politicians and film actors are receiving money from Tamil Nadu government and are trying to portray the land in Nelliyampathy as forest land. The MLAs who have visited the estate to conduct a separate study should also come forward against the paddy field reclamations in their constituencies,\" George said. The chief whip said that the UDF MLAs were turning a blind eye to the constructions being done on reclaimed paddy fields in Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Ernakulam and Thrissur. If these MLAs are raising their voice against the encroachments in Munnar, Chengara and Wayanad, the movement will get support, he said. George added that the officials were forcefully evicting the farmers in Nelliyampathy and that he had received about 100 complaints from farmers and 60 complaints from several workers.\"It is anticipated that the government will consider these complaints while they are discussing the report submitted by the MLAs,\" he said.TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584401", "title": "Security agencies hit by exodus", "text": "GUWAHATI:Employers of northeast natives in other cities are facing the brunt of their exodus, which is being termed as reverse migration. Most of those who have fled are petty labourers, security guards, waiters and peons, of which guards are in majority.Security agencies are facing a crisis as they have to recruit new guards. \"Of our 300 guards, 30-40 have left. It has affected our operation. We paid them last month's salary and and even offered them accommodation but they refused,\" said Satyanarayan, an official of Lion Security Service in Bangalore.Rafique Ahmed, the VP of Unique Detective Service of Bangalore, said, \"Out of 300 employees from the NE, about half have left. We will wait for them but if they decide not to return, we have no other option but to recruit new people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579100", "title": "Eid rush results in scuffle at Ahmedabad mall", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There was a minor scuffle reported from Himalaya Mall on Drive-in Road on Monday, following tremendous rush of people in the wake of Eid-ul-Fitra and the end of Ramzan month.The mall authority had to call up cops who brought the situation under control. Barring this incident, the festival period went off peacefully for the city cops. The city police had deployed extra staff at various walled city areas for maintenance of law and order and traffic management.\"The citizens thronged the mall especially to catch movies, have meals and also to shop in the festive season. There were thus some security concerns. Moreover, there were reports that some teenagers came to blows over minor issues. Our team thus visited the mall three times in two hours to maintain peace,\" said an official of Vastrapur police station. However no complaint was filed in the incident.Due to terror threat, the security was already heightened. \"We deployed the personnel at strategic locations and also kept an eye on the large gatherings in the city so as to prevent any untoward incident,\" said a senior city police official.Popular public hangouts such as Kankaria lakefront, Sabarmati Riverfront, Vastrapur lake and SG Highway were teeming with people who were out to celebrate. \"We had some minor traffic snarls during peak hours especially in walled city areas, Kalupur and SG Highway. We diverted the vehicles where necessary and kept the flow going,\" said a traffic branch official.Areas such as Kalupur, Juhapura and Teen Darwaja saw evening rush as citizens thronged the eateries. \"It was overall a peaceful day and no major incident was reported,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15578721", "title": "Disabled woman alleges gangrape", "text": "HOWRAH: A 30-year-old mentally challenged woman was allegedly lured from home on the promise of marriage, gangraped and dumped on Kona Expressway near Garfa bridge in Howrah on Saturday night.A patrol van from Jagachha police station found the victim around 10pm, weeping beside the road. She was taken to a rescue centre in Domjur. A brief probe revealed she was an Ultadanga resident. The girl's mother lodged a complaint of sexual assault on Sunday night. The medical report is awaited, but examiners found scratch marks on her legs. \"Two known persons took me on a car ride on Saturday night. After reaching a desolate place, I was sexually assaulted despite putting up a resistance,\" the victim told the police in her statement.She also mentioned one \"Bapi-da\", who the police are now trying to track down. Sources said the girl's mother had mentioned some neighbours as the prime suspects, claiming they had made false promises of marriage to her daughter and raped her. DC (headquarter) Nishat Parvez said, \"We have started a search to identify the man in Ultadanga. Based on the complaint made by her mother, we have registered a rape case.\"Howrah district hospital superintendent Subhrangshu Chakraborty said, \"Police inquired if the girl was sexually assaulted. We have already conducted a medical test and she has been admitted at the maternity ward. A swab test will be carried out. We have collected the specimen. We found scratch marks on her legs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578744", "title": "Cops go soft on rogue driver", "text": "KOLKATA: It took Kolkata Police four days to act on a complaint and track down the rogue auto driver who ignored a desperate mother's pleas and dragged a four-year-old girl down the road for 30 metre near Sinthee last Thursday.However, cops have slapped lenient and bailable charges (rash driving and causing grievous injury) on Sanjoy Das, the accused. Das is likely to walk free on Tuesday when he will be produced in court. DC (Traffic I) Dilip Kumar Adak said sections had been framed according to the complaint, but the charges will be amended in the future if need arises.It may be noted that parents of the victim did not seek any harsh punishment for Das though his inhuman act caused grievous injuries to their child. \"We really hope the accident will act as a wake-up call and auto drivers will go about their business in a more human and considerate manner,\" said Sarmistha Ghoshal mother of the girl. Transport minister Madan Mitra, who visited the victim's home on Monday, failed to elicit the slightest remorse from brazen auto unions and left the place with promises of acting tough against errant auto drivers.After her school got over on Thursday, four-year-old Adrika boarded an auto near Kuthighat and clambered on to her mother's lap, who was seated on the extreme left in the rear. The auto picked up speed immediately and somewhere near Cutter Polar stoppage, it veered sharply to the right and then left to avoid a raised manhole, flinging Adrika out of the vehicle. A horrified Sarmistha held on to Adrika's arm for some time, pleading with the auto driver to stop. But the 26-year-old drove on, not even bothering to check out what had happened on the backseat.As Sarmistha clutched on to Adrika's arm, her abdomen and feet scraped the rough road for about 30 metre. And then, the grip suddenly slipped and Adrika crashed on the road. Still the driver did not stop. It was only when the auto slowed near Sachhasipara that Sarmistha managed to jump off and ran back to Adrika, who was writhing in pain with deep abrasions on the forehead, nose and mouth. Both legs were badly bruised as well. Later, the right leg was diagnosed with fracture. She also suffered abdominal injuries.\"A little girl was dragged along like a piece of rag but everyone inside sat still. It was bizarre, as though I was having a nightmare while all was well with the world,\" Sarmistha shuddered recounting those couple of minutes. \"Every time I shut my eyes, the incident plays over again. I was so close to losing my child,\" Sarmistha managed to blurt out before breaking into sobs.She was rushed to a local nursing home and then to RG Kar Medical College and Hospital. The Ghoshals then admitted her to another private nursing home for better care. On Friday, the parents lodged a complaint at Cossipore police station. At the nursing home, they even encountered four-five youths, reportedly members of the auto union, who requested Ghoshals to withdraw the complaint as the driver was \"a novice\" and was driving on the route for just three months. \"The men did not threaten. But they did not express regret either,\" said Anit, Adrika's father.During his visit to the Ghosals' residence on Monday, Madan Mitra acknowledged rash driving by a section of drivers and even admitted that over-loading has become a real threat. Though he initially expressed the inability to crackdown on the rouge autos, pointing out that it would lead to chaos as lakhs of commuters would get stranded if autos stopped plying, later in the evening he spoke tough.\"We will stringently regulate the situation and crack down on errant auto, taxi and bus drivers. We have been watching the situation for quite a while and our patience is nearing the edge. On this auspicious day of Eid, I am urging everyone to follow rules. I will repeat this at the meeting with unions on Tuesday,\" he said.Before taking leave, Mitra offered Adrika chocolates, but that was not enough to lift the spirit of the traumatized girl. According to Sarmistha, the accident has shaken Adrika so much that she now refuses to step out of the home and go to school. Plastered waist down and bruised all over her face, she now lies in bed, evading the eyes of strangers who dropped by all day to enquire how she was doing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15583891", "title": "NDBA to send show cause notice to players who 'ignore' district team", "text": "LATUR: Vaibhav Bisne's stunning win over multiple district champion Jayendra Dhole and Swatika Butey shocking current India junior player Rasika Raje were two of the most sensational news of the Nagpur district badminton season this year.But more shocking news follows. Both these highly talented players, who should have been an automatic choices while selecting the Nagpur squad, opted not to play for their district team.Not only Bisne and Butey there are three others who prefer to ignore their district team. Nikhil Sakhare and Sameet Dandawate too decided to give cold shoulder to the Nagpur District Badminton Association (NDBA) officials. Another player, Manan Goenka, first said no and then said yes but by that time the NDBA officials had already selected the team.Surprisingly, Sakhare and Goenka have already sent their entries for the individual events but decided not to turn up for the Nagpur team for the inter-district championship. Individual events will start after the team championship.All these developments have made the NDBA officials quite furious and they have decided to send show cause notice to all the players who snubbed the district team. They are also thinking about banning the 'culprits'.\"This is not done. We conduct various district tournaments to give local players chance to display their talent. They all play with enthusiasm in these tournaments but sadly while representing the district team, they turn their back. As a result, we have not been able to send our best teams to Latur,\" fumed NDBA secretary Mangesh Kashikar while speaking to TOI on Monday.The NDBA officials made several requests to all these five players but they refused to budge.\"They said they have school and college to attend. I am not going to believe this. I will personally check with the school/college authorities about it. Which school/college will discourage their student to be a part of the district team for the prestigious Senior State tournament. I am going to send all these players show cause notice soon. If we found the reply not satisfactory, we will ban them for three years,\" said Kashikar.Kashikar, SSK Naidu and Vishal Naik were the three-man selection committee of the NDBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576726", "title": "Novel filter plant to be set up at Shaikpet", "text": "HYDERABAD: An ozonisation plant will be set up on trial basis at the Shaikpet filter bed to treat water for drinking purpose.The Water Board has planned to do away with the traditional chlorination process and supply water after ozonisation. \"Initially, we will set up an ozonisation plant at the Shaikpet filter bed on trial basis,\" HMWS&SB; chief general manager (transmission) V Visweswaraiah told TOI.A team from Praxair, a Spanish firm, had visited the Water Board office five months ago and made a presentation on the ozonisation process. It had also collected water samples from the Osmansagar and the Himayatsagar reservoirs and tested them to find whether the water was suitable for ozonisation process. Since the team got positive results, the Water Board decided to take up the process, he added. A few days ago, the Spanish firm had also sent a proposal to set up an ozonisation plant on trial basis at the Shaikpet filter bed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15576925", "title": "Stir for new Vizag port set to intensify", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Opposition parties have decided to intensify their agitation against the Indian Navy and the government over their refusal to allow the setting up of a shipyard-based major port in Visakhapatnam district's Nakkapalli mandal.At a round table meeting on Monday, leaders from opposition parties demanded that the government obtain the necessary clearances from Indian Navy to set up the proposed port. The Telugu Desam Party (TDP), which boycotted the meeting, said that Congress leaders, including investments and infrastructure minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao, should resign their posts in order to put pressure on the Centre to allot the port to the district.All four TDP MLAs from the district are ready to quit their posts were the ruling party MLAs and MPs to tender their resignations in support of the port, said TDP MLA Velagapudi Ramakrishna Babu. It has been alleged that Ganta and central minister Daggubati Purandeswari were planning to shift the port from Vizag to Prakasam district as it was Ganta's native place. Also, Purandeswari's husband Venkateshwar Rao is an MLA from Prakasam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "i am looking for a digital video camera, with powerful zoom, within 45,000. i have shortlisted two models", "code": "15585068", "title": "Suggest a digital video camera within Rs 45,000", "text": "I am looking for a digital video camera, with powerful zoom, within 45,000. I have shortlisted two models: Sony HDR-PJ 260 and Sony HDR-XR 260. Please suggest any other models. Now that DSLRs are also capable of recording video, do I need a camcorder at all?-Pradeep ChandraIt's simple. If you want good videos, you need a camcorder since it's optimized for that purpose with better zoom and audio capture; if you want good photos, go in for a DSLR. The two models that you have shortlisted are almost identical in all aspects, including FullHD 1080p video capability, 30x optical zoom, 8.9-megapixel (max) still photo resolution, image stabilization, Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound and built-in GPS. The HDR-PJ 260, however, comes with a built-in projector that lets you watch the movies that you have shot on any flat, clean, project-able surface. On the other hand, the XR260 boasts of 160GB hard disk storage - the PJ260 has 16GB flash-based memory - and with both devices you can use expandable memory in the form of Sony's Memory Stick and SD/SDHC Memory Card. On 16GB, you can record a little over an hour in FullHD format, so if you intend on shooting longer videos, you had better stock up on more expandable memory or go in for a camcorder with greater storage (the XR260, in this case). Now we could have suggested a few other devices, but there's not much difference in features when it comes to other camcorders in this price range. The HDR-PJ 260 retails at 39,990, while the HDR-XR 260 costs 44,990 - so they're well within budget. Incidentally, Sony also has the HDR-PJ 50E, costing 39,990 that comes with a projector as well as 220GB hard drive storage. The downside? It has just 12x optical zoom. Since you've asked us, we'd recommend the HDR-PJ 260. Not only is it cheaper, but a built-in projector can be great fun during parties and on holiday trips.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578167", "title": "Senior citizen panics, car knocks down Khar hawker", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior citizen, Chandnani (89), reportedly panicked when crackers were lit near his car, and knocked down a hawker at 9 pm on Sunday at Old Khar, Kharie village.Activist Aftab Siddiqui claimed he later bumped into a few more hawkers and nine were admitted to Bhabha hospital but were soon discharged.Residents, who are fighting illegal hawkers in the area for long, claimed such accidents were due to encroachments and pedestrians were at high risk of losing their lives or getting injured.The police have not registered any complaint and no arrests were made. A police official stated that only one person was involved in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "siliguri", "code": "15578842", "title": "Assam team visits train attack victims", "text": "SILIGURI: An Assam government team on Monday visited train passengers who had been attacked and robbed by a group of miscreants near New Jalpaiguri on Saturday night.North Bengal Medical College and Hospital doctors said nine passengers were admitted on Sunday night. Three were shifted to a private clinic. \"One underwent surgery. His condition is serious,\" said a doctor. Doctors said most of the injured had facial and head wounds after falling on the railway track.Assam Pollution Control Board chairman R M Dubey, a member of the team, said: \"We spoke to the injured. Five of them are stable. We are in touch with their families and will take them to their relatives soon.\"Saturday night's attack had injured 13 passengers and four had succumbed to injuries.Security was beefed up on all trains following the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579244", "title": "Govt to appoint 'Pashu Mitras'", "text": "PATNA: With a view to provide veterinary assistance to farmers and cattle rearers at their doorsteps, Bihar government has decided to appoint 'Pashu Mitras (friends of animals)' on contractual basis.The 'Pashu Mitras' main duties would be proper implementation and monitoring of animal husbandry-related schemes at village level, including timely vaccination of cattle and artificial insemination, and dissemination of information related to cattle health among farmers and cattle rearers.\"As per the current arrangement, one 'Pashu Mitra' will be appointed for every two gram panchayats. A total of 4,259 'Pashu Mitras' will be appointed during the current financial year 2012-13. In the coming years, more appointments will be made to ensure that each gram panchayat has at least one 'Pashu Mitra',\" Bihar animal and fisheries resources minister Giriraj Singh told TOI on Monday.\"It's a totally new concept. You can say it is Bihar model. No other state has so far even thought of reaching veterinary assistance at the farmers' doorsteps in such a way,\" the minister said and added that the process for selection of 'Pashu Mitras' has already begun.Besides ensuring proper implementation of the animal husbandry-related schemes, the 'Pashu Mitras' would also do widespread publicity and promotion of departmental schemes. They would get a fixed remuneration of Rs 5,000 per month, Singh stated.Sources said the state cabinet, at its meeting held on August 17, sanctioned a sum of Rs 10.64 crore for payment of remuneration of 'Pashu Mitras' for five months and also permitted expenditure of Rs 8.40 crore (out of Rs 10.64 crore) in the coming months.Replying to a query, the minister said as per the recommendations of the Farmers Commission, the state should have one veterinary hospital for every 5,000 animals. \"But currently in Bihar, we have one veterinary hospital for 22,000 animals. To reduce the huge gap, we are going to open 300 new veterinary hospitals in the state in coming years. This will bring down the animal-hospital ratio to 18,000 animals per hospital,\" he said.Singh added his department had also planned to bring down the animal-hospital ratio further to 14,000 animals per hospital by opening more veterinary subdivisional hospitals, health centres and clinics by 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579854", "title": "Man assaulted at Wadarwadi", "text": "PUNE: A 30-year-old man was assaulted with sharp weapons at Wadarwadi on Sunday night.The Chatushrungi police have booked two criminals on police record - Jitendra Jangam and Nagesh alias Tamma Kusalkar - for the assault on Ramu Sadashiv Shirring of Wadarwadi. The suspects are untraceable since the incident.Assistant police inspector N B Devkare told TOI that around five months ago, Jangam had beat up Ramu and his brother Gulab. Ramu had lodged a complaint against Jangam, who was later arrested. Angered by this, Jangam and Kusalkar attacked Ramu with sharp weapons on Sunday and fled from the spot. \"We have launched an operation to trace the duo,\" Devkare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577725", "title": "Two minor raped in separate incidents", "text": "JAIPUR: Two minor girls were raped in separate incidents in Kanota and Sadar areas in the city on Monday.According to the police, a 10-year-old girl, living in a tent on the roadside with her parents was taken away while she was asleep and then gangraped in Kanota police station area on Monday. \"The incident took place at Jamdoli Keshav Vidhyapeeth locality. Two youths, who have been identified by the girl's parents as Kailash Ram and Baldev Kumar, are suspected to be involved in the crime,\" said a police officer.The officer said that the duo worked at a juice shop in the area. \"The shop is situated near the tent house belonging to the girl's family,\" said the officer.As per an FIR lodged with Kanota police station, the duo took away the girl in the wee hours when she and her parents were sleeping in the tent.\"They raped her in a nearby shop and fled. Meanwhile, the girl's parents had woken up and were searching her frantically. They spotted the girl crying outside the shop. The girl told them what had happened,\" said the officer.The officer said that the girl's father lodged the FIR on Monday morning. \"We conducted a medical examination of the girl which proved rape. The two youths are absconding. They are being searched,\" said the officer.In yet another incident which occurred in Sadar police station area on Wednesday, a man took away an eight-year old girl sleeping under a flyover with her parents near Hasanpura.\"The man raped her after gagging her at a place nearby and fled leaving her severely bleeding. The parents did not lodge an FIR immediately after the incident. We have now registered the case and launched an investigation,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578725", "title": "BJP's tour plans go awry, thanks to rift", "text": "BANGALORE: The much-hyped BJP's statewide tour starting Tuesday to put up a united face has gone for a toss.A series of meetings by senior party leaders over the past few days failed to arrive at a consensus. Former chief DV Sadananda Gowda and BJP national general secretary Ananth Kumar will now undertake parallel tours.Former chief minister BS Yedyurappa will start his tour as planned from Tumkur with his supporters.Chief minister Jagadish Shettar and his deputies KS Eshwarappa and R Ashok will join touring teams according to their convenience.When Yeddyurappa decided to go on a tour, BJP state president KS Eshwarappa intervened and said it would send a wrong signal to the people and forced him to change his plans. Eshwarappa tried to downplay the rift between senior leaders: \"It was the party's decision to send them in different groups and all leaders agreed to it,\" he said.Yeddyurappa will visit drought-hit areas and oversee relief work done by the government. He will highlight any sort of shortcomings in the work. He will test the political waters by meeting people ahead of the assembly elections due next May.BJP in poll modeThe state BJP appears to be in election mode. At the meeting on Monday, leaders chalked out a series of programmes. The party's priority will be holding a special membership drive from September 9 to 16. \"Our aim is to increase our membership to 50 lakhs from 27 lakhs and to have at least 50 members in each booth,'' BJP general secretary Prahlad Joshi said. The party will hold demonstrations in all district headquarters on August 27 protesting the steep hike in fertilizer prices.Cong netas swear by unity formulaCongress leaders are now chanting the unity mantra. During the birth anniversary celebrations of former PM Rajiv Gandhi and former CM D Devaraj Urs on Monday, participants felt that a united fight was the only way to bring the party back to power.Union labour minister Mallikarjun Kharge attributed the Congress defeat in 2008 to lack of unity among leaders. \"If we had been united, we could have garnered power. We made a mistake which helped the BJP,'' he said. Opposition leader Siddaramaiah said the party has a bright chance of assuming power in the next elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578764", "title": "NE exodus may hit construction sector", "text": "CHENNAI: Builders and real estate contractors may soon feel the heat of the recent exodus of labourers from the northeast from Chennai. Industry sources feel that lack of adequate labour force would have a detrimental effect on the construction sector in the months to come. Going by the estimates of police and railway authorities, more than 10,000 migrant workers from the northeast have left Tamil Nadu in the past four days, following rumours of attacks on them.Builders expressed concern over the development as the construction industry is already facing a shortage of about 30% in the labour force. A city-based builder said the exodus could increase the labour shortfall by another 10-15%. \"Next two months are festival season. During this time, every year, workers take one or two months leave. So the immediate absence of labourers will not affect our scheduled deadlines for completion of projects. We had factored in such shortage during festival season. But if the workers who are still available in the state start moving out, things could get really worse,\" he said.While the labour department estimates that there are 2 lakh migrant labourers in the state, non-governmental organisations say it is about 10 lakh.Of the overall population of migrant workers in Tamil Nadu, a leading builder said, the northeast workers comprise a minor share compared to those from West Bengal, Bihar and Odisha. It is so, primarily because most of those who come from the northeast are unskilled workers. They often work as helpers in the construction sector. Labour sub-contractors engage them at a salary much lower than what a local worker is paid.T Chitty Babu, managing director of Akshaya Homes, said the exodus had not made any sudden impact on the sector. \"In our last labour audit on Saturday, it was found that a few workers had gone. But it is not a sizeable number to affect any of our ongoing projects. A crisis will come only if those who have left do not return,\" he said.\"People from Assam and other northeastern states are scattered in different industries and sectors all over the state,\" said R Geetha, a leading activist among migrant workers in the state. She said the northeast workers were the most socially insecure lot compared to those from West Bengal or Odisha. \"The government agencies should take immediate measures to keep them,\" she said.Another city-based builder, Prakash Challa, managing director of SSPDL, too felt the impact would be felt if the workers do not return in the next two months. \"We cannot estimate the impact at this stage. But it is a fact that the construction industry is dependent on migrant labourers from the northeast to a large extent,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15582435", "title": "Last day of electioneering for MSUSU polls evokes little response", "text": "VADODARA: The MS University (MSU) campus wore a deserted look despite Monday being the last day of campaigning for MSU Students' Union (MSUSU) elections. The percentage of students who were absent was high as they took Monday to be a holiday due to Eid festivities.There were a handful of student leaders and few students at the Faculty of Science during the day. The election campaign scene shifted to private tuition classes and smaller faculties that saw some student presence. The students contesting polls were also unable to bring out rallies due to the situation on the campus.Meanwhile, the university started preparations for the polls. Tin sheets were being placed at all the compound walls of the campus to ensure that on the day of the polls, unwanted elements were kept at bay. A series of meetings has been planned on Tuesday to give final touches to the preparations.In all, 34,006 students are eligible to vote for the polls scheduled on Wednesday. The university has put up 79 polling booths and counting will take place at 62 booths.The university has for the first time planned to give an update on the counting of votes on its website every 30 minutes. Large screens are being put up at the union pavilion and the main building of the Faculty of Commerce so that students can see the latest figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578728", "title": "Rumours of poisoned milk and toxic henna rock state", "text": "The joy of Eid-ul-Fitr in parts of Karnataka was marred by wild rumours that milk distributed from a particular source was adulterated and henna was toxic, setting off panic among people in festive mood.Rumour mills worked overtime in Dakshina Kannada district and neighbouring Kasargod of Kerala that the Nandini milk delivered to agents was poisoned. In Hubli-Dharwad and Chikmagalur, it was the rumour about some girls falling sick after applying mehndi on their hands.Both rumours were unfounded, and turned out to be the handiwork of a few mischievous elements.In Chikmagalur town, a vehicle went around the streets with a microphone asking people not to buy milk, vegetables, curds, mehndi or perfume, saying they had been laced with poison. According to witnesses, the announcement was made in Urdu and in Kannada.Chikmagalur district police chief Shashi Kumar said some mosques in Chikmagalur asked the community members to be cautious while using mehndi and perfume, but did not include milk, curd or vegetables in the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579708", "title": "Contractor to lift garbage in Pimpri Chinchwad", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation will appoint a private contractor to lift garbage and clear bins in two of the four divisional areas. The contractor will appoint workers to collect and dispose of the garbage at the Moshi depot.The contractor will collect garbage from zone A, which includes areas of Nigdi, Akurdi, Chinchwad and Chikhli, and zone D, which includes Kalewadi, Rahatni, Pimple Saudagar, Sangvi, Pimple Nilakh, Pimple Gurav and other areas.The PCMC has already appointed another contractor for the remaining two areas - zone B, which covers Pimprigaon, Pimpri Camp, Chinchwad and Chinchwadgaon, and zone C, which includes Kasarwadi, Bhosari and adjoining areas.There had been complaints that a private agency appointed for door-to-door garbage collection in zones A and D was not lifting garbage from bins and roadsides. As a result, the civic administration has decided to appoint a contractor only to lift garbage lying along roadsides, in gutters and in garbage bins.Shiv Sena corporator Sulabha Ubale from Nigdi said, \"The civic health department must take steps to clear the garbage lying in bins and along roadsides in zones A and D, as it makes the wards unclean. Moreover, there must be a single agency for door-to-door collection and garbage collection from roadsides, bins and gutters for better coordination.\"The civic administration has tabled a proposal before the standing committee to appoint the private contractor for zones A and D. The proposal will come up for discussion at the committee's meeting on Tuesday.PCMC health executive officer Rajaram Chavan said, \"Garbage collection from roadsides, gutters and bins is currently being carried out by the health department in zones A and D. Trucks will be deployed in some areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15584382", "title": "Multiple sclerosis patients suffer due to intense heat", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The intense heat this summer is proving to be tough for patients suffering from multiple sclerosis (MS), a disease of the nervous system, causing symptoms to worsen or in extreme cases precipitate acute MS. Neurologists say these temporary worsening of conditions also called pseudo-exacerbations is proving to be extremely difficult for MS patients as far as day to day living is concerned.According to Dr Dheeraj Khurana, Neurologist at the PGI, \"A significant numbers of MS patients mostly females in the age group of 20-40 years develop worsening of symptoms during summer months. The high temperature triggers intermittent symptoms of the disease such as shock like pains, tiredness or fatigue. In extreme situations an acute attack of the disease may get precipitated.\" Various investigations have highlighted that fever, hot baths, sun exposure, and stress can trigger or worsen the attacks.Explains Dr Prabhjeet Singh, Director, Department of Neurology at a hospital based in Amritsar said, \"Raised body temperature makes it difficult for already damaged nerve fibers to transmit electrical impulses, resulting in an exaggeration of the existing symptoms. However such exacerbations do not involve neurological damage, although symptoms sometimes can be quite severe.\"However this is not to suggest that MS patients completely surrender themselves to the grueling season. There are several precautions they can undertake to help themselves. \"MS patients can tide over this heat intolerance by increasing intake of fluids, staying in cool and dry environment as much as possible and use cooling products like cooling gels,\" said Dr Khurana. MS is an auto-immune disease in which the body attacks its own cells and tissues hampering neurological signaling from the brain to nerves around the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579407", "title": "Tourism workers in MP Pench to protest ban", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 150 stakeholders including Gypsy owners, guides and local villagers adjoining Madhya Pradesh side of Pench Tiger Reserve will take out a peace rally on Tuesday demanding withdrawal of ban on tourism in core areas of tiger reserves in the country.On July 24, Supreme Court had imposed an interim ban on tourism in core areas after states failed to notify buffer zones around their tiger reserves. The rally has been planned a day before the court is scheduled to review the interim ban.Sandeep Singh, who is leading the rally, told TOI the tourism ban would leave hundreds of youths unemployed and deprive their families of bread and butter. \"At this juncture Pench in MP is not ready to take on the challenge of tourism in buffer unlike Tadoba in Maharashtra where buffer is almost ready,\" Singh said.A section of villagers said the ban would deprive them of livelihood as many of them worked in resorts near Pench. Singh said most of the Gypsy owners were youths from nearby villages who had bought vehicles on loans and had instalments to pay.The peace rally will start at 8.30am and travel a distance of 50km to Seoni where the villagers will submit a memorandum to district collector Ajit Kumar and Pench field director Alok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579315", "title": "30 countries to take part in Buddhist conclave", "text": "PATNA: Bodh Gaya will host the first-ever international Buddhist conclave in which over 300 scholars, opinion makers and tour operators from 30 countries, including the US, are expected to participate on September 30. The first day of the two-day conclave would be held at Varanasi on September 29.Director, Bihar tourism, has already left for New Delhi to finalize the minute-to-minute programme at a high-level meeting with GOI officials on Tuesday.Top officials of the state are busy monitoring the arrangements for the visiting dignitaries. The state department of tourism has already appointed a firm as event manager for the conclave.State tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu has requested the founder of Mahabodhi Society of India, Anagarika Dharmapada, to give his consent for 'darshan' of the holy remains of Lord Buddha to the visiting delegates.The department has already held a meeting with members of the hotels association of Bodh Gaya for keeping rooms available for the event. Top hotels of Bodh Gaya have been asked to block luxury suites/rooms for the delegates.Each delegate would be given a bag made of eco-friendly material along with a coffee-table book, 'Buddha is calling', a pen drive having a documentary film on Bodh Gaya and Buddhist Circuit of Bihar besides a brochure and map of Buddhist Circuit.A virtual presentation of 360 foot trails of Lord Buddha would be made during the conclave, said an official.A gala dinner would be hosted for approximately 300 persons with sitting arrangements in the form of round table. The menu would be traditional Indian, continental and intercontinental. The tourism department would finally approve the menu, said an official.Mementos will be given to all the participating delegates. The stone sculptors of the Patharkatti village in Aurangabad district would prepare the mementos while shawls printed with 'Buddham Sharanam Gacchami' slogan would come from Nepura and Basawanbigha villages in Nalanda district for gift to the guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "15579278", "title": "Man cuts first wife, child into pieces", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: The Mughal-era tale of Anarkali being left to die within newly-constructed four walls to prevent her from marrying Prince Salim has been repeated in real life - albeit with certain twists!To save his second marriage, a man killed his first wife and their minor daughter, cut the bodies into pieces and concealed them inside a wall at his house with the help of his father, mother and second wife. The incident took place at Parasdeeh village under the Nagarnausa police station in Nalanda district on August 17, but the perpetrators could be arrested on Monday.The incident came to light when police broke open the house and recovered the bodies after dismantling the freshly-erected wall inside the house abandoned by the occupants. This after the villagers complained of smell emanating from the house late Sunday evening.The bodies were identified as those of Sumitra Devi, wife of Yogeshwar Prasad, and their minor daughter Nidhi.Nalanda SP Nishant Kumar Tiwari said the police arrested Yogeshwar and his second wife from village Bhagwanpur while his father Kishan Sao and mother Rajkumari Devi were nabbed from village Bhadodih within hours of the recovery of the bodies. Yogeshwar, a mason by profession, has confessed to having killed Sumitra and the child on August 17 after a quarrel over the issue of his second wife, who also stayed with the family, the SP said and added the dagger used in the crime was also recovered.DGP Abhayanand has announced a reward for the police team for speedy action in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578773", "title": "Presidency to remain closed this week after students' arrest", "text": "CHENNAI: Two days after the arrest of 32 students for dreating a commotion, Presidency College administration convened a special emergency council meeting to discuss about the unrest of the students on Monday.The college council decided to declare holidays till August 25. The college students' union election, which will be held on August 24 has been postponed. The meeting was convened by college principal Dr R Sabanayagam. All the department heads and a few senior faculty members were present. \"Our director of collegiate education T Senthamizh Selvi, professors Murali and Amutha Pandian went to the Puzhal jail and met the students who were arrested. We will discuss further action on Tuesday,\" Sabanayagam said.The students told the professors that they were innocent and the police cooked up a case against them. \"We took some sticks with us to protect us from being attacked by some students, as we heard that a gang had planned to attack us,\" a college official quoted a student in prison as saying. \"We don't want to continue the college with a section of students in prison. We have also postponed the students' union election. The poll date will be announced later,\" Sabanayagam said.When many students at the meeting raised their voice against having policemen on the campus, the college principal said it was part of their duty to maintain law and order. \"As Kamarajar Salai is known for VIP movement, normally a posse of policemen stand near the college gates. As they want to park their vehicles, we allowed them to park the vehicles on the campus. It is not wrong,\" he reasoned.On Friday evening, 32 students of Presidency College, who were found with sticks near Central station where hordes of people from the northeast were on their way to their home states, were arrested. Police noticed the youths and suspected that they had come to attack people from the northeast. Spotting the officers, the students scattered, but were chased and caught on Pallavan Salai.During questioning, the students told police that they had come to the station to attack a few students of another college owing to previous enmity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "15584353", "title": "Manipur TMC leaders to hold meeting on exodus in Delhi", "text": "IMPHAL: A team of Manipur-unit Trinamool Congress (TMC) led by its president Kim Gangte will discuss the matter of the mass exodus of northeastern students from Bangalore and Pune with party leaders in New Delhi on Tuesday.\"Triggering hatred and enmity among all citizens of the nation should be stopped immediately and we strongly condemn such unwanted acts. The authorities should take up all necessary measures to book those mischief mongers,\" Kim told TOI from New Delhi on Monday.\"We will do our best to bring about peace and harmony. After holding meeting with our national leaders including the party's northeast in-charge KD Singh, we will hold a joint meeting with the Prime Minister and home minister if required,\" Kim, a former Lok Sabha MP, said.A team of Manipur Pradesh Youth Trinamool Congress (MPYTC) has also left Imphal for Guwahati to extend all possible help to the fleeing Manipuri students.Stating that the confrontation between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims in Assam is a very sensitive issue, MPYTC president P Premananda said the Centre should tackle the matter with firm hands without any partiality.Meanwhile, the two police officers deputed by the government to liaise with Bangalore and Pune authorities on the current imbroglio have begun their assigned tasks in the two cities.Deputy inspector general of police (range 1) Clay Kongsai, who is now in Bangalore, has met Karnataka DGP and representatives of Manipuri students and employees. Superintendent of police (Chandel) E Priyokumar Singh held separate talks with deputy commissioner of Pune and former president of Manipuri students' union, Pune on Sunday, sources said.In the meantime, two Manipur home department officials-M Yaiskul and Ranjan Yumnam- who were deputed to Guwahati have already opened a help desk for the incoming Manipuri students and professionals at Guwahati Railway Station.While 32 Manipuris, who fled Bangalore and Pune, reached Imphal on Sunday after buses were arranged by the two officials from Guwahati, another 17 state natives reached Guwahati on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584084", "title": "Dharam is set to release Bhabi", "text": "With a natural instinct to sing live, Dharam hails from Glasgow, Scotland and is set to release his debut single 'Bhabi' on 23rd August through RPZ World.Dharam began his musical journey at the age of 6, when he would accompany his father Valeti Singh of Maacha Group. Performing across the UK as a live band, Dharam Singh would accompany his father on stage on tours, showing a natural stage presence from a remarkably early age.Born to perform, Dharam spent his younger years regularly performing, be it at family functions or in a class room with friends, Dharam would never shy from performing in front of a crowd. Under this strong history of live performing, Dharam went on to perform regularly at live events throughout Scotland, as a true live performer, Dharam refuses to mime behind a backing CD.Dharam has now been signed to RPZ World, who are currently working on launching him with his debut yet to be titled album. The first single from the album 'Bhabi' will be releasing 23rd August.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576942", "title": "Sportspersons game for govt\u2019s land offer", "text": "HYDERABAD: With sports personalities making a beeline for land, the Rangareddy district administration has started scouting for land in surrounding areas, especially hotspots like Rajendranagar, Maheshwaram and Serilingampally. Some sportspersons have specified the purpose for which they need land, while others have not.Sources said there was hardly any government land available in the surrounding areas of the city. Even if land is available, it's either been caught in legal wrangles or already allotted to institutions. To encourage sports in the state, the state government had a few years ago decided to allot five acres of land to sportspersons at a nominal price either for setting up an academy or for constructing houses. Sources said about half-a-dozen such requests for land were pending with the Rangareddy district administration. Two more sportspersons have enquired about the procedure to be followed to avail of government land.Officials said former athlete Javur Jagadeeshappa Shobha had sought land in Rajendranagar mandal due to its proximity to the international airport. The athlete was first offered five acres in Ghatkesar mandal, but she wants her plot to be in the Rajendranagar area.Chess player Lanka Ravi wants five acres in Maheshwaram. Rangareddy district officials identified some land in the same area but since the plot is caught up in legal wrangles, the district administration began searching for an alternative. The chess player did not mention the purpose for which he wants the land.Former hockey player Mukesh, too, has sought land from the revenue department to set up a hockey academy. As there is no government land in Serilingampally and Rajendranagar mandals, the Rangareddy officials have offered him land in one of the surrounding mandals. A few months back, five acres of land was identified (survey No.782) in Devarayamjal village in Shamirpet mandal. The proposal has been sent to the chief commissioner of land administration (CCLA) for final clearance.Volleyball player P Krishna Reddy is seeking land as well. However, he has neither given any choice of location nor specified the purpose for which he needed the land, officials said. Badminton player Pullela Gopichand was given five acres in Gachibowli in Serilingampally mandal for setting up an academy. The revenue department made attempts to resume three unutilised acres from him, but the former All-England champion moved court. The case is now pending before high court.Officials said that though sportspersons have been seeking land, it would be allotted on the basis of availability, especially if it was for housing purposes. When contacted, Rangareddy law officer D Venu Gopal said that they had sought land availability details from tehsildars. \"If land is available, alienation proposals will be sent to the CCLA,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15583228", "title": "Reliance Globalcom to install 100G internet network", "text": "MUMBAI: Reliance Globalcom today announced that it is upgrading its European network with coherent 100G technology. Part of the European network connecting Marseilles, London, Paris and Frankfurt is planned to be upgraded with 100G wavelength technology by end of 2012.Reliance Globalcom will be using Ciena's 6500 Packet Optical Platform and WaveLogic coherent optical processors to deploy the network. With the upgraded network, the company will be able to support bandwidth intensive applications like cloud computing, video conferencing, business continuity/disaster recovery, data centre connectivity, storage area networking and internet traffic.The new 100G technology enables Reliance Globalcom to send up to 2.5 times more data over its existing fibre network with 40G technology and reduces the overall cost per Terabit on its network. It also enables tighter integration with its recently deployed Terabit internet routers at higher capacities while providing improved granularity.\"The 100G deployment will enable significant bandwidth scalability, flexibility, and improved performance, while reducing the overall costs for our customers\", said Punit Garg, president &amp; CEO, Reliance Globalcom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15585041", "title": "India has a different way of promoting art", "text": "...says Kenyan artist Ruth Nyankundi who has a fair idea about the Indian art scene1. What do you think of India and the Indian art scene? The Indian art scene is big and diverse. India has more art lovers and they appreciate art from all over the world. Indians also have a different and better way of promoting art.2. Have you explored the Indian art scene in detail or know any of the Indian artists? I had heard about Indian art, but not really ventured into the art scene. My journey in India began with 'Merging Hues' who exhibited my works for the first time in 2011 in Bangalore. The response was overwhelming and brought about the beginning of my journey in India and getting to know the Indian art scene.3. What is your area of specialization? What is your inspiration? My area of specialization is African contemporary art, especially depicting the African culture and her people. While the culture remains my inspiration, my special interest is in depicting the women and the community.4. What collection are you going to showcase this time around? Please tell us a little about the series. I am showcasing pieces from my most recent paintings in which I have expressed my thoughts through heavy and thick contexts on canvas and shared my dreams and emotions from life by the varied use of colour.5. Which world artist do you admire the most and why? I admire eminent American artist, Jackson Pallock (1914). I admire his works for the manner in which he freely used colour beyond expectations. His works are indeed timeless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578268", "title": "Haryana plots at reviving extraction of minor minerals in Aravalis", "text": "GURGAON: In order to ensure that the mining operations in Haryana are carried out in a systematic manner, the government has invited technical proposals from agencies interested in undertaking mining of minor minerals in the state.According to experts, this might be a positive move considering the ecological damage such mining activities can cause. Such damage is evident in the mined areas of the Aravalis in Gurgaon and Faridabad. Rampant mining activities have left precious underground water exposed in massive mining pits due to the lack of planning by either the state.According to the government, private players will be able to download forms from its official website (www.haryana.gov.in ) or obtain hard copies from the office of director, mines and geology, Haryana at Chandigarh.Agencies would be shortlisted on the basis of their past track record. \"These will be in terms of experience in scientific and systematic mining, qualified manpower on their rolls to handle the operations, machinery and equipment, financial and technical capacity, observance of environmental safeguards, adherence to safety standards, experience in undertaking restoration and reclamation and rehabilitation measures,\" said a spokesperson of the state government.A pre-proposal conference is scheduled for August 29 at HSIIDC, Panchkula to clarify doubts of interested parties. Technical Proposals could be submitted by September 19.There has been a blanket ban on mining in the Aravalis after environmentalists and NGOs filed PILs in Supreme Court highlighting the deteriorating state of this eco-sensitive zone. However, the state as well as the mining companies have on several occasions tried to revive mining of minor minerals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15584252", "title": "Mayoral election to decide who rules Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation", "text": "MUMBAI: The election of the mayor and deputy mayor of the Mira Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) will be held on August 28, even as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Shiv Sena alliance along with the Congress and Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) are trying hard to stake claim of the civic house.Though no political party managed to cross the magic figure of 48 to rule the civic body, the BJP-SS alliance has 43 seats and is confident of having its own mayor and deputy mayor.With August 22 being the date set for filing of nomination forms for mayor and deputy mayor, the BJP-SS alliance is holding a meeting on Tuesday to discuss their strategy. With the BJP having won 29 seats as against Sena's 14, the former is likely to take the mayor's post. BJP district President Narendra Mehta is expected to be the mayoral candidate and Sena's Sandeep Patil may file his nomination form for deputy mayor.Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik, Sena Thane district president Eknath Shinde, BJP legislators Gopal Shetty and Vinod Tawde are meeting to stake claim of the civic house. The alliance needs five corporators to reach the figure 48.Talks are also on between the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) and Congress to come together and stake claim of the house. The NCP and Congress had fought the MBMC election independently. NCP won 27 seats while Congress had to be content with 19 seats.Both the NCP and Congress are in talks to form an alliance and keep out the saffron parties. Senior Congress and NCP leaders are in close door meetings to discuss whether to stake claim or sit in the opposition. If they come together, NCP is likely to stake claim for mayor's seat and Congress will have to settle for deputy mayor.Their combined strength adds to 46 leaving them short of two corporators.The BJP-SS, NCP and Congress are busy wooing the three Bahujan Vikas Aghadi (BVA) corporators, one Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) corporator and an independent corporator. Political observers say that BVA's Hitendra Thakur, former Vasai MLA is likely to go with the party that is willing to give the mayor post to a BVA corporator. BVA's Raju Bhoir is also expected to fill his nomination form for mayor's post. The BVA already rules the Vasai Virar Municipal Corporation (VVMC) and is expected to play a key role in deciding who rules the MBMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15584303", "title": "Raj Thackeray holds massive rally in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: MNS chief Raj Thackeray has gathered along with thousands of supporters at Girgaum Chowpatty in south Mumbai to march to Azad Maidan despite a police order that denied permission to do so.The MNS chief is demanding the resignation of Maharashtra home minister R R Patil over the violence on August 11 by Muslims in Mumbai that left two dead.A long convoy of buses, two-wheelers and cars, ferrying hundreds of supporters and party activist from the Thane unit of the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), drove towards the Girgaum chowpatty on Tuesday to attend the rally called by their leader.All vehicles driving into Mumbai with MNS activists from Thane and beyond, were subjected to physical inspection by the Mumbai police corps deployed at the toll booth at the Eastern Express Highway on Tuesday. None of the vehicles bearing the MNS flag and carrying party supporters from Thane were stopped at the toll booth at the Eastern Express highway. The MNS activists were given a free passage into Mumbai.Traffic congestion in south Mumbai has already begun as more than 50,000 people are expected at the MNS rally at Azad Maidan.While permission for the rally came late in the evening on Monday, it seemed party chief Raj Thackeray had little use of it anyway. \"Permission or no permission, we will go ahead with our protest march,\" Raj said earlier.A source earlier said the procession would start from Girgaon Chowpatty, but the police said they had not granted permission for a gathering there. \"We will decide how to handle the matter in case Raj starts the rally at Chowpatty,\" said a senior police officer.Two people were killed and over 40 injured on August 11 after a protest by several Muslim organisations to condemn the alleged attacks on Muslims in Myanmar and the Assam riots turned violent.Road blocks at strategic locations, random checks of vehicles and traffic diversions are already in force in most parts of the city in an attempt to prevent any untoward incident.Earlier on Monday, while speculation was rife that the MNS morcha could be a still-born baby, Raj addressed a press conference at his Shivaji Park residence, slamming the police for creating bureaucratic tangles while dealing with his party's letter seeking permission for the Tuesday road-show.\"The police and the home department should have displayed similar urge to adhere to rules and laws while granting permission to the August 11 protest march organized by the Raza Academy and the nine other bodies,\" he said.Accusing the police of stopping vehicles with MNS activists from entering Mumbai, Raj said, \"Every MNS worker from across Maharashtra is eager to participate in the morcha. We have invited relatives of Mumbai's policemen as well.\"He said he spoke to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday evening on the matter. \"The CM said categorically that in a democratic setup, a political party's right to protest can in no way be impinged,\" Raj said at the press conference.\"It will be a peaceful protest. But if the police try to disrupt it, the state government will be responsible for the consequences thereafter,\" he warned.Meanwhile, joint commissioner of police (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar said the traffic police will keep people updated about the road situation through SMSs and radio channels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15579400", "title": "Raj Thackeray's MNS rally at Azad Maidan today, cops to wait &amp; watch", "text": "MUMBAI: A long convoy of buses, two-wheelers and cars, ferrying hundreds of supporters and party activist from the Thane unit of the Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS), drove towards the Girgaum chowpatty on Tuesday to attend the rally called by their leader.All vehicles driving into Mumbai with MNS activists from Thane and beyond, were subjected to physical inspection by the Mumbai police corps deployed at the toll booth at the Eastern Express Highway on Tuesday. None of the vehicles bearing the MNS flag and carrying party supporters from Thane were stopped at the toll booth at the Eastern Express highway. The MNS activists were given a free passage into Mumbai.The police are anticipating traffic congestion in south Mumbai on Tuesday as more than 50,000 people are expected at the MNS rally at Azad Maidan. However, Raj Thackeray had recently exhorted his followers against paying toll till the state initiated measures for transparency in tolls. While permission for the rally came late in the evening on Monday, it seemed party chief Raj Thackeray had little use of it anyway. \"Permission or no permission, we will go ahead with our protest march,\" Raj said earlier.A source said the procession would start from Girgaon Chowpatty, but the police said they had not granted permission for a gathering there. \"We will decide how to handle the matter in case Raj starts the rally at Chowpatty,\" said a senior police officer.Two people were killed and over 40 injured on August 11 after a protest by several Muslim organisations to condemn the alleged attacks on Muslims in Myanmar and the Assam riots turned violent.Wiser by the incident, strong security arrangements were put in place since early morning across Mumbai, including two highways slicing the city, all major roads leading to south Mumbai, major railway stations and other locations en route, IANS reported.Road blocks at strategic locations, random checks of vehicles and traffic diversions are already in force in most parts of the city in an attempt to prevent any untoward incident.Earlier on Monday, while speculation was rife that the MNS morcha could be a still-born baby, Raj addressed a press conference at his Shivaji Park residence, slamming the police for creating bureaucratic tangles while dealing with his party's letter seeking permission for the Tuesday road-show.\"The police and the home department should have displayed similar urge to adhere to rules and laws while granting permission to the August 11 protest march organized by the Raza Academy and the nine other bodies,\" he said.Accusing the police of stopping vehicles with MNS activists from entering Mumbai, Raj said, \"Every MNS worker from across Maharashtra is eager to participate in the morcha. We have invited relatives of Mumbai's policemen as well.\"He said he spoke to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Monday evening on the matter. \"The CM said categorically that in a democratic setup, a political party's right to protest can in no way be impinged,\" Raj said at the press conference.\"It will be a peaceful protest. But if the police try to disrupt it, the state government will be responsible for the consequences thereafter,\" he warned.Meanwhile, joint commissioner of police (traffic) Vivek Phansalkar said the traffic police will keep people updated about the road situation through SMSes and radio channels.(Inputs from IANS)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15579159", "title": "Govt had power to charge toll on infra but feared backlash", "text": "PANAJI: Though the Goa, Daman and Diu Highways Act, 1974, empowered the state government to charge fees to all who used the state's highways, bridges and roads, that part of the law remained unenforced till the present.Having amended the Goa, Daman and Diu Highways Act in the Goa legislative assembly this month, the government has taken one step towards enforcing its powers in the Act; the collection of fee from vehicles using Goa's roads and bridges. But the prime reason for amending the Act is to enable the government to exempt any vehicles it wishes, from paying the fee.This has been done by amending section 54A and 54B of the Goa Highways (Amendment) Bill, 2012.Speaking to TOI, PWD minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar stressed that the fee will only be for non-Goan vehicles. It will not only bring in revenue but also prevent the problem of tourists getting questioned by traffic police all over Goa.As soon as vehicles enter Goa, they will have to pay the fee and they will be given a sticker which they will have to display on their vehicle. They can then travel all over Goa. The amounts are yet to be decided and will be mentioned in the rules which PWD officials are presently drafting, Dhavalikar said.The amendment bill has also inserted a new Section 54C. This is to provide for punishment for entering bridges or highways or roads without payment of the fees. Yet another insertion of section 54D enables the government to enter into an agreement for development and maintenance of highways, bridges and roads.So what is the rationale from collecting a fee from non-Goan vehicles using the state's roads and bridges? Official sources pointed out that in other states, vehicles are made to pay toll at specially erected toll booths. And although the Goa Highways Act empowers the government to collect such a fee, it was never collected because of public reluctance. The government was losing valuable revenue. But mindful of the fierce public backlash if such a move was initiated in Goa, the government decided to amend the act such that vehicles registered in Goa could be exempted from paying the fee.The government also realized that the Goa Highways Act, 1974, had another lacuna. It has no provision for undertaking building of highways through a concessionaire who in turn is allowed to charge a fee to recover his money.By amending the Act, the government has facilitated the levy of fee \"by establishing gates\" that will yield revenue. Sources said that this will be done either by outsourcing or by setting up a fee collection mechanism of erecting toll nakas and employing staff.The amendment provides for punishment of those breaking the law. Section 54C states that \"whoever enters a bridge or state highway or major district road or village road without paying the fee, shall on conviction, be punished - (a) for the first offence with a fine which may extend to one thousand rupees. (b) for a subsequent offence with a fine which may extend to five thousand rupees\".The PWD is engaged in drafting the rules that will work out the modalities of how much fee to charge for which vehicle and other finer details. The PWD will draft the rules in consultation with the government and send them for vetting to the law department. The rules will then be notified, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579673", "title": "Integrated sewerage scheme in 20 cities", "text": "PATNA: Urban development and housing minister Prem Kumar, on Sunday, said work on integrated sewerage scheme, solid waste management and river front management is being undertaken in 20 cities along the river Ganga in the state with the assistance of the Centre.The minister, who on Saturday reviewed the functioning of National Ganga River Basin Authority ( NGRBA), said that the 20 cities to be covered under the plan are: Patna, Danapur Nizamat, Fatuha, Bakhtiyarpur, Hajipur, Chhapra, Buxar, Dighwara, Sonepur, Revilganj, Ara, Begusarai, Bhagalpur, Munger, Sultanganj, Naugachia, Khagaul, Barahaiya, Barh and Mokama. He said that river front development also includes construction of dhobi ghat, graveyard and public latrines.The minister said funds had already been sanctioned to four of the 20 cities and the share of the Centre and state is 70:30. He said work had started at Hajipur, Begusarai and Buxar. The minister said under Hajipur Sewerage Plan, sewerage treatment plants of 22 lakh litre daily capacity would be constructed while sewerage treatment plants of 16 lakh litre capacity would be constructed under Buxar sewerage plan. Sewerage treatment plant of 17 lakh litre daily capacity under Begusarai Sewerage Plan and 30 lakh litre daily capacity under Munger Sewerage Plan would be constructed. All these projects would be completed in two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579357", "title": "Gaiety marks Eid festivities", "text": "PATNA: Eid was celebrated with religious fervour and gaiety all over the state on Monday. The festival, which comes after observing fast during the holy month of Ramzan, was marked by community namaz at open places and mosques. The main congregation in the state capital was held at Gandhi Maidan where over 10,000 people offered namaz which was led by Sheik-ul-Hadis Maulana Mohammad Qasim, principal of Madrasa Shamsul Hoda. Another big congregation was at Sanichara Bagh in Patna city and also in Phulwarisharif.Chief minister Nitish Kumar went to Gandhi Maidan to greet the Muslims. He asked people to adhere to the ethos of Eid-ul-Fitr which gives the message of peace and communal amity. Kumar, who was speaking to newsmen on the occasion, said people should adhere to the values of the festival for social justice, equality, communal harmony and brotherhood. He asked them to pray for socio-economic development of Bihar so that it could contribute to the progress of the country.Earlier, the CM met Maulana Qasim at Gandhi Maidan and greeted him as well as president of Gandhi Maidan Eid Namaz committee president Mahmood Alam who gifted him a traditional cap and handkerchief (scarf).The CM also visited Imarat Shariah and Khanquah Mujibia at Phulwarisharif on the outskirts of Patna and met the clerics there. Later, he drove to Idara-e-Shariah, Khanqah Emadia, Mangal Talab and Khanqah Munamia, Mittanghat in Patna City and greeted the religious heads of the shrines.At most of the congregations, the Imams exhorted the Muslims to maintain for the next 11 months what they practised during the month of Ramzan. They said Ramzan gives lesson of peace, harmony, equality and restraint and everybody should make these policies a way of life for a peaceful coexistence in the multi-religious society. \"Our life should be a lesson for others and we should come forward to help the needy and cooperate in nation building,\" said Maulana Mohammad Alam Qasmi, imam of a mosque, in his sermon.In most of the localities like Sabzibagh, Muradpur, Shahganj, Sultanganj, Alamganj, Patna City and Phulwarisharif, there was an atmosphere of festivity and Eid Milan programmes were organized at several places. For children, it was the time to make merry. The clear weather gave them an opportunity to play and enjoy with excitement. Children were also gifted with money by their guardians. \"Eid is a time of merriment for all since it comes after a monthlong fast and prayers during which Muslims don't eat and drink during day time. This trains them in self-restraint,\" said Mohammad Iqbal Siddiqui, a college teacher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578382", "title": "PMO paved way for opaque allotments of coal blocks", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite prodding a recalcitrant coal ministry to introduce auctions of coal blocks, the Prime Minister's Office might have itself set the clock back and paved the way for opaque allotments by favouring an amendment of the Mines and Minerals Act.In a meeting held in the PMO on April 4, 2006, it was decided that changes in the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act might be the preferred path to introduce auctions as this will be applicable to all minerals, not just coal.The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report on coal allocations notes that it was decided the proposal to amend the MMDR Act should be vetted by the law ministry, setting in motion an elaborate process. A little later, in July, 2006, the law ministry's opinion that coal auctions could be initiated through administrative action was overlooked.It was in the context of PMO's view that wider changes covering all minerals should be effected that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh approved the decision to continue coal allocations through a screening committee on August 6, 2006.MMDR amendments could be brought into force only after Parliament passed them in August, 2010, almost two years after the Bill was introduced in Parliament in October, 2008, and referred to a standing committee that submitted its report in February, 2009. This accounted in good measure for the delay since competitive bidding was mooted in June, 2006.PMO had earlier taken a relaxed attitude towards competitive bidding based on the coal ministry's view that auctions will be enforced prospectively. But when warned that pressures will mount for continuation of the present procedure if a quick decision on auctions is not taken, PMO sought an urgent update of the Cabinet note.The coal ministry kept on raising hurdles, sometimes referring to reported objections by states that auctions will raise input costs and possible implications for federal polity. In the meanwhile the screening committee made allocations that have been slammed by the CAG for lacking transparency.In the 2G case, there was a first-come-first-serve policy - although allegedly manipulated \u2014 but in coal allocations the auditor has said he could not discover any process by which bids that made the cut were evaluated against those that were rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578818", "title": "Western Ghats experts' panel report under review", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has set up a committee under the chairmanship of Planning Commission member K Kasturirangan to review the controversial Western Ghats ecology experts panel report, which had recommended restricting industrial development in about 75% of the hilly terrain spread across six states. The Western Ghats panel report was roundly criticized by the state governments and other infrastructure-related Central ministries.The Kasturirangan committee will submit a report within two months to MoEF on how to implement the findings in a 'holistic' and 'effective' manner.The committee has been tasked with incorporating the views of the state governments as well as other ministries before MoEF takes its decision.The environment ministry in its notification has said the panel will review the \"constitutional implications of Centre-state relations with respect to conservation and sustainable development of the Western Ghats region and the implications of the UNESCO heritage site recognition of some parts of the ghats\".The states had raised concerns about the federal nature of an over-arching environmental authority to regulate development in the ghats as recommended by the ecology experts. The states had also raised a din over the Union government enlisting sites in the Western Ghats on the UNESCO World Heritage roster. While some had talked of the impact on industries, others had raised concerns about the consequences of this new tag on rights of tribals and other groups in the Western Ghats' complex.The panel includes C R Babu, professor emeritus in the University of Delhi; Professor Kanchan Chopra, retired director of the Institute of Economic Growth; Sunita Narain, director general of Centre for Science and Environment; J M Mauskar, retired officer of the environment ministry; Darshan Shankar, chairman of the Institute of Ayurveda and Integrative Medicine' P S Roy, director of Indian Institute of Remote Sensing; and Jagdish Kishwan, a senior forest officer in MoEF. Ajay Tyagi, joint secretary in the ministry is the panel's member-secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579053", "title": "Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board orders survey of all self-financed schools", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) directed District Education Office (DEO) officials across the state to conduct a survey of 7,000-odd self-financed schools and submit a complete database in a month.Officials said that Education Inspector level workers will be sent to all schools to carry out a comprehensive check on students, staff, fee structure and infrastructure of each school. The report will have to be compiled and the information sent to the board. The board will then create a database which will be used to allot assessment duties after the board exams.Secretary of GSHSEB M I Joshi said the survey is being carried out to avoid consistent lack of staff for assessment of class X and XII board exam papers, where the load invariably falls on teachers of government schools. Self-financed schools shrug off responsibility by citing lack of staff.\"The actual human resources and infrastructure of self financed schools is being studied so that they can be directed to strengthen the same, to avoid penal action. We received numerous representations that many self-financed schools cut back on staff, payments to teachers and infrastructure to cut costs,\" Varsani said.Education inspectors who will visit each self financed school will collate the data, beginning from whether the school is recognized, the year in which it was affiliated to the board, staff strength, their salaries and the mode of payment.EIs will also take record qualifications of the teachers and the number of years they have served in the school. Specific information would be collected on fees charged, the heads under which charged, whether fee details are displayed on school boards.Joshi said details of where the deficiencies have to be specifically pointed out by the by DEOs will be cross checked, and action initiated against the EI or DEO who withheld correct information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577535", "title": "Double crown for Akshay and Shalaka", "text": "MUMBAI: Akshay Dewalkar and Shalaka Sahasrabuddhe won a grand double in the 26th Thane District Badminton championships at the Navi Mumbai Sports Association at Vashi. Akshay won the men's final lasting 75 minutes against the current Maharashtra champion Subhankar Dey. Akshay lost the first set 17-21, then won the next two 21-18, 21-19.For the doubles, Akshay combined with Jishnu Sanyal outclassing Subhankar Dey and Bisal Das 21-14, 15-21, 21-15. Shalaka's unfortunate rival, Sai Gulhane lost 21-14, 21-13 in the midget final and lost 21-16, 21-13 in the sub-junior final. Jui Agaskar won the women's final defeating Vallari Bukane 21-14, 21-16 for her maiden district title.Triple for Senhora; Sanil dazzles: Senhora D'Souza and Sanil Shetty were the cynosure as they won titles in the All Mumbai ranking Table Tennis tournament at the University Pavilion on Sunday. Senhora won the women's, youth and juniors singles titles, while Sanil won the men's singles title.Sanil defeated Noel Pinto 11-5, 11-7, 11-8, 11-9. Senhora was just unstoppable in all the three finals. She defeated Charvi Kawle 11-6, 8-11, 11-8, 13-15, 11-8 12-10 in the women's singles final. She routed Akshi Sancheti 4-0 in the youth girls final while Dyuti Patki was her victim in the Junior final.Monique emerges best: Khar Gymkhana's Monique Gandhi emerged the best women's swimmer in the GMAAA senior and lower age group swimming championships held at Chembur's Tata pool over the weekend.Abeer, Velenie on target for Sea View: Two first half strikes by Abeer Arsiwala and Velenie Fernandes was instrumental in Sea View recording a convincing 2-0 win against Companeroes in a women's match of the 9th Bandra West Football League played at the Dr. Norman Lewis Supari Talao Municipal Grounds, Bandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577802", "title": "Row over clean chit to mayor continues", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the local fund audit (LFA) report was shown in public by the mayor, Jyoti Khandelwal claiming she had received a clean chit against allegations of financial irregularity; allegations started flying thick and fast.Social activists and Jaipur Bachao Samiti alleged that the report was partial and head of the committee, ML Gupta is Khandelwal's distant relative and hence shielded her. Suresh Khandelwal, convener, Jaipur Bachao Samiti alleged, \"The report was submitted three days before the committee head's retirement.\" He alleged, \"The report was made public without seeking the chief minister's approval.\"In the report it was mentioned that the officials of Jaipur Municipal Council were allegedly not cooperating in the investigation. While the investigation was initiated in January 2012, the department could not get hold of the required documents, and as a result, failed to submit the report to CM on time. Sanjay Sharma, a social activist alleged, \"The investigation was done without the required documents. We will meet chief minister in this regard and if no action is taken we will approach the court.\"The activist even claimed that Khandelwal who has been facing allegations of corruption was spared a probe by Rajasthan's Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) at the directions of chief minister Ashok Gehlot .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "15578279", "title": "On Hooda's home turf, students study in open", "text": "ROHTAK: Seasons change from monsoon to the bone-chilling winter and then the scorching summer, but for the past two years, nearly 1,000 girls in the Government Girls Senior Secondary School in Kiloi village of Rohtak study out in the open due to absence of classrooms.,The state government got the old school building pulled down and began work on a fresh structure in 2009, however, delays after delays led to much incontinence for the students. And, Kiloi village is a part of Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda's home constituency - Garhi Sampla Kiloi.,Studies take place under the open sky and in the adjoining sports complex. \"Things are difficult throughout the year and we rush to the verandah when it rains. We cannot concentrate on our work,\" around 35 students of Class VII, sitting under a tree near the sports complex, said in unison.,Another group of girls exclaimed while making a grimace of disgust: \"The open ground and tree shades have been our classrooms for two years. Class VI girls sit on an uneven kutcha floor and studies are almost impossible. We brace the harsh summer and the terrible winter days.\" The teachers too agreed with the students and argued: \"We have taken up the issue with senior education officers and have sought help of the village panchayat. But nothing seems to go right.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15579448", "title": "Fear now drives Nepali migrants out of Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just people from the northeast who have fled Mumbai in the wake of the Assam violence, but also scores of Nepali workers have started leaving the city. They fear that they may be attacked as their physical features are similar to those of people from the northeast.Sources said Nepali migrants staying in places such as Antop Hill, Dadar and Wadala started leaving the city ever since people from the northeast began their exodus from Mumbai and Pune. On Sunday, nearly 300 Nepali workers left for Bihar, from where they will travel to their native place.This has started hurting small businesses and establishments in the city where a large number of the Nepali workers are employed. For instance, a Chinese food stall near Shaitan Chowky in Dadar has been shut since Sunday . \"Our family has been running the stall since 1997. However, it has remained closed since Sunday as eight of our Nepali workers have fled the city. These employees are part of the 300-odd Nepalis who left the city on Sunday,\" said Pravin Sawant, owner of the stall.Sawant tried to explain to his Nepali employees that they had nothing to do with the Assam violence and there was no danger to them, but they were not convinced. \"Our physical features are similar to those of people belonging to the northeast. We may be mistaken for natives of that region, particularly Assam, and attacked. There is a danger to our lives here in Mumbai,\" Sawant quoted one of his employees as saying.Another person, who owns a vada pav stall in Prabhadevi, said: \"The Nepali workers I had employed to manage the vada pav business have fled for fear of attacks . My business will suffer till the time I get suitable replacements ,\" the owner said. \"Many people in the city cannot afford to have food in hotels . The roadside Chinese and vada pav stalls cater to this section of society. It now appears that the violence in the northeast will affect these people as well.\"Owners of bigger establishments with employees from Nepal are also a worried lot. Karan Menon, who runs a suburban hotel called What's Cooking, said: \"I have two Nepali and one Assamese workers. I held a meeting with them as well as other employees and asked them not to panic and leave the city. The situation is not so alarming here.\"Meanwhile, Shiv Sena Rajya Sabha MP Anil Desai said his party was aware of the matter and was working to instil a sense of security among members of the Nepali community. \"I will raise the issue in the Rajya Sabha,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578062", "title": "Soon, BEST to power its bus depots with solar energy", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking a leap towards conservation of energy, the BEST has decided to experiment with the use of solar power to provide electricity to its 25 bus depots across the city.BEST incurs a huge power bill, which runs into lakhs of rupees annually, at the bus depots-especially in the western and eastern suburbs. \"Electricity is needed to light up the depot almost round the clock, to run various equipment to maintain and clean buses and at the various offices within the depots,\" a senior official said. The administration has now decided to install solar energy panels at three depots in the suburbs on an experimental basis. \"We will gradually shift to solar energy at all the depots,\" the official stated.Besides conserving energy, the move will help BEST to cut down costs. BEST committee member Ravi Raja said, \"In the suburbs, we purchase power from RInfra at a very high cost. If we switch to solar power, the initial investment could be costly, but we will save a lot of money in the long run.\" In fact, it was Raja who at a recent committee meeting suggested that BEST should install solar panels at the depots.BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta said, \"We are keen on experimenting with solar power.We will invite bids from parties willing to provide the service to us. As a pilot project, we will start with three depots.\" He, however, did not disclose the names of any depot. Sources said BEST would begin with depots in the suburbs and gradually include other prominent depots like Colaba and Backbay in south Mumbai in the second phase.BEST panel chairperson Ashok Patil has suggested the administration can also introduce LED lights as it would save 60% power. However, Gupta said that LED lights were already tried at some depots and they were not \"cost-effective\".The BEST has a fleet of 4,680 buses, most of which are parked at the 25 depots across the city.Green InitiativeSolar power is the conversion of sunlight into electricity-either directly using photovoltaics (PV) or indirectly using concentrated solar power (CSP). Concentrated solar power systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. Photovoltaics convert light into electric current using the photoelectric effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582274", "title": "MANIT students log into own website", "text": "BHOPAL: With an objective of providing single platform to discuss and share their issues, MANIT students have launched a website under the umbrella of Club NIT-B. Besides, students' activities and other innovative concepts are uploaded on the website.The community of 'Club NIT-B' is an initiative to bring uniformity and regulation in functioning of various societies in the college. It acts as an interface between all societies in college by interlinking them and making them easily accessible through the Internet.The idea of launching the website is a brainchild of two students-Mayan Mishra (3rd year computer science) and Ismail Fazal (final year, architecture). The duo planned the venture a year ago.Talking about portal being run by the students, website coordinator and final year student Aafaque R Khan said: \"Internet, nowadays have become an integral part of a student's life. It is an ocean of knowledge waiting to be explored and also the medium a student feels most comfortable expressing himself.\"He added: \"As of now, posters have become almost redundant in spreading the word on the events taking place in the college, we come up with a novel solution - a website dedicated to smoothen the functioning of the societies working in MANIT as well as providing a database to the students.\"When asked about the need of a separate website when MANIT is having its own portal, Khan said this website is more interactive. \"Here students have the facility to discuss and share their issues. Besides, we encourage students post their articles. This website is by the students and for the students,\" a mechanical branch student, Khan said.However, he added that the objective of the website running by the students is not any competition to the other portal. \"Our portal has been recognized by the MANIT director. It is just a way to provide opportunity to the students,\" Khan added.Website provides services from training and placement information to students' each activity in the campus.ramendra.singh@timesgroup.comAbout the future projects, Khan said: \"Social networking sites have become an essential part of our lives these days. We also envision a plan to link our website with these networking sites so that MANIT students keep getting regular updates regarding what's new in the college.\" For this purpose, a separate e-mail Id will be given to every student. The e-mail will be deleted, once that student left the institute, he added.Tripta Thakur and Deepak Singh Tomar, both faculties from NAIT have helped students run the website smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15582439", "title": "Special Operations Group staff threaten siege of secretariat", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The agitating contractual employees, engaged in the service of jawans of Special Operations Group (SOG) on Monday threatened to besiege the state secretariat on Wednesday if the government ignores their longstanding demand of regularization of job and pay hike.At present, around 315 contractual employees work as cook, peon, barber and washermen in SOG wing for a paltry Rs 4,440 salary per month, sources said. They have been posted in several Maoist-hit pockets.\"Though we always accompany SOG personnel in Maoist areas and endanger our lives, there is hardly any welfare scheme for us. We have been demanding regularization of jobs since long, but to no avail,\" said Saroj Pattnaik, secretary of the association.The disgruntled employees boycotted their duties since Friday and have since been sitting on hunger strike near the Lower PMG Square protesting the lackadaisical attitude of the state government. Sources said two of the employees were hospitalized on Monday after their condition deteriorated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15582714", "title": "Suranjoy Singh plans comeback in WSB", "text": "NEW DELHI: Still nursing the hurt of missing out on the Olympics, a fit-again Suranjoy Singh (51kg) could return to action in the World Series of Boxing this year after recovering from a knee injury that played a major role in his absence from the London Games.\"My movement which had been severely hampered because of the injury is now improving and I am in talks with the Indian franchise of the World Series of Boxing to work out my comeback,\" Suranjoy, who created quite a sensation by winning eight successive gold medals between 2010 and 2011, said.\"Not being able to make the Olympics hurts a lot but there is no option but to move ahead,\" he said.If he competes in the WSB, Suranjoy would be competing in the 54kg division.One of the most successful boxers from India in international events, Suranjoy missed out on London after failing to make the cut in the qualifying tournaments and the nagging knee problem, which had to be operated upon in May, had a big role to play in his absence from the sporting extravaganza.A second-class employee in the Indian Navy, Suranjoy has been promoted just once in his career despite being a Commonwealth Games and Commonwealth Championships gold-medallist and an Asian champion.The 26-year-old has already started a boxing academy in Manipur to groom talent and plans to go full-time into coaching after he hangs up his gloves after next year's World Championships.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581550", "title": "Amitabh Bachchan\u2019s timely affair", "text": "Looking at the star's obsession with punctuality, through the eyes of an old-timer...Time and Amitabh Bachchan form a very strong mutual admiration society. Time has been with him in his battles with death, and he has overcome death with time.I invited him to a college day function in a faraway suburb in Mumbai. He hardly took two minutes to accept my invitation extended to him just twenty four hours before the function. It was a Sunday and his drivers were on leave. He asked me if I had a car and I said I didn't. He just got into a Maruti-800 and asked me to get in. He drove as I instructed him because he had never been to the place.We reached the faraway college ten minutes before time and both the organisers and the students were surprised as they were still giving finishing touches to the stage.Another time, I invited him to unveil a plaque to honour our mutual 'guru', Khwaja Ahmad Abbas. He was very, very busy but he made all kinds of adjustments and reached the function before all the other celebrities managed to reach.There are also many stories about his respect for time when it comes to work. He would reach a studio even before the gates were thrown open by sleepy security men. Sometimes, he would reach a studio before the unit members, spending his time watering the studio plants.He has waited for Govinda for more than three hours on the sets. I have seen him waiting for four hours for Madhuri Dixit and then receiving her without a trace of any annoyance showing on his face or in his behaviour.He was a 'pain' for all those political campaign managers when he was involved with politics because he was always punctual. He made it on time even when the whole city reeled and staggered under traffic jams. And if by chance he wasn't able to make it on time, he more than made up for it by apologising to the people concerned.I took a chance by inviting him to my wedding reception and forgot all about it. During the reception, I got a message from his secretary saying he would be at the reception at 8.30 pm sharp. I was surprised but I also knew that he would keep his word. At 8.25, I asked my wife to look at the gate. She wondered why and before she could look at me again, it was 8.30 pm and he was right there before me, and the entire stunned and amazed crowd.I invited him to the release of my autobiography, \"Life, Bits and Pieces\" . He was shooting three shifts that day but he and his efficient secretaries, Sheetal and Rosie kept informing me about his movements every minute and he was there at exactly the right time. I have won several bets because of this strange man's passion for punctuality and his respect for time.Just some months ago, Pandit Hridaynath Mangeshkar had planned to have his own awards named after him for people who had contributed to society in various fields. He naturally chose his sister, Bharat Ratna Lata Mangeshkar for the first award. She was asked whom she would like to receive the award from - former President of India, Dr APJ Kalam, Sachin Tendulkar or Amitabh Bachchan. The nightingale didn't hesitate for a moment and pointed at Mr Bachchan's name.I was responsible for arranging the function. I knew how busy Mr Bachchan was those days. I kept chasing him and his secretary Rosie almost every second day. A month later, I received a call and I was thrilled when he agreed.On that day too, he kept updating me about where he had reached, how he was caught in traffic and when he would finally reach. I was waiting and soon there was chaos at the entrance. He had arrived and I was pushed into the background by his security men. Later, his speech in 'shudh Hindi' in praise of Lata prompted her to call him the 'baadshah of acting and also a baadshah of speeches'.P.S.: The man has a passion for clocks of all kinds and has all the best wrist watches in the world. I think it is just a reflection of his obsession with time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578149", "title": "Cross-city bicycle network to be launched today", "text": "KOCHI: In a bid to promote the use of bicycles as a sustainable mode of transportation, Athi's Bicycle Club here is setting up bicycle networks in different parts of the city. It will be introduced at a function near high court on Tuesday.Bicycle racks will come up in several places such as Palarivattom, Kaloor, Ernakulam North, Kacheripady, Padma, High Court junction, Menaka, Boat Jetty, South station, Ernakulam bus station, Kadavanthra, Thevara, Manorama junction and Vyttila. A registered member of the club can use bicycle for commuting in the city by sending an SMS. Initially, a total of 65 bicycles will be available for the members and there will be separate bicycles for men and women. Tony Chammany, mayor, Kochi corporation, will launch it by sending the first SMS and ride a cycle from near the high court to the corporation.\"The facility was first introduced in 2011. Our target was only 100-200 members then. But within a short span of time, registered members rose to 2,000 and we were forced to stop our manual operations. Later, we started working on an automation software,\" said Athirup M S, the brain behind the concept. Anyone with a mobile can join the club free of cost by just sending an SMS and the usage charge will be Rs 2 per hour. \"Members can take a bicycle from any rack by sending an SMS with the code of the bicycle to 9645511155. Members can use bicycles 24x7,\" added Athirup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15585399", "title": "I am not joining Cong: Gopinath Munde", "text": "PUNE: Senior Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Gopinath Munde has scotched speculation over his joining the Congress to replace Vilasrao Deshmukh in the party.\"Baseless stories are being spread about me. I am not going to join the Congress party even if they offer me the post of chief minister. There is no question of quitting the BJP ahead of 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha elections,\" said Munde speaking to media in Nanded.He added that rumors of his joining the Congress to replace late Vilasrao Deshmukh were baseless.\"Even when Vilasrao was alive such stories were spread. Vilasrao and I were friends since college days and we shared cordial friendship. However we never imposed political ideology on each other. I am with the BJP and will remain with the party\" said Munde.Political circles are abuzz with the stories that party high command was looking for a leader of Deshmukh's stature who has a strong mass base.The state unit of the Congress has suffered a major loss because of the death of union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh.For decades Deshmukh strongly led the state Congress and gave a tough fight to Maratha strongman Sharad Pawar who was trying to weaken the Congress in the state. Deshmukh's death has created a void in state Congress leadership and political observers say that the party will find it difficult to replace the late leader.Interestingly the anti Munde faction led by BJP national president Nitin Gadkari has also refuted that Munde was likely to join the Congress. Staunch Gadkari supporter and Munde's detractor MLC Vinod Tawade said that Munde was \"chief ministerial\" candidate for the BJP.\"Munde is frontrunner for the post of state chief minister in 2014 election. There are chances that BJP- Shiv Sena will topple NCP - Congress government and regain power in Maharashtra. Munde is the only leader who could bring BJP, Shiv Sena and MNS together. This alliance will be a formidable force in the elections\" said Tawade speaking to reporters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15576852", "title": "Mantri\u2019s vehicle injures man", "text": "A man broke his leg after he was knocked down by minister Sailajanath's convoy here on Monday. Locals alleged that the convoy sped past the injured person, who was rushed to the government hospital. The mishap took place at the busy Saptagiri Circle area. According to locals, the injured person was left writhing in pain even as the vehicle sped away. They demanded that the minister bear the medical expenses of the injured man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15584532", "title": "NGO set to bring trafficking victim back from Delhi", "text": "RANCHI: In the last few months there has been an increase in the number of trafficking cases in the state. One more case came to light on Monday when Sago Devi, mother of 19-years-old Shiela Kumari, sent a letter to the SDO Shekhar Jamuar, pleading him to bring her daughter back from Delhi.Sago said, \"My daughter was taken to work as a domestic help in Delhi by some local brokers. It has been one year since then and I have not received any information about her. On Sunday she called me up from a mobile number saying that she is in Delhi and wants to come back.\" Adding further she said, \"Shiela sounded worried and said that she worked at a household for one whole year but she was not given any money. I just want the administration to bring back my daughter.\"After receiving the phone call on Sunday, Sago Devi filed a written application to the SDO on Monday. Jamuar said, \"I have informed the NGO Diya Seva Sansthan to look into the matter and they are likely to bring back the girl in two days.\"Employee of the NGO, Baidyanath Kumar said, \"A missing FIR is filed at Namkom police station by Khoda Munda, father of the girl. We have informed Shakti Vahini, a Delhi NGO, about the girl and most probably the girl will be located by Tuesday.\"Explaining the case, Baidyanath said, \"The girl was taken from her home by local brokers and was handed over to a placement agency at Delhi. The agency employed her at some household but did not pay her for the work.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577665", "title": "Two injured as taxi jumps lanes, rams into sedan", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were injured when a taxi had a head-on collision with a sedan in Lower Parel around 8.30 pm on Sunday. The accident occurred on the road leading to the Mahalaxmi racecourse, said the N M Joshi Marg police.The police said prima facie it appeared that the taxi driver was at fault as his vehicle had strayed on to the opposite lane and rammed into the sedan.The police said such was the impact of the mishap that the taxi driver, Rajkumar Pal (35), was thrown out of the vehicle. \"The man driving the sedan, Devendra Mishra (43), was saved by his car's air bags,\" said sub-inspector Shamrao Patil. Both sustained chest injuries and were hospitalized.Pal was booked under Sections 279, 338 and 427 of the Indian Penal Code and Section 184 of the Motor Vehicles Act. He, though, was yet to be arrested as he was still in hospital. \"We are also awaiting Pal's blood report. If he tests positive, we will book him for drunk driving as well,\" said an investigator.While there were four passengers in the taxi at the time of the incident, Mishra was alone in the sedan. None of the passengers were reportedly injured. \"Mishra, a driver by profession, remained unconscious for almost one and a half hours. The taxi driver gained consciousness after two hours,\" said Sudhakar Ghagare, senior inspector at the N M Joshi Marg police station. Eyewitnesses told cops that Pal was at fault..The police said traffic was disrupted for around 30 minutes after the incident. \"Mishra said he was heading towards Mahalaxmi to pick up his employer's daughter when the speeding taxi hit the sedan head-on,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583087", "title": "Farida Dadi in Kya Huaa Tera Vaada!", "text": "With the hunt on for Vineet's (Darshan Pandya) bride in Balaji Telefilms' Kyaa Huaa Tera Vaada on Sony TV, there is one person who will ensure this happens.And it's not Mona ( Mona Singh ) although she has been extremely helpful and truly wishes Vineet settles down, as seen on last night's episode. Sources inform that the person in question is Farida Dadi who will make her entry on the show as Vineet's grandmother. Her aim is to see her grandson married and is on a mission to find a bride for him. Sources further inform that Farida Dadi's character will be that of a grandmother who is very unusual from the other dadis seen on TV. She will be modern in her outlook and thinking.When contacted, Farida Dadi confirmed the news, \"Yes I will be playing Vineet's grandmother on the show and shooting for the same will either start today or tomorrow\".But with Vineet and Mona's closeness, is there a possibility of Mona being Vineet's bride? Says Darshan Pandya aka Vineet, \"The bride hunt for me is on. If I don't get a good girl, then maybe I'll end up with Mona. But my feelings for her on the show are very confused. I don't know if it's friendship, love or affection. Also Mona needs to feel the same way. Further adding, \"We live in the 21st century, so girls should learn to move on, not only the men\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578441", "title": "Few opt for education in English", "text": "NASHIK: Citizens in rural areas of district made use of the the advantage offered by the Right To Education (RTE) Act to the fullest by securing admissions for available seats in reputed Marathi medium private schools while few opted for English medium institutes.According to education officials at the zilla parishad which monitored parents' demands based on the reservation rule, the district has witnessed an overwhelming response for Marathi medium schools. In 59 English medium private schools with a capacity of 3,273 seats, there were 820 seats available under RTE. The total demand, however, stood at 450 only, the officials said.In 88 Marathi medium private schools with a capacity of 6,264 seats, there were 1,594 seats available under RTE. However, the demand exceeded the quota and 1,912 students were admitted.Speaking to TOI, education officials said that there were a number of schools - especially in urban tehsils including Niphad, Nashik, Yeola, Nandgaon and Trimbakeshwar, which is a tribal area, the figures indicating admissions given under the RTE far exceeded the available seats.The figures from Malegaon tehsil have not yet been received the officials said, adding that there was no demand in Peth tehsil for private Marathi medium schools, the officials added.The maximum number of students benefitting from the RTE quota were in Niphad (260 seats), Nandgaon (227 seats) and Sinnar (259) teshils and all the seats have been filled. Devla (with 50 seats) along with Trimbakeshwar, Kalwan and Yeola stood to be on the lower side on the availability of the seats.The official further said that the most of the applications had to be turned down because students were not residing within the stipulated distance from the school or did not mee the annual income criterial to fall under the economically-weaker section bracket.Education department officials said that data was still not available regarding admissions for students in the kidergarten (KG).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "15584866", "title": "Goshalas come to the rescue of livestock in Belgaum district", "text": "BELGAUM: The government has opened 42 goshalas - the highest ever -- in drought-affected taluks of Belgaum district, housing 40,241 cattle. According to sources in the animal husbandry department, the goshalas will continue to house the livestock for two more months. The move follows delayed monsoon and low percentage of sowing.The government has declared eight taluks of the district as drought-affected, of which five have goshalas. Nineteen goshalas have been opened in Athani taluk alone, considering the gravity of the situation there, while their number in other taluks is as follows: Raibag 10, Chikkodi 8, Hukkeri 3 and Ramdurg 2.Three goshalas were opened at Athani taluk in January. Keeping in view the drought situation, 20 more of them were opened across the district during June and July. One veterinary inspector has been appointed at each goshala to check the animals twice a day. The department has deployed 40 staff in Athani taluk. Vehicles are also being run to deal in emergencies.B S Jambagi, deputy director of animal husbandry department, told TOI that animals of farmers, irrespective of their background, are being provided with fodder and medical care at the goshalas. \"Necessary steps have been taken to tackle problems like scarcity of fodder,\" he said, adding: \"So far, 25,436 metric tonnes of fodder were supplied to the goshalas.\"Housing of over 2,500 livestock under single roof at Madabhavi goshala in Athani taluk itself is a record. Jambagi said that sowing was done in only 6% rain-fed agriculture land in Athani taluk, while it is just o.2 % in Raibag. The sowing percentage is 9 in Savadatti, and 42 each in Gokak and Chikkodi taluks. \"Because of low percentage of sowing, farmers may struggle to get fodder for the next two months. Till then at least, we will continue to take care of livestock at goshalas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578044", "title": "Little sleep and lots of questions", "text": "NEW DELHI: From travelling in chartered planes and German luxury cars to bumping around on the rear bench of a police Gypsy \u2014 it has been a hard landing indeed for Sirsa MLA Gopal Goyal Kanda. And the switch from palatial suites and gourmet food to a 6x6 cell where eight chapatis and arhar daal make up a meal is unlikely to be brief.Kanda's damp cell in the basement of Ashok Vihar police station is lit by an old soot-covered bulb. A blanket serves for a mattress; there are no velvet covers, only used sheets. Guards report seeing him turning sleeplessly through the night.\"He often sits up at night and starts thinking, resting his chin on his hands,\" a source said. He is said to be taking the change without a fuss or demanding favours. He was offered homemade food but turned down the offer, saying he was happy eating daal-roti.Nonetheless, he is not pleasant company during the daily questioning that starts around 7am and goes on till 11.30pm.\"He seems to be cranky when he wakes up. That is probably due to the mosquitoes and bedbugs irritating him at night. We light a repellent at night, though,\" said the source. A table fan whirrs outside the lockup ever since Kanda complained of sudden sweating during questioning. However, a cooler provided earlier has been removed. A diabetic, he forgot to take his medicines on Saturday. His blood pressure is said to have shot up as police asked him around 100 questions, attacking the same point from different angles, in different words.However, his passivity disappears on familiar turf. On Sunday, during a visit to the MDLR office with police, Kanda showered, changing into a clean shirt, ate home food and sprayed on perfume. But such indulgences are nothing compared to the life he led over the last many years. Shanti Kunj, his palatial farmhouse on the Gurgaon-Faridabad road, has a discotheque, bar and a huge swimming pool. Guests recall seeing nearly a dozen women bartenders at the farmhouse and senior leaders, including some sitting MLAs and bureaucrats. Only VIPs and people close to him were invited to his Friday parties, said a cop.Kanda looked grumpy when a special team of Delhi Police, including cyber cell officers, accompanied him to his farmhouse in the Gwala Pahari area of Faridabad, the MDLR office and Park Plaza hotel in Sushant Lok, Gurgaon, on Monday. He was smiling on his way out, however. Although police recovered the papers Geetika was reportedly being forced to sign just before she committed suicide, not much is expected to come of the raids as these places have already been cleaned up, police say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577972", "title": "Gutka worth Rs 4L seized from railway warehouse", "text": "MUMBAI: The government railway police's (GRP) crime branch, in a joint operation with WR officials, seized gutka worth Rs 4.23 lakh recently. The sale of gutka and paan masala is banned in the state.According to the police, the gutka consignment arrived in the city on the Firozpur-Janta Express from Vapi in Gujarat. \"It was kept in the Mumbai Central railway warehouse. We received a tip-off and raided the warehouse on Thursday,\" said a GRP officer.\"The consignment had a legitimate bill which stated that it contained plastic goods. An FIR will be filed after an analysis of the gutka samples is complete,\" the officer said. No arrests have been made yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15583495", "title": "Ailing discoms to get financial boost", "text": "MANGALORE: Union minister for power Veerappa Moily has favoured rolling out of restructuring package for power distribution companies (discoms). \"This (course of action) is inevitable given that majority of discoms across India are facing financial crunch of varying degrees,\" Moily said adding this is why a cabinet note is under circulation.\"This will help the ministry take the matter early to the cabinet and get clearance there,\" he added. Addressing reporters here on Sunday, Moily said all discoms should start functioning viably. There are states where power is produced, but there are no takers, because the states cannot pay and in some case bills are pending for varying periods. \"In such a scenario, it does not become viable to produce power,\" Moily said adding that stringent (restructuring) conditions will be imposed on the states as part of the plan to ensure viability.Hinting that one of the conditions that could be imposed as part of the plan is directing discoms to revise tariff periodically.\"The states dither to act on this aspect since it is a politically incorrect decision to take at most times. We do not want to provide restructuring package and see discoms again slip in to the red on account of decisions that do not make financial sense and power tariffs must match power procurement costs,\" he added. Another power sector reform is mooted to use IT solutions to cut down on transmission and distribution losses, the national average of which is 27%. \"This varies from 12.5% in few states to as high as 70% in other states,\" Moily said and added that under the mooted reforms, power ministry wants to reduce the losses seven per cent in towns and cities and more acceptable 12% in rural areas. \"Reduction in this loss is power saved,\" he said.Acknowledging that most private power producers are facing problem of coal shortage, Moily said his ministry is keen to ensure that producers do not face coal linkage issues. \"In areas where it is difficult to establish such coal linkages, the ministry is in favour of promoting gas based power projects. One such power project is coming up in the state, with gas being brought from Dabhol and Kochi,\" Moily added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune/satara", "code": "15579850", "title": "11-year-old swept away at waterfall untraced", "text": "PUNE/SATARA: A team of Satara police, residents of Chikhali village and some trekkers of Sahyadri group who searched throughout Monday for 11-year-old Sakshi Ravindra Pawar were unsuccessful. Professional divers were likely to join the search on Tuesday.The girl from Pune's NMV Girls' High School was swept away by the gushing waters of the Thoseghar waterfall in Satara on Sunday afternoon. She was feared drowned.On Sunday, 13 members of the Pawar family from Pune had gone picnicking to Satara. Around 12.30 pm, they went to the top of the waterfall. Sakshi's uncle Arvind Pawar took her near the waterfall to click photographs.At that instant, both lost their balance on the slippery ground and were swept away by the water. Other picnickers grabbed hold of Pawar and tried to save Sakshi, but the heavy water flow took her along.The Satara police had tried to trace Sakshi till late Sunday night, but were hampered by heavy rain. They halted the search after darkness fell.Additional superintendent of Satara police Amol Tambe, who visited the spot on Monday, told TOI that the search operation resumed on Monday morning. Police inspector of Satara taluka police station Shrirang Langhe, police sub-inspector Pravin Patil and their team searched from the brink of the waterfall till its base. \"We could not trace the body,\" Tambe said.He said the 1,000 ft waterfall flows into the valley for about two km. \"We took the help of Chikhali villagers near Thoseghar and searched the valley,\" Tambe said. He met Sakshi's parents who were helping them. \"Her father told me that five minutes of negligence cost them their child,\" Tambe added.(with inputs from Atul Deshpande)Fashion designer's body foundThe Lonavla city police on Monday afternoon found the body of Thane-based fashion designer Rixon D'Souza, who had drowned in the waters of Tungarli dam on Sunday afternoon. D'Souza and his friend had gone to Lonavla on Sunday for a picnic. D'Souza, after entering the water, lost his breath and drowned, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15579105", "title": "CBI gets govt nod to access information of arms dealer Abhishek Verma\u2019s front companies", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI's judicial request to get details of financial transactions of a Swiss defence firm and Ganton, who are suspected to be front companies of alleged arms dealer Abhishek Verma, has been cleared by the government. The visit of CBI's team to the USA to record the statement of estranged business associate of Verma, C Edmond Allen, has also been cleared, CBI sources said.After getting nod of the legal and treaties division of the ministry of external affairs (MEA), the agency would soon send Letters Rogatory (LRs) to the US and Switzerland to get financial transactions of Rheinmetall Air Defence AG (RAD), which had allegedly paid $5.30 lakh to Verma to stop the blacklisting proceedings initiated by the ministry of defence (MoD) against it, they said.The money was allegedly routed through the accounts of Ganton USA that is headed by Allen, CBI sources said.They said a team of officials would also go for quick processing of LRs to record Allen's statement in connection with the case. The agency is waiting for a formal complaint from MoD to register new case under the violation of the Officials Secrets Act that may involve Verma.The agency has received a tranche of documents from Allen believed to be given to him by Verma that carried some sensitive procurement plans of the Indian Air Force (IAF). Verma has, however, refuted the allegations. \"So far, we have in chart form the documents which are secret as per the definition of the Official Secrets Act, but it is not yet clear whether the documents are in public domain,\" an official said. Sources said after getting the complaint from the MoD, which is likely to come through next week, the agency would decide whether to name Verma in the case or book unknown persons because the documents were not recovered from his possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577838", "title": "New name for Rajesh Khanna\u2019s home", "text": "MUMBAI: The late actor Rajesh Khanna's daughters Twinkle and Rinke have renamed his Ashirwaad bungalow to Vardaan Ashirwaad.A source close to the family said, \"There is a new board outside the house. Kakaji had got the name made in silver lettering. The same font has been used for Vardaan which has been prefixed before Ashirwaad.''Dimple Kapadia, who is looking after her mother in hospital, was not available for comment. But Anita Advani, who claims to be Khanna's long-time companion, is upset over renaming of the bungalow. She told TOI, \"Ashirwaad was synonymous with his name. Kakaji's father had given the name as he felt whenever anybody writes to his son, he would benefit as Ashirwaad means blessing. But the family has spoilt the name. It hurts me to see that his wishes are not being respected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578632", "title": "Monkeys turn up 'uninvited' into Kalakshetra colony", "text": "CHENNAI: When Durga Shankar, a resident of Kalakshetra colony, stepped into her kitchen to check on the food in her microwave, she was surprised to find two visitors on her kitchen counter. The monkeys, who were chewing on a fruit, had turned the kitchen tap on by mistake. The minute they heard Durga say 'shoo', they scooted.In the last couple of days, residents on Beach Road have been noticing monkeys in their area. While they say they don't have a problem with the animals being in their area, they are afraid of the animals entering their houses.Kamala Ravikumar, another resident of Kalakshetra colony says she did not mind seeing the monkeys on the trees in her compound, but has been living like a prisoner ever since. \"Once I heard they enter houses, I have kept all my windows and doors closed,\" she said.Residents are also scared that their maids or children might end up provoking the monkeys. \"On Sunday, we heard our maid screaming for help, but we did not know what to do. A few months back, another maid tried to scare away a monkey with a broom, but the monkey started making noises,\" says Chrysteal Easdon, another resident.Residents say forest department officials have not helped despite repeated phone calls. \"We tried calling them, but since it was a Sunday no one turned up and the monkeys left,\" says Kamala. \"We do not want the monkeys to be harmed. We just want them moved to a forest area,\" she said. There are reports that there has been a sudden increase in the number of monkeys spotted in parts of Gandhi Nagar, Velachery and Kotturpuram.Animal rights activists say it is food waste dumped on roads that attract monkeys. Dawn Williams, general manager of Blue Cross of India says should be ignored because they get provoked easily. The best way to react to a monkey is to ignore them for a few minutes and wait for them to leave.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "15577109", "title": "Rajahmundry jail in relocation row", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: The 150-year-old Rajahmundry Central Jail, a heritage structure, is under threat. With some politicians proposing shifting of the jail some 30km away to Mallisala in Jaggampet mandal, land sharks have set their eyes on the precious 200-acre plot on which the jail stands. With an acre of land fetching as much as Rs 5 crore in the area, the huge land pool, according to those following developments, is a goldmine for the real estate mafia.Somu Veerraju of the BJP said that the proposal, put forward by Congress leaders, to build a housing colony for the poor on what is at present jail land was an eyewash. \"They are in cahoots with land sharks to gobble up the land and use it for commercial purposes,\" Veerraju charged. Even dalits have come out against the demand to have the jail moved to Mallisala, the area where they have been residents for several decades, and have threatened to launch an agitation against any move to evict them.Opposition leaders ridiculed the proposal by Congress MP Vundavalli Arunkumar and MLA Routu Surya Prakasa Rao who are pitching to have the jail shifted. It was pointed out that several housing ventures for the poor proposed in the past were yet to see the light of the day. Sources said that the new proposal included setting apart of 20 acres of land for a sport stadium, 120 acres for the new campus of Nannayya University with the rest of the land going towards providing housing for the poor. The jail is located in the Lalacheruvu area.\"What happened to the varsity campus at Velugubanda in Rajanagaram mandal where a sizeable plot of land was allotted five years back. They did not develop that project and are eyeing the prime property in the heart of the city in order to land huge commissions,\" charged Telugu Yuvatha leader Ganni Krishna.\"Some leaders are desperately trying to get the prison relocated for their selfish ends,\" Amalapuram MP Harsha Kumar told TOI. The historical facility accommodates 1,374 prisoners, including lifers, extremists and hardcore criminals and has an open air prison as well.\"Where is the need to construct a new jail by displacing dalits from Mallisala village? Even if it is my party colleagues who want a new jail constructed, I will fight the proposal,\" Harsha warned. One of the oldest and biggest prisons in the state, the Rajahmundry Central Prison opened in 1864 after the British converted a 16th century Dutch fort to house convicts. Recently, a hospital, modern kitchen and new barracks for the inmates have come up in the jail along with an administrative building. \"Seven new barracks have been added; we have no idea about any plans to shift the jail,\" said jail superintendent Newton.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15582431", "title": "Subsidy boost for solar power systems in homes", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If you are upset with frequent power cuts and increasing power bills, then go for solar energy. Opting for electrification through solar energy will not only ensure better electricity supply but also bring relief from load shedding.The Odisha Renewable Energy Development Agency (OREDA) is encouraging this option by providing subsidy for installing the home solar power system.\"The home solar power system is fast catching up in the city due to its long-term benefits, affordability and solution to frequent power cuts. Presently those who install one MW power plant, the cost of energy will be Rs 7 per unit. But within a year it will be at par with the electricity bills. The government is providing subsidy for installing the power plants,\" said OREDA deputy director (technical) B K Swain.B K Tripathy of Samantarapur, who has installed an one KW capacity solar photovoltaic power plant on his rooftop, said \"After its installation, I have not experienced any power disruptions and my electricity consumption, through the conventional EB source, has come down perceptibly. Many in my locality have now evinced interest to shift to solar power.\" \"The reliability of power supply and the contribution towards environment protection are the factors that encouraged me to consider solar power. I have managed to save four to five units of power daily,\" he adds.For one kilowatt power plant the capital cost was Rs. 2.5 lakh and the consumer's cost is Rs. 1.7 lakh after the subsidy of Rs 80,000. There is a person in the city who has installed a seven KW power plant with huge subsidy from the government, Swain said.The solar power supply system is quite successful in interior areas of the state where electricity has not reached so far. \"We have installed solar power plants in more than 400 villages of the state. During the day, the power plant light the house and during night, the converter takes over and powers the house by drawing power from the batteries,\" said Prasant Panigrahi of Gayatri Solar, a company that installs these systems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15577557", "title": "VVS Laxman: India's loss is Hyderabad's gain", "text": "CHENNAI: The Hyderabad cricket team is excited. With VVS Laxman now available for the coming Ranji Trophy season, the players hope to build on his inspired presence as they eye the coveted national crown.While international bowling attacks can heave a sigh of relief that the man who drove them to despair has retired, bowlers on the domestic circuit will begin to worry.For, the last time Laxman played a full season, in 1999-00, he tallied 1415 runs, which is still the record for most runs in a Ranji Trophy season. That year, Hyderabad rode on the strength of Laxman's willow before losing to a star-studded Mumbai in the final. The southern powerhouse has not made it to the final since.\"It is great news for the team that Laxman bhai will be playing this full season,\" said Hyderabad batsman Ravi Teja , currently in Chennai representing Hyderabad Cricket Association in the all-India Buchi Babu invitation tournament.Laxman's international commitments for 16 seasons had curbed his availability for domestic cricket. Earlier this month Laxman had turned out for HCA in the Safi Darashah tournament in Mysore where he hit a sublime 169 against KSCA President's XI. \"His presence lifts the team and has a huge impact on the opposition as well,\" said Teja, a senior member of the Hyderabad side.\"Athough Laxman bhai's international retirement took us all by surprise, his decision to play in the forthcoming Ranji Trophy season did not. Laxman bhai had told us that he intended to contribute to the Hyderabad team with his presence and experience is certain to lift us and we are excited about it,\" said Teja.Hyderabad lost to Punjab in a low-scoring quarterfinal in the Ranji Trophy last season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "15577013", "title": "Railways to make surprise checks of tracks and trains", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Waking up to the deadly fire of the Tamil Nadu Express that claimed 30 passengers' lives last month, the Vijayawada railway authorities have decided to conduct surprise night inspections of tracks and trains.Divisional railway manager (DRM) Pradeep Kumar said all the senior officials would take part in the night inspections. \"We will leave no stone unturned to ensure the safety of the passengers,\" Kumar said.He added that a regular review of the developmental activities would be done on a weekly basis.Kumar said night patrolling on all the tracks would be intensified and divisional-level officers would be visiting the tracks during night to verify whether the patrolling was in order. \"All the coaches including reserved, unreserved and parcel coaches would be thoroughly inspected to check the transport of dangerous and inflammable material,\" he said.He said that a new satellite station would be developed at Rayanapadu soon in order to reduce the traffic pressure on the Vijayawada main station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15576535", "title": "Dronacharya award: 58 names in running", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two days after the names of athletes for the Arjuna awards and Khel Ratna were announced, the focus now shifts to the Dronacharya award. The 15-member awards panel, headed by former hockey captain Aslam Sher Khan, meets on Tuesday to decide on the names who would be honoured as India's best coaches.With 58 applications from 18 disciplines to be discussed, it remains to be seen if the committee will stick to the tradition of naming five awardees or increase the awards like the Arjuna award, which was increased to 25 from last year's 19, since this is an Olympic year.Among those who have applied for the award are names like Yashvir Singh (wrestling) who has mentored Olympic medalists Sushil Kumar and Yogeshwar Dutt , Enrico Piperno (tennis), Raju Tandon (cricket), Virendra Poonia (athletics) who has trained discus thrower Krishna Poonia , GS Randhawa (athletics), Nandan Bal (tennis) and former India hockey coach Harendra Singh. It's obvious that the committee will not have it easy when it sits down to pick the awardees.\"There are 58 applications from 18 disciplines. Athletics alone has 11 applications,\" a top source in the Sports Authority of India (SAI) told TOI on Monday. The award comprises a bronze statuette of Dronacharya, a scroll of honour and Rs 500,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15577151", "title": "Set aside land for plantation: HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stressing on the need to protect the common property resources of villages, justice L Narasimha Reddy of the high court has directed the district collector of Chittoor to instruct tehsildars to earmark 1% of the total land in a village or 10 acres of land for grazing and plantation purposes.The court also asked the principal secretary, revenue, to consider the feasibility of implementing this directive across the state. The judge passed this order after hearing a writ plea filed by Ch Veeraiah of Chittoor district who urged the court to safeguard 11 acres of public land that was being used as a common property resource (CPR) in Chenakavaripalle village of Sodum mandal.The judge directed the authorities against alienating public land to any party and asked them to put in place protective measures around the land. The authorities were directed to file their replies within four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579089", "title": "2 bikes torched after alleged eve-teasing", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Two bikes were torched near CTM on Monday afternoon after an alleged eve-teasing incident. The city police rounded up the riders late in the night.According to Ramol police officials, they got a message from the city police control room about the incident. \"The incident took place at Radhika Park Society near Ahmedabad-Vadodara expressway at 12.30 pm,\" said a Ramol police official. \"Two bikes were torched using petrol from the tanks. When we questioned the residents living in the area, we got to know that the bikes belonged to three youths who fled from the spot.\"Sources said that some youths were passing by and allegedly tried to tease a local girl. When citizens saw the incident, they pursued the group. The youths fled from the spot fearing a public beating as the irate mob torched the bikes. tnn\"We have identified the bikers as residents of Isanpur and questioning is underway to determine what had happened,\" said the official. \"If they are found guilty, a case will be registered against them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15578295", "title": "Six held for kidnapping businessman", "text": "GHAZIABAD: With the arrest of six people, police have claimed to bust an abduction case of a Ghaziabad-based businessman. The victim was abducted on August 3 and released after paying a ransom of Rs 35 lakh. In a joint operation of UP special task force ( UPSTF) and UP police, the accused, including two women, were arrested from Bamheta near NH-24 on Sunday.Industrialist Puneet Aggarwal was abducted and kept him at Dayanatpur village in Babugarh area on NH-24. The police later had registered an FIR in this connection at Kavi Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577807", "title": "Woman gatecrasher at Salman's Eid get-together thrown out", "text": "MUMBAI: A young woman, in her twenties, who gatecrashed at Salman Khan's Eid get-together at his residence in Bandra on Monday night, was asked to leave the party.The actor's business manager Reshma Shetty took away the woman's mobile and tablet before ordering her out.A witness present outside the actor's house said, \"The woman came out and started hurling abuses at the manager asking her to return her mobile and TAB.\"The woman is learnt to have clicked about 72 photographs and shot about 30 minutes of video on her phone.Some witnesses said that she may be working for some media house but there was no clarity on that.Salman Khan on Monday had many visitors at his residence including Katrina Kaif who flew down from Ladakh to wish the actor and celebrate the success of their film Ek Tha Tiger.Some of the other guests at Salman's residence were Sonakshi Sinha, Preity Zinta , Sanjay Dutt, Sanjay Kapoor, Chunky Pandey, Boney Kapoor and Arjun Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15578407", "title": "Police to seek custody of Palanisamy", "text": "MADURAI: District police are planning to seek custody of P Palanisamy, shareholder of PRP Granites and Exports, who had been remanded in judicial custody till August 31. Palanisamy surrendered to police on Saturday after evading arrest for about two weeks and the police questioned him for a day before producing him before the judicial magistrate on Sunday. Palanisamy has since been locked up in Palayamkottai prison after he was remanded in judicial custody.Under these circumstances, the district police are now planning to take him into their custody for further interrogation. According to police sources, he had been refuting all the charges filed against him during the earlier interrogation and he had to be inquired further on various points.Madurai SP, V Balakrishnan said that several points had to be clarified with him by the police. \"We are planning to seek him under police custody to clarify certain points. We need to interrogate him further for more evidences especially the factors like the link between Palanisamy and the government officials and the land brokers as well as deaths occurred in the granite quarries,\" he said. The police will be filing their petition in a short time, seeking custody of Palanisamy, the sources added.District police have filed another case against PRP Granites on Sunday at the Keelavalavu police station. Keelavalavu VAO, Parthiban filed a case with the police on charges of illegal granite mining and damage to public property. Police sources said that they have filed a case against PRP Granites and Exports under Section 447 (Criminal Trespass), Section 379 (Theft), Section 406 (Criminal Breach of Trust) and Section 420 (Cheating).Sections under Tamil Nadu Property (Prevention of Damage and Loss) Act and Mines Act were also slapped against the company, the police said. Police also filed a case on Saturday at Keelavalavu Police station based on the complaint from E Malampatti VAO, Mohammed Ali under the same sections with the names of Palanisamy and his sons and others as the accused in FIR.Meanwhile, a detailed inspection of the goods carriers operated by his granite company in this district revealed that 30 trucks were operated allegedly without any formal registration certificate or number, officials said. All the vehicles had been seized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577653", "title": "Mobile users complain of network congestion", "text": "MUMBAI: Sameer Hussain of Bandra wanted to send Eid wishes to at least 25 friends and relatives, but was able to contact only a few of them on Monday as there was heavy congestion in the mobile network.With cellphone users unable to send too many SMSs at the same time due to a government order, there has been a spurt in the number of calls. This, in turn, has led to congestion over the past three days.\"On Saturday, I could not call up some of my friends, whom I religiously contact every Navroz, or send them SMSs. Some of my other friends experienced the same thing when they tried to send Eid wishes on Monday,\" said Z Irani, a Dadar resident.The government had ordered curbs on sending SMSs in a bid to prevent the circulation of rumours and hate messages in the wake of the ethnic violence in Assam.For the next 11 days, cellphone users would not be able to send more than five SMSs/MMSs a day, carrying not more than 25 KB of data. The government had initially asked telecom operators not to allow consumers to send more than five SMSs/MMSs at one go, but later changed it to five a day. This led to a lot of confusion on Saturday and Sunday.There was some confusion on Monday, too, as many postpaid users said they were able to send multiple SMSs at one go while others said they were unable to send more than five in the entire day.The curbs on SMSs have led to a rise in the number of calls. This, in turn, has led to another problem. \"Consumers have resorted to frequent calling instead of SMSing so that they do not cross the quota of five a day, which they may need during an emergency. As this is the season of festivals, the high volume of calls has virtually jammed the network,\" said Achintya Mukherjee of the Bombay Telephone Users' Association.\"Normally, a consumer is allowed to send 200 SMSs a day. Bringing the quota down to just five has left people almost handicapped,\" said Arnav Shetty, who works with a PR agency.Mobile operators, however, denied that there was any congestion in the network. They also claimed that there was no confusion regarding the SMS limit on Monday and the government directive was being implemented without any glitches.The operators clarified that unused SMSs would not be carried forward to the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578117", "title": "RTR: Don\u2019t blame us for PWD\u2019s blunders", "text": "The newspaper has run 17 articles on the subject of the RTR flyover which have only served the purpose of covering up the blunders of the PWD by portraying it as a fight between so-called \"influential people\" and the public at large. Nothing is further from the truth.The original contract was awarded to Afcons for a single carriageway for RTR without any engagement with the residents of Vasant Vihar.Subsequently, when the plans were known, the residents of Vasant Vihar (including Palam Marg) and its neighbouring colony, West End, consistently demanded the flyover be built on cantilevers to increase surface road widths. This was rejected at the time by PWD stating that the tender had already been awarded. DDA also confirmed that only single carriageway flyovers were constructed at T junctions - Savitri Cinema, Punjabi Bagh, etc.In fact, PWD never followed its own original plan. UTTIPEC approved the extension of the RTR flyover till Malai Mandir on 20.3.2009 prior to the construction. PWD did not comply despite it being approved by the governing body of UTTIPEC under the chairmanship of the LG. Also, they unilaterally removed four underpasses and nine subways causing great inconvenience to local traffic and to pedestrians, respectively. This proposal was never opposed by any resident of Palam Marg.We take strong objection to being made scapegoats for the blunders of the PWD and would like to state that we are in full agreement with the stand taken by Vasant Vihar RWA on the flyover. We hope this sets the record straight.Sanam Harbakhsh Singh, Harmala Gupta, Aroon Purie, Karan Thapar, V. Ranjit Khosla, Rekha Khosla, Mahesh Bhagchandka, V.K.Jain, Rajiv Gupta, Dr. Ranbir Sud, Shahid Mahdi, P.K.Shrivastava, R.P. Khosla, Gurpreet Bindra (Owners/Residents of Palam Marg, Vasant Vihar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15583068", "title": "Endosulfan victims seek divine intervention", "text": "MANGALORE: Unable to bear the suffering and the muted response of the state government, the endosulfan victims have now sought divine intervention.Not all of the 28,000 post cards which were sent to Chief Minister Jagadish Shettar's office as part of the campaign launched by Endosulfan Virodhi Horatha Samithi, Kokkada on August 2 this year to highlight the plight of the victims of endosulfan, have reached his office. Some have been posted to Lord Ganesh at the Southadka Sri Mahaganapathy Temple, Kokkada and Ullalthi Daivasthana at Boodujaalu. ``We cannot bear the suffering. Please end our woes else give politicians the wisdom to understand our suffering and help us get relief.''Sridhar Gowda, president of the samithi told TOI: The above two temples have been sent post cards from my village. Victims from other villages have sent it to their nearby temples.'' Some of the victims have even demanded CM euthanasia - if he cannot grant them relief.Gowda says: Children from the age of two years to 26 are bed ridden. If they are granted relief experts say they will be able to live at least for another 30-40 years. The government should end their suffering or relieve it.In 2010 February about 211 families got Rs 50,000 as relief based on their disability in the villages of Kokkada, Patrame and Nidle in Belthangady taluk. There are about 6,000 victims in the 92 villages of Sullia, Belthangady, Puttur and Bantwal, with maximum villages affected being in Puttur taluk at 31. Giving a picture of the gravity of the situation, Gowda said the Mardala Bethany Special School has 56 children from Bilinele and Kutrupady, between the age group of 9-13 affected by endosulfan. There are than 40 who have not been sent to the school because of various reasons. Gowda demanded Kerala model of rehabilitation to be implemented by the state here.NHRC on December 31, 2010 recommended that Kerala government pay at least Rs 5 lakh each to the next of kin of those who had died, and those who were bed-ridden or unable to move without help or were mentally retarded, and also pay Rs 3 lakh each to those who had other disabilities. It was further recommended that a panel of doctors assess the extent of physical disability to classify the victims. The Kerala government had agreed to pay endosulfan victims Rs 3 lakh in two installments of Rs 1.5 lakh each. The balance amount of Rs 2 lakh will be considered as a deposit and the beneficiaries would be given a monthly assistance of Rs 2,000 each for a period of five years. The deposited amount of Rs 2 lakh will be returned to the beneficiary after two years.As regards payment of Rs. 3 lakh to disabled persons, the Commission agreed with the State government's submission that as the first step, Rs. 2 lakh would be disbursed in two instalments. Rs. 1 lakh would be treated as deposit, and the beneficiaries given a monthly assistance of Rs. 1000 for five years, equal to the return of the solatium amount. After five years, Rs. 1 lakh would be returned to the beneficiaries as a lump sum.When district in charge minister CR Ravi had visited the city recently, he espoused empathy to the feelings of victims affected by endosulphan in the district. Ravi had said the state government has made a definitive beginning in helping them in all possible ways and means. He admitted he was not aware of Kerala model of rehabilitation sought by the victims, assuring the state government will take a humanitarian view of the man made problem and try to provide the victims best possible deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576439", "title": "Power cut jolt brings Andhra Pradesh Inc to grinding halt", "text": "HYDERABAD: After having suffered nearly a year of acute power shortages, Andhra Pradesh Inc got a shock of its life this weekend when the state government completely switched off power supply to industries across the state, irrespective of category, from Friday onwards.AP Transco has instructed its officials to stop power supply for industrial feeders of 11 KV and above till further orders and has warned its officials that any deviation from the instructions would be viewed seriously. What is more shocking is that the latest round of power holidays has been implemented without any official communication to industries.The latest crisis is understood to have been triggered by the shutdown of 500 MW supply each from Vijayawada Thermal Power Station and National Thermal Power Corporation's Ramagundam plant last week and pressure on government to supply uninterrupted power to domestic consumers, especially in the Old City area, in view of Ramzan. The state is already facing a shortfall of 1400 MW due to shortage of gas supply even as two units (210 MW each) of Rayalaseema Thermal Power Station were only restored on Sunday. Needless to say, the unexpected shock dealt by the indefinite 100% power shutdown, has industrialists and workers up in arms and has the state staring at the prospect of a massive industrial unrest and flight of capital to other states. Industry was already being subjected to three days-a-week power holidays, which works out to 12 days of power holidays in a month.While several workers in Industrial Development Areas (IDAs) like Mallapur, Nacharam and Patancheru staged dharnas on Sunday, industries are now seriously resorting to drastic lay-offs to stay afloat. And it's not just daily wagers, who number around 10 lakh across AP, but even regular employees in various units have been intimated of a possible termination if the power problem is not resolved soon.\"Industry is suffering an estimated daily loss of about Rs 257 crore. Given the situation, it is but obvious that employee strength has to be slashed. The latest power crisis is like a death blow for the industry,\" said Devender Surana, president, FAPCCI, pointing out that the state was seeing a major exodus of manufacturing units to states like Chhattisgarh and Gujarat that have better power supplies.Pointing out that there has been no movement of industry to AP since September 15 last year, he said. \"Who will want to set shop here when the government cannot assure us when the power situation is likely to improve?\"Confederation of Indian Industry Andhra Pradesh chairperson Suchitra Ella slammed the state government for the extreme hardship caused to the industrial fraternity by the 100% power cut situation and termed it as \"unacceptable\". \"We are aware that the state is reeling under power crisis. However, it is to be noted that industrial production is critical for running the economy and hence it is important to prioritize power supply to the industry\" she said. According to Anil Reddy, chairman, AP Plastic Manufacturers' Association, the plastic industry alone employs nearly 5 lakh people, of which 20-25% are daily wagers whose services have already been terminated. \"In all small units, employees have been told to be prepared for a massive lay-off drive. The bigger units too are toying with the idea,\" said Reddy.Considering the steep rise in late delivery charges that industries in AP have to cough up to customers for missing deadlines due to interrupted production, Ravi Surana, executive director of Golconda Engineering Enterprise Ltd said he was not sure just how long he can keep his workforce intact. \"We spend about Rs 15 lakh a month on salaries. If there is a complete shutdown, there is no way we can afford to keep paying our workers,\" said Surana, adding that the situation was much the same for all the 150 units dotting the Nacharam-Uppal-Mallapur industrial belt.The textiles and paper industries share the same plight. \"We have removed all daily wagers from our units in Shadnagar and Chandrayangutta. We have also shelved plans of starting a new unit in the city,\" said Vijay Anand Kraft Paper Pvt Ltd's co-partner Anand Agarwal, whose family is also in the business of textiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578104", "title": "Capital emerges as hub of fake notes racket", "text": "NEW DELHI: The capital seems to have become the favorite haunt for counterfeiters. In the first six months of 2012, the security agencies have recovered fake currency with a face value of over Rs 4.15 crore against last year's Rs 4.08 crore. In 2009 and 2010, the recoveries amounted to Rs 3.27 crore and Rs 3.01 crore, states Reserve Bank of India ( RBI) while replying to an RTI application filed by activist S C Aggarwal.The data shows that since last year, Delhi has been emerging as the main hub of fake currency circulation, replacing earlier key areas like Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal.The dire situation is also reflected in a recent directive of Delhi Police commissioner Neeraj Kumar that called for immediate measures to stop smuggling of fake currency into the capital.Sources in the special cell of Delhi Police point out that not only is the quality of notes, mostly from across the border, \"very fine\", the recoveries, too, always cross over a few lakhs. \"That explains why we have registered over 38 cases last year compared to 258 in Maharashtra and still recovered more fakes. This year, we have registered 18 cases and recovered fakes with a face value of Rs 4.15 crore as compared to UP that has recovered Rs 13.9 crore of fakes from 69 hauls,\" an officer said.\"The data shows that UP and Bengal are the most favoured routes to bring fake currency to the capital,\" he said.Keeping an eye on the increasing flow of fake currency, the special cell and the National Investigation Agency (NIA) are working to track down the source, key operatives and the route of the fake notes circulation in the country.In January, following synchronized operations along with different state agencies and BSF, NIA arrested 14 people, including two main operatives of the racket. The arrest of Morgen Hossain and Rakib Seikh from Malda's Kaliachak in West Bengal strengthened NIA's claim that all the fake notes circulated in India were printed in Pakistan and smuggled through Bangladesh and Nepal.Interrogation of the duo led to the arrest of Imran and Jenab, who are from Muzaffarnagar, with fake notes with a face value of Rs 9.85 lakh. They told the security agencies that one Iqbal Kana, also from Muzaffarnagar, is a master counterfeiter who has fled to Pakistan.Kana, sources said, used to receive consignments from one Mohammad Ashraf in Dubai. Either readymade fake notes or currency papers and printing equipment first reach Dubai from Pakistan and are then sent to India. If not made in Pakistan, racketeers usually print the fake notes in either Nepal or Bangladesh, sources said.NIA sources said the Bangladesh-based unit circulates more than 70% of the fake notes, taking advantage of the country's porous border with West Bengal.A few operatives arrested by the special cell and Kolkata Police's special task force said a man from Bangladesh controls the supply from Dhaka. \"He targets the construction workers in India who are trusted with the fakes to reach north, south and west India,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15584125", "title": "Bharata's Natya Shastra to be digitized soon", "text": "MYSORE: Natyam bhinna ruche bahujana yekam samaradhane (a drama should serve the needs and tastes of variety of people), says the sage Bharata who authored Natya Shashtra (treatise on drama) in 200 BC. The Oriental Research Institute in Mysore, the country's biggest and oldest manuscript research library, has decided to digitalize and publish it as a book. It's also publishing Sharada Tilaka, a treatise on astrology, and Jaganatha Vijay Kavyam, a 200-year-old handwritten book on grammar.So far, Natya Shashtra has been published in various languages but only in parts. ORI decided to scan the manuscripts, transcribe, translate, digitalize and print it in its original form. \"It'll be the first book containing contents of all manuscripts penned by sage Bharata,\" said ORI director Vidhwan Shivakumar Swamy, himself a Sanskrit pundit, adding that University of Mysore, of which ORI is an integral part, has sanctioned Rs 1 lakh for each book.Shivakumar Swamy said the three books are special in their own domain. \"While Natya Shashtra is unbeatable in extensively describing the contents, actions and looks of a drama, Jaganatha Vijay Kavyam written by Venka Mathya, a Kannada writer who lived during the 18th century, is unmatchable in narrating the basic features and contents of grammar in slokas (poetic form),\" he said. He declined to comment on why these two treatises had not been published yet though they were with ORI for many years. As for Sharada Tilaka, Shivakumara Swamy said it describes astrology and its practices in more detail than any other book. Written in Tigalari script by an anonymous person in the 7th or 8th century, it throws light on astrology and helps people study it in a scientific way.Shivakumara Swamy appreciated the interest shown by the vice-chancellor in ORI's work and said the UoM syndicate has sanctioned Rs 90,000 to hold a two day conference of heads of manuscript libraries in the country and researchers in the field. \"This will help understanding problems faced in preserving manuscripts - the treasure of Indian knowledge in various fields -and measures which need to be taken to overcome them,\" he added. The US government has released $50,000 for renovation of ORI this February but UoM is yet to take action on it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15579069", "title": "Couple gets jail for assaulting neighbour", "text": "PANAJI: A judicial magistrate first class court at Panaji recently convicted and sentenced a couple to undergo imprisonment for a period of one month for voluntarily causing hurt to a woman living in a neighbouring flat at Ribandar in 2010.According to the prosecution, on June 11, 2010, the accused, Bramanand Gawas, and his wife Sheela criminally trespassed Prasheela Kushawa's flat and assaulted her with 'dandas', causing her simple injuries.Judge Sarika N Fal Dessai held the accused guilty under Section 452 ( house trespass) and Section 323 (voluntarily causing hurt) of IPC. The court sentenced the duo on both counts to undergo simple imprisonment for a period of month and asked each of them to also pay a fine of 1,000 each. Both the substantive sentences will run concurrently.While sentencing the accused, the court observed thus: \"The fact that the accused persons came to the flat of the informant is established by the informant. Merely denying the case of the prosecution does not shake the credential value of a witness. There is no circumstance projected by the accused that such an incident had not taken place.\"The court also held that the benefit of the probation of the Offenders Act cannot be granted to the accused. \"The accused no.1 (Bramanand) is also said to be the only earning member of the family and hence a heavy fine also will not meet the ends of justice. But as the informant has suffered injuries as established by the informant then, some fine by way of compensation for the injury by reasons of the act has to be given,\" the court noted.During the hearing of the case, the testimony of the victim was corroborated by her husband Ramesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578855", "title": "Howrah station turns into mini-northeast", "text": "KOLKATA: Thousands of northeastern people got off cramped up trains coming from Bengaluru, Chennai and Pune at Howrah station on Monday and started preparing for the next journey back home. More than the weariness of the journey, fear and uncertainty were evident on their faces. While some squatted on the railway platform, some thronged the ticket counters to enquire about the availability of tickets. The station resembled a mini northeast.Meren, a BPO employee in Bengaluru, had spent two days near the toilet of an overcrowded train. On Monday, he was busy settling a deal with a tout right in front of the Howrah GRP to get a reservation on Kamrup Express. He paid Rs 2700 for three tickets and finally managed to get a seat. His friend Mark, an IT student originally from Nagaland, was trying to find out if Kolkata was a safe city. The 20-year-old said, \"This was the worst experience of my life. I am considering the option of studying in Kolkata. I do not want to be driven out of a city again.\"Besides those hailing from northeast, people from Bengal were also forced to leave. Sudip Rai, from Kalchini in Jalpaiguri, worked as a security guard in Pune. He said, \"In Pune, over 300 people from New Alipurduar work in different hotels. We decided to return home as tension was mounting up in Pune. We prefer to die in our village.\" \"But there is no work at home. So we need to go out to work. Nahole khabo ki? (else what will we eat?),\" asked Sudip.His colleague Sanjay said, \"We could not bring money with us. We just left our rooms as panic gripped Pune.\" Though neither Sudip nor Sanjay saw anybody being beaten up, but rumours sparked the panic.Zank Panmei, a first-year student from Thangal Bazaar in Imphal, however, saw one of the youths from the northeast being beaten up. \"I am too scared to stay in Pune now. I hope things will improve within a week. I wish to return by early September.\"Some students from Bengaluru also narrated their personal experience of being attacked. A student of Al Ameen College who did not want to be named said stones were hurled at him and his friends. \"It is difficult to continue staying there with such fear,\" the youth added.Binay Milli of Golaghat, Assam has been working in Chennai for the past four years. This is the first time he has faced such a situation. \"Several rumours have unnerved us. So, I decided to go home till things are normal. At least 400 men travelled with me to Howrah fearing trouble in Chennai.\"The moment special trains for Guwahati were announced, there was a rush to grab a seat. Mary, a 20-year-old from Senapati district of Manipur, who returned from Bengaluru said she had to sit on the floor of train to reach Howrah. Though scared, Mary said she might have to return to Bengaluru since she works in the retail sector.They are heading for home for safety, where uncertainty looms large. It was a mini North East in Howrah station on Monday. More than weariness of the train journey, paleness in their faces were prominent due to the fear psychosis and rumour that drove them out from Bengaluru, Chennai, Hyderabad and Pune admixed with an indecisive future. However, they are optimistic to return back to study or work.With trains coming from Bengaluru, Chennai, Pune, thousands of NE people were at Howrah station waiting to reach home quickly. Meren a BPO worker in Bengaluru was busy settling a deal with a tout right in front of the Howrah GRP on Monday noon to get a reservation to Dimapur on Karmrup Express. He paid Rs 2700 for three tickets. He finally managed to get a seat. For the last two days he came in a cramped compartment on a Bengaluru special train. He had to sit on the floor near the stinking toilet. But reaching the toilet was tough as it was overcrowded. His friend Mark an IT student, also from Nagaland was busy finding out if Kolkata was a safe city.Mark said this was the worst experience in his 20-year life. \"I am considering if I can study in Kolkata. I do not want to be driven out of a city.\"Not only people from NE were forced to leave, people from Bengal were also forced out. Sudip Rai of Kalchini, Jalpaiguri said, \"In Pune over 300 people from New Alipurduar work in different hotels. We decided to return home as tension was high in Pune. We prefer to die in our village.\"\"But we need to go out to work. There is no work at home.\" Rai asked, \"Khabo ki?\" His colleague Sanjay Rai, a security guard said, \"We failed to bring money. We left shutting our rooms, as panic gripped Pune.\" Both of them however did not know any one who was attacked in Pune, but said rumours were spread through mobile. They felt lucky as food was delivered free to Howrah bound passengers at three different stations. Even, Kesav Rai of Siliguri had a trying time to return who had gone to meet her sister at Bengaluru.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15579307", "title": "Soon, a lotion that can cure baldness", "text": "LONDON: Scientists claim that a hair lotion that cures baldness by stopping the effects of a single guilty enzyme could hit the market within two years.They found that a single enzyme has a major role to play in male-pattern baldness, as experienced by the Prince William .The researchers are already in talks with pharmaceutical firms about making the product, which would work by stopping the effects of a single guilty enzyme.The US-based dermatologists announced earlier this year that they had found that an enzyme, called prostaglandin D2 (PGD2), instructed follicles to stop producing hair. Scientists identified it by screening 250 genes implicated in hair loss, the Telegraph reported . George Cotsarelis, head of dermatology at Pennsylvania University, said that the one responsible for levels of PGD2 played \"the major role\" .He said he was now in talks with several drugs firms about creating the anti-baldness product . Drugs are already available in the market that reduce PGD2 levels, as it has been implicated in asthma , holding out the hope that developing a related product for baldness could be speedy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579471", "title": "'Check all permits before hitting the dance floor'", "text": "NAGPUR: City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said on Monday that revellers should ensure that party organizers have procured permission for DJs and performance at public places before entering any party premises.A day after the police raided a lounge and took strict action against partying youngsters, CP Dhanvijay said cops are not against youngsters but law needs to be followed. \"The youngsters should first ask the organizers whether they have the necessary police permission before enjoying the party,\" he said.Dhanvijay added that the youngsters rounded up from the party would be booked only if their blood samples indicate consumption of contraband substances. Police had rounded up 173 youngsters and arrested another eight from the Sadar-based Caramel lounge in Sanja Chulha restaurant. \"The chemical analysis test of the blood samples would decide the fate of the youngsters,\" the CP said.City police have been conducting raids on pubs and restaurant lounges where the management has organized parties without procuring permissions. \"We have cancelled applications for permission to operate hookah and pool parlours too,\" said Dhanvijay.The top cop has also said that his department is working under no political pressure. \"Our action was triggered by legal provisions and their violation,\" said Dhanvijay.The daughter of a prominent member of the legislative assembly from BJP too was among those rounded up by police from the restaurant. Police said her blood samples have also been collected for to check for contraband substances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579409", "title": "Under pressure, Nagpur University fails to act against MCA colleges", "text": "NAGPUR: It's been over three weeks now since the scam in admissions to Master of Computer Applications (MCA) was unearthed, but the Nagpur University administration led by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal has failed to take any action against erring colleges for admitting 'ineligible' students.NU statutory members charged the top officials of buckling under pressure from renowned colleges owned by political bigwigs and education barons from the city, including Ramdeobaba, GH Raisoni, Kamla Nehru, Priyadarshini and Datta Meghe Institute among others. TOI has been tracking the issue since day one, reporting as to how the colleges have been blatantly flouting norms by admitting the 'ineligible' students since last two years.According to City Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta, who had initially helped the aggrieved students only to forget them later, over 400 students who are caught in the muddle had paid staggering fees, in excess of Rs70,000, to the colleges. Even Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, who initially vowed to take immediate action against these colleges and their respective principals, has failed to take any steps in this regard. \"Some colleges, including Ramdeobaba, are yet to file their replies,\" Kane told TOI while refusing to comment further.On July 30, NU had served notices to 19 colleges asking them to give a list of all the candidates directly admitted to second year after completing their Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;). The principals were asked to submit replies within three days. But even after three weeks, these colleges have not yet responded. This delay has triggered panic among aggrieved students who now fear of losing their precious academic year. They want early solution so that they could move to any other course before admission deadline ends on September 5.Admission dean at Ramdeobaba College, T Singh, stated that they had given the required information to NU about three days ago and that it might not have reached the CoE's table yet. \"There was certainly a delay from our side in providing the information. I, along with our registrar, had met Kane in this regard and many issues cropped up during the discussion. At that time, Kane himself had told us to wait before submitting the information,\" he explained.Singh added that they have found four students from their college who didn't fit the eligibility criteria and one of them was from reserved category. \"None of these 19 colleges were aware of Ordinance No 16 of 2009 which clearly mentioned that a student should score at least 50% aggregate marks in graduation for securing admission to MCA course. It was a lapse on our part, but NU is equally to be blamed for not making the colleges aware all these years,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15582204", "title": "How a Facebook post can hurt your career", "text": "BANGALORE: A single unsavoury picture, post or comment on social media can rob you of your dream job. These are increasingly used as a talent sourcing and reference check-point. Irresponsible Facebooking, tweeting or any compromise of social media hygiene could lead to summary rejection.There are already many cases where offer letters have been withdrawn, or employees have been fired after social media revealed unpleasant details about them.Pavan Duggal, cyber law expert, said, \"Enterprises are increasingly relying on social-media profiles of potential employees to determine their employability. If your social-media profile has an element that will show you in a negative light, then there are chances that your employment would be in jeopardy. Employers today are using social media and other real-time search engines to find out what others are talking about their employees and new hires.\"A fortnight ago, a young technology professional had to return his offer letter from a leading tech firm three days before joining, thanks to his social-media behaviour . The HR head of the company happened to see on Facebook an \"objectionable picture'' of this candidate with his roommate with a \"gay language\" caption.A product company hired 29-year-old Rahul Keshav (name changed) as a project head. An excited Rahul started tweeting about his career move, the nature of the new job \u2014 all of which was supposed to be confidential. The next day, his new employer fired him for having compromised the confidentiality clause.Elango R, chief human resources officer , MphasiS , said, \"One's social-media behaviour has the potential to make or mar her personal and professional brand. One cannot be seen as an indiscreet individual on social networks. Behaving irresponsibly on public platforms can mean trouble.\"There are instances of HR heads asking for clarifications or explanations from their new recruits on the latter's \"unhealthy\" or \"questionable\" social media posts. \"It could be a negative tweet on a former or current employer, a biased comment about women, a socially, religiously or politically provocative comment or picture.Social media today are an additional window for reference checks,\" said BS Murthy, CEO, Leadership Capital. Saurabh Govil, senior vice-president (human resources), Wipro Technologies , said, \"Looking at social media as an additional reference checkpoint is seen as a progressive trend globally, though we are yet to start it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581355", "title": "Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel marry", "text": "The Total Recall actress and the 31-year-old heartthrob have reportedly tied the knot in Jackson Hole, Wyoming in a secret ceremony on a private estate on Saturday, August 19. The guests stayed at the luxury Four Seasons Hotel.Hollywood gossip columnist Janet Charlton said, \"They pulled a fast one!\"While the couple tried to keep their big day a secret, wedding cake designer Sylvia Weinstock added fuel to speculation by revealing she was in Jackson Hole on the weekend.She wrote on twitter: \"America is a beautiful country, Jackson hole a marvel\"Jessica recently insisted she hasn't had time to plan her wedding, but admitted she was worried about having a bridal freak out on her wedding day.She said, \"It's very exciting but it's hard to find the time for it! But it's a good moment just to enjoy it.\"I have no idea of what I want. I am one of those people who are not very detail orientated. I'm more of a big idea person. I will probably give an idea and let it be created.\" concluded the actress.-Agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15577141", "title": "Nandamuri brothers\u2019 differing \u2018T\u2019unes add to TDP woes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The two Nandamuri brothers have been airing divergent viewpoints on the contentious Telangana issue and that has now left the Telugu Desam Party (TDP) caught on the horns of a dilemma. Analysts said Harikrishna and Balakrishna's views have exposed the dichotomy within the party on the issue, putting party president and brother-in-law Chandrababu Naidu in a fix.Balakrishna, in his bid to showcase how he was taking an active role in the party, had recently said that the party had taken a favourable stand on Telangana. However, members of his coterie say that it was only a 'chance statement' made by Bakakrishna.\"It was more than evident that he was using the opportunity to project himself as an ally of Telangana leaders and its four crore people. Otherwise, he would not have stressed how there was no change in the party's stand on the issue,\" one of the party leaders said.The actor might be seen as having succeeded to an extent in winning the hearts of pro-Telangana activists after Errabelli Dayakar Rao, the Telangana TDP Forum convener, called on him a few days back to announce that Balakrishna would soon tour the region.But all that seemed fine until another son of NTR and Balakrishna's elder brother, Nandamuri Harikrishna, started opposing his sibling's pro-Telangana stand.\"The TDP has Telugu in its very name and it was formed to protect the self-respect of all Telugus. Therefore, it should always strive for a united Andhra Pradesh and protect its interests,\" Harikrishna, who is a TDP politburo member, said.Political analysts say that more than any other party, it is the TDP which is in a total mess on the separate statehood issue.Confusion reigned supreme within the party leadership when it found itself on a sticky wicket over the payment of Rs 50,000 each as compensation to the families of those who had reportedly 'sacrificed' their lives for the separate Telangana cause. It is learnt that senior leaders from the coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema regions are strongly opposing this move.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583369", "title": "32 cases of snatching, loot cracked", "text": "LUDHIANA: The police claimed to have cracked 32 cases of snatching and loot with the arrest of members belonging to two gangs on Monday. Assistant commissioner of police, north, Swapan Sharma, \"Six people were arrested. In the first case, a gang active in the city for two years and responsible for more than three dozen incidents of snatching and looting was busted. On questioning, the gang members admitted to 14 cases of snatching and 10 of loot.\"Those arrested were identified as Mankush Kumar alias Mickey of Santokh Nagar, Rajneesh Kumar alias Rohit of Street Peeru Banda in Salem Tabri, Nabi Kumar alias Nabi Kala of New Kartar Nagar and Pawan Kumar alias Mota of New Ashok Nagar. Salem Tabri SHO Bittan Kumar said, \"Another gang of two members was busted and five gold chains, Rs 20,000 cash, a motorcycle and sharp-edged weapons were recovered.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583322", "title": "Treat osteoarthritis with acupuncture, not surgery", "text": "Knee osteoarthritis patients who were treated with acupuncture had clinically significant improvements in pain levels, stiffness, and functional capacity after one month of treatment, researchers have found.This suggests that acupuncture could be a low cost alternative to expensive knee surgery for osteoarthritis patients.Their findings are based on 90 patients with knee osteoarthritis, who were referred for group acupuncture to two knee pain clinics in St Albans, Hertfordshire, in 2008 and subsequently monitored for two years.The clinics were set up in 2008 for NHS patients, and run in two GP practices by specially trained acupuncture nurses , to see whether this could improve care, while reducing costs, and offer a viable alternative to referrals for expensive knee replacement surgeryKnee replacement surgery works well, but it is not suitable for everyone, and as many as one in seven patients experience severe pain a few years after the procedure, say the researchers.It also costs 5,000 pounds a pop, they add.Out of 114 patients who were offered acupuncture for osteoarthritic knee pain in 2008, 90 accepted and were treated in the clinics. Their average age was 71. All the patients referred to the clinics had severe symptoms - constant pain, including at night, and inability to walk far - and would have been eligible for surgery.They were given acupuncture once a week for a month after which the frequency was reduced to a session every six weeks.Forty one patients were still attending the clinics after a year, and 31 were still receiving treatment after two years. Each patient received an average of 16.5 treatments.A validated score (MYMOP), used to measure symptom control, functional capacity, and wellbeing, showed clinically significant improvements in pain levels, stiffness, and functional capacity after one month of treatment.These improvements continued throughout the two year monitoring period, as assessed by MYMOP at six monthly intervals.Based on the assumption that only two thirds of patients would take up an offer of acupuncture, the researchers calculated that the service could save the NHS around 100,000 pounds a year.Each treatment costs the NHS 20 pounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15585149", "title": "Southwest monsoon weak in 26 districts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in one district; fairly widespread in two; scattered in two others; isolated in 14; and negligible in 11 districts in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am on Tuesday. South-west monsoon was normal in four districts and weak in 26 districts. Heavy rain was received in one district; rather heavy rain in one more; moderate rain in nine; light rain in 10; very light rain in five and no rain in four, KSNDMC, Bangalore stated.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above mentioned last 24-hours is considered as i solated since 13% of the hoblis and gram panchyaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Baindanuru in Kundapur taluk of Udupi district recorded maximum rainfall of 66mm in Karnataka in last 24-hours. Widespread, heavy rain was received in Udupi, and fairly widespread, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in DK and Uttara Kannada.Scattered, moderate rain was recorded in Shimoga, Dharwad and Gadag; isolated, light to moderate rain in Kodagu, Bellary, Chikkaballapur, Koppal, Gulbarga, Hassan, Belgaum, Bidar, Chikmagalur, Davanagere, Haveri, Raichur, Tumkur, Bagalkot and Kolar districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to August 21 has recorded deficit rainfall of 31%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 624.4mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 429.2mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on August 20, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 1.8mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 6.1mm, a deficit of 70%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/koraput", "code": "15582497", "title": "Peace and cheer mark Eid in twin cities", "text": "Bhubaneswar/KORAPUT: Muslims in droves thronged mosques in the twin cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack to observe Eid-Ul-Fitr on Monday. The celebration, which came at the close of the holy month of Ramzan, passed off peacefully.Security was tightened in the mosques in the backdrop of the violent clash between two communities in Assam recently. Commissionerate police was on toe to ensure an incident-free Eid in Niladri Vihar are under Chandrasekharpur where miscreants had ransacked the mosque in December 2011. The hoodlums vandalized the mosque's property and threatened to relocate the religious institution from the locality following dispute over the title of the patch of land. Police had then arrested the accused persons. Some security personnel are since guarding the mosque to prevent recurrence of the crime.\"The festival was absolutely peaceful. Adequate security arrangements were made to avoid any untoward incident. Devotees came in large numbers and offered prayer amid safe ambience,\" said ACP (Zone VI) P K Patnaik.Armed police stood guard outside the mosque at the Housing Board square, considered as the biggest mosque in state capital. \"Eid is a special day for us. Burying previous enmity with others we celebrated the festival with gusto. We donated money, food, wheat and clothes to poor people as per the traditional jakat and chitra practice,\" said Sheikh Nizamuddin, a city corporator.Clad in new dresses, revelers offered prayers in mosques in Cuttack. \"Eid is the occasion to reunite with family and friends and reaffirm the social bonds. We exchanged greetings and gifts and visit each others' homes and shared delicious foods like Sheekhurma, Biryani and Kurma prepared on the occasion,\" said Salman Ali, a reveler said.The festival, however was marred by unpleasant situation at Jeypore in Koraput as two groups of the minority community people confronted with each other over the entry into a graveyard to pay their traditional respects to their ancestors. Though the administration held several rounds of talks with both the parties, till evening it had not reached to any conclusion and tension was palpable at the graveyard.\"Talks are still on and we are hopeful that the issue will be amicably settled. To avoid any untoward incident at least two platoons of police have been deployed at the graveyard,\" said sub-collector (Jeypore) Birendra Korkora.Sources said while the Wahib group of the Muslims planned to enter into the graveyard, the Sunni group allegedly opposed them. Earlier, the administration had hold discussion with both the parties on Sunday but failed to reach any solution as both the parties remained adamant.Fearing any eventuality the administration clamped section 107 (security for keeping the peace in other cases) under the CrPc at the graveyard on Monday.\"The situation is being closely monitored and police has been kept on high alert to avert any eventuality,\" said SDPO (Jeypore) Utkal Ranjan Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578623", "title": "Chennai may face outages, drop in voltage", "text": "CHENNAI: The breakdown of the two units at the 440MW Madras Atomic Power Station (MAPS) early on Sunday may result in power outages and voltage fluctuations in several parts of Chennai in the next few days, say power managers.Engineers are working overtime to restore generation at the two units. While one of the units is likely to be ready on August 23, the second one is likely to start generation on August 24 or 26, said sources.The tripping was caused by a defective breaker on one of the feeders at the Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research, it is learnt. When the feeder suffered a fault, it should have been isolated from others by the breaker. As the breaker did not function properly, it resulted in a breakdown of other feeders as well. Chennai is heavily dependent on MAPS, which supplies 75% of its generation (330 MW) to meet city's requirement of 2,500MW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576768", "title": "Lakshmipet case: Naming of 88-year-old baffles CID", "text": "HYDERABAD: Crime Investigation Department (CID) officials probing the Lakshmipet dalit massacre case got a shocker as the Srikakulam local police included an octogenarian's name in the list of accused for rioting and violence on June 12.On June 12, men armed with axes, crowbars, country-made bombs and lathis attacked dalits in Lakshmipet village, resulting in five deaths and injuries to over 30 persons.CID officials who have taken over the probe from the Srikakulam police are likely to submit a report to the state government in the next few days listing the reasons which might have triggered the attack on dalits.A resident of Lakshmipet, P Satyanarayana, 88, was arrested for rioting, but CID officials are now examining the role of only those who played a role in instigating and executing attacks on the dalits so that the main conspirators would be nailed in court.Initially, police picked up many persons of a particular backward class community for either directly or indirectly being related to the attacks, irrespective of their age. Since the elderly man was at his home at the time of attacks, he was also made an accused in the case.Till date, 79 persons were named accused in the incident at Lakshmipet. Since the beginning, there have been allegations that a political heavyweight from a coastal district has been making efforts to protect the prime accused, Botsa Vasudeva Naidu and Srinivasa Rao.Vasudeva Naidu was earlier arrested by the CID officials from the suburbs of Hyderabad while he was undergoing treatment.Since the rift was between dalits and members of another community over ownership of land in Lakshmipet, the investigating officials framed many innocent persons since they belong to a particular community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578726", "title": "Watch what you post on Facebook. Hirers are all eyes", "text": "BANGALORE: A single unsavoury picture, post or comment on social media can rob you of your dream job. These are increasingly used as a talent sourcing and reference check-point. Irresponsible Facebooking, tweeting or any compromise of social media hygiene could lead to summary rejection.There are already many cases where offer letters have been withdrawn, or employees have been fired after social media revealed unpleasant details about them.Pavan Duggal, cyber law expert, said, \"Enterprises are increasingly relying on social-media profiles of potential employees to determine their employability. If your social-media profile has an element that will show you in a negative light, then there are chances that your employment would be in jeopardy. Employers today are using social media and other real-time search engines to find out what others are talking about their employees and new hires.''A fortnight ago, a young technology professional had to return his offer letter from a leading tech firm three days before joining, thanks to his social-media behaviour. The HR head of the company happened to see on Facebook an \"objectionable picture'' of this candidate with his roommate with a \"gay language'' caption.A product company hired 29-year-old Rahul Keshav (name changed) as a project head. An excited Rahul started tweeting about his career move, the nature of the new job \u2014 all of which was supposed to be confidential. The next day, his new employer fired him for having compromised the confidentiality clause.Elango R, chief human resources officer, MphasiS, said, \"One's social-media behaviour has the potential to make or mar her personal and professional brand. One cannot be seen as an indiscreet individual on social networks. Behaving irresponsibly on public platforms can mean trouble.''There are instances of HR heads asking for clarifications or explanations from their new recruits on the latter's \"unhealthy'' or \"questionable'' social media posts. \"It could be a negative tweet on a former or current employer, a biased comment about women, a socially, religiously or politically provocative comment or picture. Social media today are an additional window for reference checks,'' said BS Murthy, CEO, Leadership Capital.Saurabh Govil, senior vice-president (human resources), Wipro Technologies , said, \"Looking at social media as an additional reference checkpoint is seen as a progressive trend globally, though we are yet to start it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578170", "title": "Regularize affluent colonies: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi government now wants the Centre to urgently consider bringing unauthorized colonies like Sainik Farms, Mahendru Enclave, Anant Ram Dairy and over a dozen other colonies termed as \"affluent\" under the purview of a policy. Not covered under the list of 1,639 colonies on the list of awaiting regularization, the state government is now making a pitch for regularization and subsequent development in colonies labelled as \"affluent\" but only after levies involving steep penalties on residents here.It is learnt that Delhi chief secretary P K Tripathi's office has written a letter to Union ministry of urban development on the affluent unauthorized colonies wherein it has been reiterated that there is an urgent need to \"take a view on the matter\". So far the affluent colonies have been kept out of the purview of regularization because of the affluence and the many court cases pertaining to these colonies, particularly in Sainik Farms, Mahendru Enclave and Anant Ram Dairy.Delhi government's comments were sought by Centre on the draft guidelines for the colonies termed as affluent and the strategy to organize these areas. It is learnt that the state is supportive of the view that these colonies must be brought under a separate policy for regularization by making the residents pay hefty penalties.The state government is also of the view that as of now there is clarity on the exact number of affluent colonies: around 17 odd colonies are said to be affluent but a proper assessment needs to be done to determine the affluence.Earlier this year, a report on issues related to unauthorized colonies put together by a group of ministers of the state government had given its recommendations that even the affluent colonies must be brought under the purview of developmental work.The GoM was of the view that since the KK Mathur committee report, which defined an affluent colony as one with more than 50% plots measuring 350 sq metres each, was not accepted by the Centre, thus there is no reason for the state government to accept its recommendations either. Hence, the GoM states that developmental work should be undertaken in all the colonies declared affluent like Anupam Garden and Freedom Fighters' Colony. The GoM played safe by steering clear of controversy by stating that affluent colonies like Sainik Farms, Mahendru Enclave and Anant Ram Dairy may be considered for development works later.The GoM report was submitted to the CM and a subsequent discussion concluded that since Centre had already framed draft guidelines and invited the state's comments, the matter of taking up development works in affluent colonies cannot be considered for now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15585434", "title": "Siddharth's an iPhone fan!", "text": "Actor Siddharth took to his micro-blogging page to compare some of the latest smartphones in the market, and wrote their pros and cons!He tweeted, \"Why on earth am I still struggling with the I &amp; O keys when typing on the iPhone? Rodiculius! And to all android lovers, I've used my android a grand total of 11 times in the last 5 months. No comparison. iPhone bestest!\"He then tweeted about the different versions of Samsung's latest phones. The Kadhalil Sodhappuvadhu Eppadi actor wrote, \"Was very impressed with the Samsung feature set, but the touch interface and form factor of the iPhone are way too comforting to shift!There is also an over heating issue with the Galaxy Nexus that I used. And lastly, I found it way too difficult to type on it....so, Apple wins!\"He further wrote, \"Galaxy S3 is like a very slightly different twin of the Galaxy Nexus. I actually preferred the latter. Used BB, iPhone and android extensively before sticking with the iPhone. Remember I used to be a BB user for 10 years.To each his own!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582224", "title": "Schools to remain closed today", "text": "BHOPAL: The district administration on Monday declared holiday for Tuesday for schools following heavy rains that is likely to continue in the state capital in next 24 hours.Collector Nikunj Shrivastava on Monday said, \"The schools till classes XII would remain closed on Tuesday due to torrential rains. Depending on the condition on Tuesday, the administration would then take a call whether the schools should remain closed on Wednesday or not.\" Last time, the collector had declared the schools closed on August 7 after heavy downpour. The order was issued in the morning following night long rains causing confusion among some schools, as a result of which they remained open that day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578840", "title": "Facebook community reaches out to cancer patients", "text": "KOLKATA: It's a unique platform that has brought cancer patients, their families and doctors together, helping them fight the disease better. Over the last two months, it has helped scores find answers to their questions, seek treatment and solace from fellow patients, counsellors and sympathizers who share their experiences with them. CanAnswer started off as a Facebook community but has gone beyond the cyber space to touch the lives of cancer patients and help them live better.Started by Ayan Chaudhuri, a software developer, it now has 615 members. The latter, however, have been reaching out to hundreds more every month - particularly those afflicted with the life-threatening disease and struggling to cope with it. It puts patients on to doctors who advise them. The community has counsellors who interact with patients helping them battle cancer psychologically. It has also got survivors to share their experiences with patients, giving them the courage to fight the disease and help break myths and fears associated with the ailment.\"The biggest challenge that cancer patients and their families face is to find the right course of treatment and get their queries answered. Often, both are difficult to come by for doctors are not always available to provide answers. Without them, you are lost for you have no idea if the treatment is on the right path. Our community helps patients get their answers readily. All they have to do is post the question on the Facebook page. It will be answered by a doctor within hours. If need be, the patient's family members can call any of our empanelled doctors and seek advice,\" said Chaudhuri. He says he was inspired to launch the community while his mother was undergoing treatment for cancer on July 1. \"When I looked for explanations, I found there was none forthcoming. It was unfair and I felt there must be a platform for patients and their families,\" he said. CanAnswer has around 12 oncologists on its panel.Anjan Pain, a young professional, came across the community on the internet two weeks ago. Seeking treatment for his 54-year-old mother suffering from vocal cord cancer, Pain posted an appeal for advice. \"Within two hours, I was flooded with suggestions from community members, counsellors and a doctor. They told me exactly what I should be doing and how. Ever since my mother had cancer three years ago, I have never come across such useful information from any source,\" gushed Pain.Last week, he got in touch with a doctor on the community's panel who helped him renew his mother's treatment. \"I had to discontinue it for she had broken down psychologically after prolonged treatment at a government hospital and refused to visit a hospital. CanAnswer got patients to interact with my mother who shared their experiences with her. Within a couple of days she agreed to visit a doctor,\" said Pyne.Asim Samanta, another patient said he got rid of the fear of cancer after reading the pages on Facebook. \"The initiative has helped remove myths and misconceptions about the disease,\" said oncologist Subir Ganguly, a member of the community's panel of doctors. \"There is a common fear about post-cancer surgeries. Patients and their families believe operations spread cancer and tend to back out from it, often risking the life of the patient. We have been telling them about surgeries and that they are often helpful. It has worked,\" said GangulyAnd then there are people who have seen their dear ones die of cancer. They reach out to patients with their stories and advice. Chandrima Datta, a businesswoman, lost her mother to cancer 16 years ago. She says she could have helped her handle the crisis better if she knew more about the disease. \"I started reading up about cancer after her death. And I was startled to find that I practically knew nothing. When I came across the community on Facebook, I felt I should share my knowledge and experience with the rest. My posts have been appreciated. More importantly, they have given courage to a few patients which is reason enough for me to carry on,\" said Chandrima.Jeebak Bhattacharya, a student of radiation oncology and a member of CanAnswer, said he was fascinated by the community. \"It has done wonders, not only by helping patients but also by raising awareness about the disease. It's gratifying to note that the members are far better aware about cancer than the rest,\" he said.To join CanAnswer as a member, you need to send joining request to http://www.facebook.com/groups/cananswer/", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15584509", "title": "PMO tiger query has foresters on toes", "text": "RANCHI: A recent letter from the Prime Minister's Office seeking a report on the dwindling number of tigers at the Palamu Tiger Reserve has had forest officials on their toes. Nobody seems to know how the big cats could have disappeared although the Centre provides an impressive fund to Jharkhand every year for the conservation of tigers.As many as 36 tigers disappeared from PTR between 2003 and 2009. According to a 2003 tiger census, PTR boasted of 42 tigers. The number witnessed a sharp decline subsequently and in 2009 only six tigers were found.Reacting sharply to the unexplained disappearance of big cats from the reserve, the PMO has sought an explanation from the Jharkhand government as to how they could have \"disappeared\" and what steps it has taken to check the decline in their population.Jharkhand secretary, forest, Alka Tewari, said, \"I have asked the chief wildlife warden to prepare a report. The PMO has expressed its concern regarding the dip in the number of tigers. The report will be submitted according to the directions.\"Jharkhand's chief wildlife warden, also the principal chief conservator of forests (PCCF), A K Malhotra, denied having received any letter. \"I am not aware of any letter,\" Malhotra told TOI. The Centre provides Rs 2 crore every year for tiger conservation to Jharkhand. Though the funds have been used, no perceptible improvement has been witnessed in conservation.Tiger expert, D S Srivastava, blamed the apathy of the forest department for the declining number. \"Despite the Union forest and environment ministry's direction to constitute a tiger conservation foundation, nothing has been done in the past four years. The directions to constitute a state-level steering committee under the chairmanship of the chief minister has also met with a similar fate,\" said Srivastava.There is no wildlife advisory board in the state as well. In the past 38 years, 44 tigers have vanished from PTR. A 1974 census showed there were 50 tigers in the reserve. In 2005, the count came down to 38. The 2007 census recorded the presence of only 17 tigers and the 2009 census further brought the figure down to six. \"The state of affairs is pathetic at PTR. The network of informers (of villagers) does not exist now. No patrolling is done. No one pays attention to the development of grasslands,\" said sources.Srivastava said the situation will not improve. \"Everything will be destroyed if you leave conservation to officers of the Indian Forest Service. Over 80 per cent of posts of forest guards is vacant,\" he added.Principal chief conservator of forests, A K Singh, said, \"In 2005, the Wildlife Institute of India ( WII ) conducted a census for the first time. This census saw a huge decline in the number of tigers in India. Earlier, tiger census was largely based on pug marks, which were not much reliable,\" said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583199", "title": "Nara Rohit\u2019s Okkadine wrapped up", "text": "Nara Rohit-Nithya Menen starrer Okkadine has wrapped up the entire shooting part and has entered the post production stage. Recently, a pub song was picturised on Rohit, Nithya Menen and 10 other dancers in Goa. The song, which was written by Bhaskarabhatla, was choreographed by Bhanu master.The action drama, which expounds love and familial affection with reference to the contemporary living, is now gearing for release in September. Producer CV Reddy says that the movie will surely consolidate the image of Rohith as a good performer. Directed by Srinivasa Raga of Katha fame said that he's planning to launch the audio in the first week of September.Singer Kartik is composing music while Chintapalli Ramana has penned the dialogues. Other casting includes Sai Kumar, Kota Srinivasarao, Brahmanandam, MS Narayana, Ali, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584483", "title": "The new eye disease in town", "text": "Conjunctivitis' big bad brother is sweeping Mumbai, powered by this year's sporadic showersFalling lake levels isn't the only headache that this year's intermittent rain has left Mumbai with. An eye infection, powered by spit rain, is sending a slew of patients running to opthalmology clinics, with eye specialists receiving at least a dozen patients of membranous conjunctivitis (MC) every day.Dr Niteen Dedhia, President of Opthalmologists' Association of India, who runs Ojas Eye Care Clinic in Bandra, says, the incidence is higher this year, especially among school children and office goers, leaving them out of action for more than two weeks. \"Simple, allergic conjunctivitis takes nine days to heal, while MC can take close to 17 days,\" says Dr Dedhia.Conjunctivitis refers to the swelling of the conjunctiva \u2014 the thin membrane that lines the inside of eyelids and covers the surface of the eyeball. MC is a more acute infection, where the swelling is associated with the secretion of fibrin by invading micro organisms, which then coagulates, leading to the formation of a pseudomembrane.How you can contract it The micro organisms that cause conjunctivitis could be present in nasal secretions and eye discharge. You could get infected simply by touching the face or a used personal item of an infected person, and rubbing your own eyes without washing your hands. The first tell-tale signs can appear within a few days after you have contracted the infection. You will experience discomfort in the eyes and a gritty sensation inside the eyelids. Since the blood vessels get dilated, the patient's eyes appear bloodshot.High incidence this year Dr Saumil Sheth, a retina specialist at Envision Hospital in Jogeshwari, says MC has a seasonal predilection, and usually receives a boost when the weather is a mix of heat and intermittent rain. \"Sporadic spells of heat alternating with moisture provide fertile environment for MC-causing micro organisms to multiply.\" Poor personal hygiene and the city's far from ideal sanitation have played contributors, say the experts.Since it's highly contagious, in most cases, MC eventually spreads to both eyes. Doctors pin down its spread to the four Fs: Finger (rubbing of eyes), flies, faeces and fomites (sharing of handkerchiefs and personal items).Can it get complicated? The formation of dot-like spots on the cornea (the dome-shaped window covering the front of the eye, with a powerful refracting surface that provides 2/3rd of the eye's focusing power) could translate into permanent opacities, if treatment is not administered in time.While bacterial conjunctivitis can be treated with antibiotic eye drops, most episodes of viral conjunctivitis are self-limiting and have to be allowed to ease out on their own. Head of Ophthalmology Department at KEM hospital, Dr Arjun Ahuja, says, a higher incidence of MC caused by a viral infection is compounding the problem. A mix of anti-viral drugs and steroid eye drops are involved in the treatment, but potent steroids like Prednisolone provide symptomatic relief, and should be used with caution since they have ocular side effects (like rise of intraocular pressure that could lead to glaucoma).Conjunctivitis v/s membranous conjunctivitis Simple conjunctivitis is characterized by red, sore eyes and takes nine days to heal. Membranous conjunctivitis is characterised by the formation of a membrane in the inner lining of the eyelid, and takes as long as 17 days to heal.Can you avoid it? Observing good personal hygiene, washing your hands frequently with a medicated soap and not sharing towels or napkins act as preventive measures.Once you contract it, then what? - Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and water through the day. - If using tissue to wipe eyes, discard after single use. - Stay away from contact lenses while infection lasts. Buy a fresh pair of lenses once eyes have healed. - Don't share handkerchiefs, towels, napkins, tissues or any eye make-up. - Don't wipe your face or rub your eyes with unwashed hands or an soiled towel.Vickey.Lalwani@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578856", "title": "Govt wants EPFO pension raised to Rs 1,000 a month", "text": "NEW DELHI: The labour ministry has written to the finance ministry recommending that the minimum monthly pension for members of the Employees Provident Fund Organization (EPFO) be raised to Rs 1,000 per month. Who will fund the additional Rs 539 crore per year that this will cost, the government or workers, however remains a fraught issue.The EPFO currently has 35 lakh pensioners as its subscribers, of whom 7 lakh get Rs 1,000 or more as pension per month, 14 lakh get less than Rs 500 and some get as low as Rs 38 and Rs 12 per month.Following several meetings of the Central Board of Trustees of the EPFO, the labour ministry has written to the finance ministry suggesting two options to fund the increase in the minimum pension; one, that the two-year bonus given to every employee who completes 20 years of work be withdrawn, or two, that the government foot the bill for the entire increase.Both ministries favour the first option, sources close to the developments said. The labour ministry says withdrawal of the bonus would not only raise the minimum pension to Rs 1,000 but would also allow for a further 5% increase.However, central trade unions will oppose this move. \"You are essentially taking away what is the earned right of the employee,\" said D L Sachdev, EPFO trustee and national secretary of the All India Trade Union Congress.\"The government will take money from the workers to give it back to workers,\" said A D Nagpal, secretary of the Hind Mazdoor Sabha. The unions want the government's contribution to be raised from 1.16% to 1.79% instead.The labour ministry has also proposed two amendments to the Provident Fund Act in order to increase membership. It has proposed lowering the coverage limit on enterprises having a minimum of 20 employees to one having a minimum of 10 employees, which it says will increase membership by 50 lakh. It has also proposed that the maximum salary limit, which currently stands at Rs 6,500 be raised to Rs 15,000 in two steps, since even the minimum wage in cities like Delhi is now over Rs 6,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582085", "title": "Absence of streetlights pose threat in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Along with pot holes and bad patches on roads, dysfunctional street lights on many roads are adding to the inconvenience for the commuters to drive, especially during night.\"Driving on link road number 1 and 2 has become very risky. There are many patches on these roads which are under absolute darkness due to non-functional streetlights. The situation in the city can be gauged with the situation on this road, which is being considered pride of the city,\" Ashok Maheshwari and Haresh Bhojwani, businessmen said.Rishi Nagesh, Amit Parihar and Atul Geherwar, students said, \"Even there are street lights on the roads, they are very dim. The upper bulbs of many four wheelers are very strong, which creates a kind of temporary blindness in front of our eyes, due to which we cannot drive at times. Moreover the dim streetlights add on to the trouble, as we cannot see uneven and bad patches which usually lead to accidents.\"Anirudh Pratap Singh, who works in marketing sector says, \"Streetlights are required the mostly during the rains, when water is flowing on the roads and we cannot differentiate between the pot holes and the road. Streetlights help us identify the bad patches on the roads. Dark roads are also an invitation to crime and are unsafe for commutation.\"Nupur Ansari, a resident of Arera colony said, \"Streetlights in our locality were not functional, a couple of months ago. This was an open invitation to the thieves and we were scared of any incident of theft. However nothing happened due to God's grace. But the road was very lonely and dark. We were even scared to leave our children on streets after sunset. We dropped in several complaints. We had to wait for many weeks, before the street lights were fixed.\"This year, the police have reported over 150 chain snatching cases in the state capital from January.Either there are no streetlights or if there are electricity poles, streetlights are not functioning at major connecting roads of the city. The major routes include roads leading from MP Nagar to Subhash railway crossing, Mahatma Gandhi circle in BHEL to Avadhpuri and on Link Road No 2 from 5 number bus stop to Mata Mandir square. Interestingly, the important road stretch from the CM House to the Raj Bhavan is also not free from it.\"The BMC is maintaining around 10,000 tube lights, 17,000 sodium vapour lamps, 1000 MH fittings (250 volts), 3,000 CFL fittings and 500 T5 fittings throughout the city. Even with this infrastructure, major city roads are still not equipped with functional street lights making them accident-prone, officials said.Moreover with city expanding on a large scale, colonies at various places including Trilanga, Avadhpuri and Ayodhya by-pass face the problem in absence of streetlights.The colonies established from Daana Paani to Hi-tech city, several localities on Kolar road and Gandhi Nagar road have no streetlights.The corporation also has plans to install high masts on all the tri-junctions and squares of the city for better visibility, officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15582962", "title": "CM Naveen Patnaik slams Centre over 'Coalgate'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Coming down heavily on the UPA dispensation in the wake of Coalgate, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Monday accused the central government of corruption.\"The UPA government has been hit by many scams, and this coal scam, is yet another extremely major scam,\" said Naveen on his return from a four-day trip to New Delhi. On earlier occasions, Naveen had dubbed the Manmohan Singh-led government of being surrounded by an \"ocean of corruption\".The CM's reaction came three days after the comptroller and auditor general estimated a loss of over Rs 1.86 lakh crore to the public exchequer through allotment of 142 coal blocks in different parts of India to private companies.In February, 2011, Naveen, who has in recent times frequently been taking up the cudgels against the Congress-led UPA government, had taken strong exception to the manner in which the Centre was allocating coal blocks in Odisha and requested the Prime Minister to review the matter. He had in a letter to Singh, demanded setting up of a high-level committee, including a state government representative, to review the allotments done by the Union coal ministry. In Odisha, the Centre has during the past few years allotted 32 coal blocks with an estimated reserve of about 15,000 million tonne (MT) to 56 private and government companies.Various thermal power projects proposed in Odisha are likely to suffer because of Coalgate, official sources here said after the comptroller and auditor general's report on Friday estimated loss of over Rs 1.85 lakh crore to the public exchequer through allotment of 142 coal blocks in different parts of India to private companies.Of the total coal blocks under the CAG microscope, as many as 32 are in Odisha. \"The Union coal ministry during the past few years allotted 32 coal blocks in Odisha with an estimated reserve of about 15,000 million tonne (MT) to 56 private and government companies,\" a state government officer informed. Three state public sector undertakings, Odisha Mining Corporation, Odisha Power Generation Corporation and Odisha Hydro Power Corporation, and private biggies such as Tata, Jindal Steel and Power Limited, Bhusan Power and Steel Limited, Bhusan Steel and Strips Limited, ArcelorMittal and Sterlite were among the allottees and planned coal-fired power plants in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579559", "title": "Pool party: Club GM suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after five persons, including a member of Lake Club, Sanjay Singla, were arrested for allegedly trespassing into the pool area of the club as part of a 'commercial' party, UT suspended the club's general manager, Rajiv Tuli, and ordered an inquiry to be conducted by the ADC Mahavir Kaushik. Action would be taken in accordance with the findings of the inquiry report.Chandigarh police have accessed a wall page on a social networking site ( Facebook), which was especially created for inviting people to the party inside the Lake Club. Police sources said the page was made by one \"Buzz reporter\" and hundreds of people have liked it. Singla is also a partner with a catering firm.SHO of the Sector 3 police station, inspector Neeraj Sarna, said accused Singla had booked the party on behalf of Harjit Singh, an official with an event promotion company, and Singla had also obtained permission for serving liquor from the excise department on behalf of Harjit.The motive behind organizing the party by Harjit was to publicize his event management company and it comes in the category of commercial use, added inspector Sarna.Action would be taken in accordance with the findings of the inquiry report. Harjit of Sector 27 and four others have joined the ongoing police investigation and police have also obtained a list of all the guests from Harjit. Police sources said Harjit had arranged liquor and beer from a reputed liquor company for the guests at the party free of cost.UT advisor K K Sharma, said, \"Administration has taken strict view of the incident and all possible angles including lapses on part of government officials, criminal offences and also any vulgarity at the party are being investigated.\"A UT spokesperson said, \"Normally members of the Lake Club are authorized to organize small parties in different lawns of the sports complex. On August 19, a party was organized at the swimming pool in the Lake Sports Complex. This small party for 60 people was booked by Sanjay Singla, a member of the club. He happens to be partner of the official catering firm for the complex. When it came to notice of administrative officials that people after consuming beer crowded the pool area and perhaps some of the jumped into it too, that the police was called and the party stopped,\" he said.Administration officials clarified that nobody is supposed to organize a party at the pool side and neither was Singla authorized to do so. He should have limited his party to 60 people and that too in the lawns only. Hence, a case of trespass has been registered against him. Further action will be based on the report of the ADC's inquiry.Rajiv Tuli, the general manager has been placed under suspension till the inquiry is completed and the responsibilities of the general manager have been entrusted to K S Bharti, the district sports officer, said the UT spokesperson. Advisor K K Sharma, finance secretary V K Singh and other UT and police officials visited Lake Club on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581669", "title": "Tamannaah-Ajay Devgn\u2019s Himmatwala launch to go live on YouTube", "text": "The much awaited Ajay Devgn and Tamannaah-starrer Himmatwala will be launched on August 22 at Ramoji Film City, Hyderabad. And for the first time in Indian Cinema history, the makers have planned to broadcast the movie's Mahurat live on YouTube channel.This is the first time a film's launch is being shown live on a digital platform in India.An excited Sajid Khan, the director of the film, says that he wants to involve as many people as possible from the very first scene and as such the unit has decided to stream the movie's mahurat live on YouTube.Sajid Khan will film the opening scene on Tamannaah and Ajay Devgan. And producers Vashu Bhagnani and Siddharth Roy Kapur will also grace the event, which is scheduled on August 22, Wednesday at 1pm (IST).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578695", "title": "Cops seize 300kg ganja, arrest two", "text": "CHENNAI: Officers of the CID's Narcotics Intelligence Bureau (NIB) arrested two men near Vadapalani on Monday for smuggling ganja (marijuana) from Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh to the city and seized 300kg of the narcotic from them. They also confiscated an SUV in which they found the ganja packed in 21 bags.A team led by a police inspector intercepted the vehicle near Vadapalani on a tip-off. When they spotted the police, the two occupants of the car got out and attempted to flee. Policemen chased and caught the men. They were identified as L Sekar, 42, of Usilampatti near Madurai, and C Rajapandi, 25, of Pasumalai.When police checked the SUV, they found bundles of ganja in the rear of the vehicle. When police officers took Sekar and Rajapandi into custody and grilled them, they confessed that they had brought the contraband to the city from Andhra Pradesh.\"Sekar and Rajapandi said they had procured the ganja from Anathagiri Hills near Visakhapatnam near where it was grown,\" an investigating officer said. \"Once the ganja had dried, they packed it in bags and put them under the back seat and in the rear of the SUV and drove to Chennai.\"When investigators subjected the men to sustained interrogation, they discovered that they did not know the final point that the ganja was being smuggled to and realised that they only acted as carriers for a contraband smuggling gang.\"They were supposed to hand over the consignment to a person in a place near Madurai,\" the officer said. \"They only transported the ganja between two points. They had received Rs 10,000 each to smuggle the consignment from Andhra Pradesh to Madurai.\" This is one of larger busts in the past six months, said a NIB CID official. Officers of the CID arrested three people in a similar operation near CMBT.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576806", "title": "3 injured in road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons were injured in a road accident when a cop hit a man's vehicle on Monday.A couple and their one-and-half-year-old son were hospitalised with injuries when a Madhapur sub-inspector (SI) rammed his car into their bike at Kothapet on Monday.The victims are identified as Venkatesh, an employee of ICICI Bank, his wife Anuradha and son Praneeth. The accident took place when Venkatesh was proceeding towards his uncle's house at LB Nagar on his bike. At about 2.30 pm, an Innova driven by Madhapur SI Lal Madhar hit Venkatesh's bike.\"While trying to overtake the bike, the SI lost control over the vehicle and rammed the bike. The couple and their son suffered minor injuries in the accident and they were shifted to a nearby hospital,\" Chaitanyapuri sub-inspector (SI) P Anantaiah said. Police have booked a case under section 337 (Causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) against SI Lal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584367", "title": "Singing a song of peace &amp; harmony", "text": "GUWAHATI: Whenever Assam experienced violence in the past, singer Kishore Giri unfailingly protested against mindless bloodshed with a guitar in his hand and songs on his lips. If nobody joined him, Giri would all alone be singing his self-composed songs and strumming his guitar appealing for peace.At a time when state is witnessing the worst ethnic conflicts in the BTC, Giri took the occasion of Eid to spread the message of peace through his music. Soon after the morning naamaz when people were exchanging Eid greetings, Giri appeared at the Machkhowa idgah here. Carrying a placard saying \"Eid Mubarak, Mera Bharat Mahan\", Giri started singing, \"aami sobe bhai bhai, mili juli hingkhya hatya nash korim... (We are all brothers, together we will end violence and killings.\"People at the idgah joined Giri and sang in chorus with him. As the singer hopped from place to place in Machkhowa, people kept crowding around him, exchanging Eid greetings. \"I am moved by this noble gesture. In this hour of crisis, we need such gestures of amity. I fervently prayed to Allah for peace in BTC. Insaallah peace will reign,\" said Faruq Islam Barbhuyan, one of the crowd.Social worker Musaddar Hussain wished that Bodos and Muslims displaced in the BTC violence return home soon. He said people like Giri should come forward to fight communal elements.Last week, Giri was in BTC, going from one relief camp to another singing and sharing words of confidence with the inmates. There, too, he was joined in by the inmates of both the communities. \"When a part of my state is in trouble, as an artist how can I stay silent?\" he said.\"I have always stood up against violence. It is my duty as an artist and also as a responsible citizen of my country. I have to tell people that communalism and violence have no place in our society,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "15577738", "title": "Ganpatipule\u2019s 7th victim fished out", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The body of the seventh victim who drowned off the Ganpatipule beach on Saturday was fished out on Monday. The seven belonged to three groups from Panvel, Solapur, Pune and Shahpur. Families and friends of the youths from Panvel, Santosh Bhuvad (26), Sangam Awale (22) and Keshav Rajiwade (24), who stayed at Moraj Complex, are yet to come to terms with the deaths. Sangam would have finished his MSc this year, said his brother. Santosh was a data analyst.The other victims are Amit Chole (27) and Amole Bhimarathi (25) from Solapur, Vinayak Rangapure (25) from Pune and Anil Kedar (26) from Shahpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579239", "title": "Controversies surround outgoing VC of Bharathiar University", "text": "COIMBATORE: C Swaminathan, vice chancellor of Bharathiar University will end his tenure this coming Wednesday. While sources close to him would like to portray him as a person with institution building capabilities, his critics recall the several controversies he was embroiled in. The allegations against him include the transfer of funds from a nationalized to a private bank, appointment of candidates who lacked qualification and the start up of several centres for distance education.Many of them are being investigated by the Directorate of Vigilance and Anti Corruption (DVAC) wing. It has been alleged that during his tenure, many eligible candidates were overlooked. There were also many irregularities in managing funds for distance education. The decision to outsource the conduct of the State Eligibility Test (SET) was looked upon as dubious.While the Madras High Court had ordered the DVAC to submit its investigation report, a state government report absolving Swaminathan and the former registrar of two of the charges was leaked. Apparently, his move to transfer funds to a private bank and outsourcing the conduct of the SET examination to a private agency had been cleared. However, the status regarding the other charges is unknown.The leak was questioned by teachers' unions. C Pichandy, general secretary of the Association of University Teachers (AUT) said that the 'selective leak' of the report absolving Swaminathan of two of the charges raised serious doubts. Meanwhile, other doubts had also arisen regarding many of the steps he was taking in his last days.The senate member recommended to the search panel for the new VC was the first issue. It was alleged that the nominee was not eligible, but rather a person of Swaminathan's choice. E Balagurswamy, a senior academic and the state planning commission member for education had also confirmed that the nominee was not qualified for the post. Shortly after, the appointment of the present registrar, PK Manoharan, also raised eyebrows. P Asokan, one of the professors who had attended the interview for the registrar post had complained that the VC had worked meticulously to recommend a person of his choice. It has been alleged that the norms were bent to appoint Manoharan.Controversies erupted again regarding appointments to some posts. It was alleged that they were made in undue haste during the last days of Swaminathan's tenure. Last week, the syndicate authorised the outgoing VC to form the VC convenor committee which would administer the VC's office after he demits office.Swaminathan said that he would respond to the allegations after his tenure. Earlier, he had said that he was initiating the appointments as he did not want the administration to become chaotic after his term ended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15583561", "title": "Bajpe airport makes profit of Rs 9.5 crore in last financial year", "text": "MANGALORE: The Bajpe airport in Mangalore, which was under loss till 2005-06, is strengthening its financial position year after year.In 2011-12, its operating profits touched Rs 9.5 crore from a meagre Rs 83 lakh in 2006-07.Airport director MR Vasudeva said the airport revenue for 2011-12 was Rs 42 crore and expenditure was at Rs 32.5 crore. The airport was incurring a loss of Rs 2.5 crore annually from 1998 to 2006. In 2006-07 it wiped all its losses and broke even.Vasudeva said this has been chiefly possible due to increased aircraft movement from 12 aircraft movements per day (1998-2006) between Mumbai and Bangalore to 32 movements per day to Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore and various destinations in the Gulf.The commissioning of the international-standard second runway in 2006 served as the catalyst for breaking the loss jinx. The runway allowed both international flights and Boeing aircrafts to land here.Vasudeva said that more than 75% of the revenue was generated from traffic movement, which includes landing fees, route navigational facility charges, parking bay fee and passenger service charges. Passengers need to pay User Development Fee of Rs 150 for domestic flights and Rs 650 for international flights. The non-traffic revenue includes rent from various concessionaires, royalty from tendered contracts and license fees. The major expenditure is on airport staff salaries, CISF deputation salaries and building maintenance, including power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579572", "title": "State spending Rs41 lakh per day on training teachers!", "text": "NAGPUR: It may seem unbelievable, but Maharashtra spends just over Rs41 lakh per day on training teachers, to ensure quality education in government and aided schools. Needless to say, none of the Rs150 crore annual training budget is reflected in the performance of students.Despite the expenditure, parents are losing confidence in teachers of state-run, or even aided, schools. The falling standard of education there is leading to more and more students joining private English medium schools, with most opting for the CBSE board.Nago Ganar, MLC from teachers' constituency, said, \"Our training seminars are a mere formality and undertaken just to complete the paperwork.\"The teacher training seminars are held for regular skill upgradation or increasing familiarity with changing curriculum. A few of the training expenditure is for non-teaching staff, usually for computer literacy or improving administration and policy implementation.Jaspal Singh, principal of state board affiliated Guru Nanak High School, said, \"I have observed that the state's training sessions are not properly planned. The resource persons (RP) designated to conduct seminars are from Marathi speaking background, and unable to communicate properly. The RP then trains our teachers, who conduct more workshops later, so it is a trickle-down type of training. The quality at the top is not good, so it's no wonder that the bottom of the pyramid suffers.\"Singh said CBSE's training is, in comparison, well planned and executed, and the quality of trainers is also good, thus reflecting on its teachers.A senior education official who did not wish to be named said it is unfair to compare a fully private and government set up. \"In private schools, the accountability level is very high because they are dealing with maximum 100-200 teachers. We have to draw up a common training session for six lakh teachers. Also, taking action against any of them is almost impossible, even if they are not performing after the training. We also have to stick to various rules and regulations, and navigate political hurdles to plan any event or take action against non-performers,\" he said.Deputy director of education Mahesh Karajgaonkar feels that the training system is good but evaluation process is not being properly utilized. \"Training sessions and evaluations are necessary but they are underutilized. We have implemented pre and post training evaluation systems in place, but yes there is no direct evaluation for teachers,\" said Karajgaonkar.He added that passing percentages and increase in marks are some of the indirect evaluation methods to test effect of training. Currently, the majority of training sessions are imparted at the elementary level (Std I - VIII). Karajgaonkar said, \"About 75% training sessions are for them, the remaining for higher classes. About 95% of the training sessions are for teaching staff while rest are for non-teaching staff.\"However, MLC Ganar feels the training budget is still way below the requirement. \"If quality training is to be provided then the allocation of Rs150 crore is not enough. Also, we should not look at the figure of Rs150 crore in isolation. There are other costs, like bringing teachers to a certain city, lodging, boarding, payments for trainers etc. The state does not have proper training centres and renting premises with good facilities takes up a lot of money,\" said Ganar.He added that every district should have its own fully equipped training centre, so that training can be imparted without spending too much on other costs.LEARNING FROM MISTAKESTeacher training seminars for skill upgradation or about new curriculum75% training sessions are for teachers of Std I to VIII5% training budget spent on non-teaching staffTraining sessions not properly plannedResource persons themselves frequently unable to communicate properlyNo evaluation, action regarding teachers' performance after trainingWithout dedicated infrastructure, huge amount spent on lodging, boarding of teachers, payments for trainers etc", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15570290", "title": "I think Vipul will win Indian Idol: Poorvi Koutish", "text": "They say good things come in small packages and Poorvi Koutish, one of the top four finalists of Indian Idol season 6, promised to be just that. From Chandigarh, Punjab, Poorvi got eliminated from the show last week. In a tete-a-tete with the versatile singer.What was your reaction when you heard you were eliminated? I thought I might cry but I did not. I took it well and I knew it was bound to happen at some point or the other.How has your journey on Indian Idol season 6 been? Indian Idol has changed my life. I was busy with my 12th standard and is cored an 87%. Also my grandmother was not keeping well so I never thought I'd end up doing a reality show. But then the auditions happened and I made it to the top ten. I was the first contestant on the show to win Close Up Performer of the Day, that too twice! But things got tough once Kaushik left. I was shocked with his elimination. And for me, every week became a challenge! But on the whole, the whole experience has been fantastic and my I got to experiment in all genres.Do you think your comfort of singing in songs in a western manner could have been the reason for your elimination? I tried all genres from a slow number to a qawwali. Obviously if someone's forte is a particular genre, then they will do better than me. But I don't think that was the reason for my elimination.Are you disappointed that you did not make it to the top three? I always believe that something better is in store for me because you never know where life takes you.Why is it that out of all the Indian Idol seasons so far, only one girl has gone on to win the title? I don't know really. Maybe in India, the whole boys vs. girls issue still holds true. Maybe it's the whole gender issue and I think it's unfair because so many girls deserved it.Your thoughts on the top four? I'm very proud of us. We are all from Punjab!Future plans from here on? I intend to come back to Mumbai once I complete my studies and playback singing is my dream. I was very clear that if my MBA did not work out, I would get into singing and vice-versa. But Indian Idol has made me very focused. I want to concentrate on signing as a career.What were the judges' reaction to your elimination? They were disappointed but Anu Malik encouraged me saying you will work in the industry. I think all the top ten finalists were very deserving because they ere so good!Will you be in touch with your fellow contestants? Yes. I will be in touch with Disha.Who was your favourite judge on the show? First it was Sunidhi Chauhan . Then it was Sunidhi and Salim Merchant.Who do you think will win Indian Idol season 6? I think it will be Vipul because he is versatile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578727", "title": "US judge dismisses Jack 'Jay' Palmer case", "text": "BANGALORE: Infosys has won the harassment case brought against it by one of its employees, Jack 'Jay' Palmer.United States district judge Myron H Thompson found no basis to support any of the charges filed by Palmer and dismissed the case entirely, writing, \"Judgment is entered in favor of defendants, Infosys Technologies Limited Incorporated and Infosys Limited, and against plaintiff Jack 'Jay' Palmer, Jr., with plaintiff Palmer taking nothing by his complaint.\" Judge Thompson further ordered costs against Palmer.Infosys released this statement shortly after learning of the judge's decision: \"Today's decision confirms what we have been saying from the beginning: Mr Palmer's claims of retaliation were completely unfounded.This is a company built on core values that include leadership by example, integrity and transparency.\"Those values always have and will continue to shape the way we do business with our clients and, without exception, the way we treat our people. We are pleased to consider this matter officially closed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15578420", "title": "A touch of English charm", "text": "MADURAI: The national award winning Tamil film 'Adukalam' provided a peep into the Anglo Indian community of Madurai, who have a 200-year old connection with the temple city and have paved the way for its many developments.People from this community were among the Europeans who helped the colonising forces develop Madurai for their convenience, many of which stand strong even today. The forefathers of most of Madurai's Anglo Indian community came here about 125 years ago, to work in the railways and also as teachers, doctors and lawyers.Even today, one can witness elderly women who were trendsetters in this region, dressed in elegant western wear. The community is concentrated around Mahaboobpalayam, S S Colony and Ellis Nagar in Madurai and their houses still have a very English touch to them. Moses Pears, president of the Madurai branch of the All India Anglo Indian society says that they make great effort to preserve their traditions and make it a point to come together during festivals and social gatherings. Their weddings are solemnised in churches followed by civil ceremonies and they maintain very close family ties. Christmas and Easter and are celebrated with a lot of religious fervour. Walking into the Railway Colony in Madurai in the month of December will definitely give one the feel of an English Christmas with the fragrance of baking and Christmas trees filling the air.A fun-loving community, they have also produced many outstanding sportsmen like Adolphus Claude Smith, Neville Rozario, Kalvin D'Cruz and Ashley Cleur who made their mark in Indian hockey. Ninety-one year old Jane Cleur and 84 year old Ida D'Costa talk fondly of Madurai's connection with these people, right from the pre-independence era.Most of the present day Anglo Indians of Madurai, were born here and continue to be based here though they do make trips to visit their relatives living in Europe and Australia. People from Madurai have a special connection with the Anglo Indian community and maintain close friendships with them. \"In the earlier days, if you wanted to master the English language, you had to attend the Railway School. It was dominated by teachers from the Anglo Indian community, who ensured quality education,\" says Sugumar, a former student of the school. When the Railway institute celebrated its centenary last year, the Anglo Indians were felicitated for their immense contribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578747", "title": "Lost for RTO location?", "text": "CHENNAI: The transport department has put the state's regional transport departments on the Google map .It helps when you can't rememberwhich RTO your vehicle belongs to or figure out where to go for a licence. All you have to do is enter the transport department's website, which has Google maps with locations of RTOs embedded on it.Red blobs representing RTOs are sprinkled across the map. And when you click on a red blob closest to the address in which the vehicle is registered, a box will pop up and it will have the area's RTO code, office address and pin code.A new vehicle is usually registered at an RTO by the dealer. Since the buyer is spared of the running around, the details of the RTO location may not stick to the memory. Knowing the RTO will help when you have to apply for a licence, renew it or sell your vehicle.The system works perfectly for the districts where the RTOs are spaced out rather widely, avoiding overlapping of areas. But when a vehicle owner from Chennai, say Nandanam, tries to pinpoint his RTO, there is a wee bit of confusion awaiting him. The person will be at a loss whether to click the red blob saying Jafferkhanpet or Saradapuram because Nandanam is placed right between the two RTOs in the map.Officials say this is a step towards implementing 'e-governance'. \"It had to be done because we had introduced last month online payment of registration fee for new vehicles,\" an official said.Online payments can be made through Indian Bank , SBI , Canara Bank and Indian Overseas Bank. But it is restricted for registration of two-wheelers and non-transport vehicles.Electronic payment has made job a lot easier for transport officials. \"We don't have to worry about bad handwriting, which often leads to mistakes in the records. We also don't have to worry about large wads of cash. The process is also much quicker,\" said an official. Online registration also strikes out middlemen from the RTOs to a large extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579810", "title": "Parties stand by northeast students", "text": "PUNE: Political parties and leaders in the city continued with their initiative to restrict the exodus of students from the northeast by visiting colleges and localities and appealing to them not to leave the city.Pune Youth Congress celebrated Rajiv Gandhi's birth anniversary as National Integrity Day with northeast students in Spicer College. Around 400 students and Youth Congress workers were present on the occasion. Students took an oath on national integration and promised to help each other. Pune Youth Congress president and corporator Sunny Nimhan invited northeast students to contact them if they felt insecure.On Sunday, NCP leaders led by mayor Vaishali Bankar met northeast students in Symbiosis college and assured them of safety in the city. NCP leaders said that the students should not succumb to rumours and leave the city. Students also shared their problems.The party's Rajya Sabha member Vandana Chavan also interacted with the students. \"Pune is safe, but some miscreants are trying to disturb the city's social fabric. I will talk with parents of students and ensure them that their children are safe in Pune,\" Chavan told the group.She said cultural festivals on the northeast will be held with support from the civic body. Members of the Muslim community Yusuf Pathan , Samir Shaikh, Shabir Khan, Nazir Shaikh and Munirbhai also promised help.Students shared problems like poor frequency of PMPML buses, absence of signboards in buses and misguiding and fleecing by autorickshaw drivers. The meeting was also attended by MLA Bapusaheb Pathare, Kamal Dhole-Patil and Mohansinh Rajpal.BJP city unit chief Vikas Mathkari said that the northeast students in the city can approach any BJP worker. \"Students should not panic,\" he said.Meanwhile, the Democratic Youth Federation of India (Pune) and the All India Democratic Women's Association organised a show of solidarity towards northeast citizens and stressed upon the need to uphold national integration. Members of both the organisations requested those leaving Pune to stay back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578138", "title": "Test generic drugs in govt lab: Kerala Government Medical College Teachers Association", "text": "KOCHI: The threat of supply of poor quality generic drugs to government medical colleges is real in the state as there is no government mechanism to verify the quality of drugs. The government, at present, does not even have a drug testing lab of its own and is dependent on private players for quality checks.Moreover, the government has sent a list of nearly 890 generic drugs that doctors in government medical colleges and hospitals can prescribe, and asked all district hospitals and health centres to provide feedback on the quantity of drugs required for a year.To ensure the quality of drugs, the Kerala Government Medical College Teachers Association (KGCTA) has asked the government to set up drug testing labs in pharmacology departments of all medical colleges in the state.\"Anyone can become a drug manufacturer in the state as it is included in the small scale industry. Other than asking for a quality test report from the supplier, there is no government mechanism to verify the quality of drugs,\" said KGMCTA state president Dr Mohanan K.The matter was discussed by the central executive council of KGMCTA, which met in Kochi on Sunday and they found that a few lifesaving drugs were missing from the list.The association has asked the government to include essential drugs such as Interferon (anti-viral drug prescribed by gastroenterology department), Immunoglobulin (for neurological problems), drugs to treat hepatitis and haemophilia and few others in the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578186", "title": "Court relief for disgraced policeman", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Rajasthan Armed Constabulary (RAC) constable, punished for alleged lapse in guarding Delhi high court 16 years ago, got relief from court that quashed disciplinary proceedings against him saying that he was not \"given any opportunity to defend himself\".A bench of Justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh granted the relief to the constable.Following disciplinary proceedings, the RAC, on June 23, 1997, awarded punishment to Mukesh Chand stopping one future annual increment. Also, the suspension period from July 27, 1996 was to be treated as time spent on duty for all financial purposes.Among three charges of misconduct, one of the allegations against Chand was that he remained absent from duty at the Delhi high court building from July 17 to July 20 in 1996 and \"remained wandering with some unknown strangers for 4-5 hours leaving his duty...\".Coming to the rescue of the constable, the court faulted the inquiry procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578364", "title": "State Congress swears by unity formula", "text": "BANGALORE: Congress leaders are now chanting the unity mantra. During the birth anniversary celebrations of former PM Rajiv Gandhi and former CM D Devaraj Urs at the KPCC office here on Monday, participants felt that a united fight was the only way to bring the party back to power.Union labour minister Mallikarjun Kharge attributed the Congress defeat in 2008 to the lack of unity among leaders. \"If we had been united, we could have garnered power. We made a mistake which helped the BJP,'' he said.Opposition leader Siddaramaiah echoed his words and said Congress had a bright chance of assuming power in the next elections. \"We have a 100% chance. Let's be united and bring the party to power. Only Congress can bring positive development in the state,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579404", "title": "State frees bamboo but not in Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: The state government has exempted bamboo and forest produce grown on private land from mandatory transit pass (TP) in Western Maharashtra.Strangely, the rule will not be applicable in bamboo producing districts of Nagpur, Amravati, Yavatmal, Gadchiroli, Bhandara, Chandrapur, Gondia, Thane, Nashik and Raigad. Vidarbha produces over 90% of the bamboo in the state.The notification has been issued under powers conferred by subsection (3) of section 41 of the Indian Forest Act 1927. The government has exempted Dendro calamus strictus and Bambusa bamboos, the two species of bamboo mostly grown in the state. Forest produce grown on private land has also been exempted.Additional principal chief conservator of forests (APCCF) for forest produce and utilization, Devendra Kumar, said under Indian Forest Act, bamboo is defined as a tree and felled tree being timber, is treated as forest produce and requires transit pass for transportation.Now no permission or licence will be needed to grow bamboo in private land. As per the legal provisions, permission is needed from revenue department followed by a TP to transport the material. Forest officials are opposed to it because issuing a TP involves corruption. Most bamboo grown in Western Maharashtra is on private land. These farmers will not need TP.Sunil Joshi , secretary of VEDHA (Institute of Village Enterprise Development for Handicraft Artisans), a NGO that has been working on bamboo applications and involving bamboo communities, termed the move an injustice on Vidarbha. He wanted the government to extend the same benefits to farmers here.The planning commission has projected a target of Rs26,000 crore from trade of bamboo and related products in India by 2015. The state, despite uniquely positioned, has failed to create opportunities for employment and income for stakeholders from bamboo. Around 90% of bamboo goes to paper mills and most of it is illegally extracted by villagers to eke out a living.\"Bamboo is the fastest growing species and commercial cultivation can change lives of many farmers but there is a need to relax TP norms. Farmers here have to run from pillar to post to get TPs. Besides, the government and banks have never encouraged farmers here to grow bamboo. Now farmers in Western Maharashtra will get a boost,\" said Joshi.\"Well-managed bamboo plantation can yield assured income of Rs22,000-26,000 per hectare annually for 25 to 30 years. In Bhandara and Gondia districts there have been several success stories where farmers have earned lakhs,\" says N D Chaudhari, divisional manager with FDCM.Joshi lamented that National Bamboo Mission (NBM) came into force in the state in 2007 but the state was yet to adopt a bamboo policy. \"There is no realization,\" he adds.Gadchiroli stops commercial harvestingThe Gadchiroli district collector Abhishek Krishna has ordered to stop commercial harvesting of bamboo if any, leasing or auction by the forest department in areas where community forest rights (CFRs) have been granted to villagers under the Forest Rights Act (FRA) 2006. The ban is also applicable to lakes and talaos where fishing is carried out. Krishna told TOI that until now, 807 villages in the district wee granted CFRs. Under the FRA, the forest dwellers and tribals get rights to extract forest produce and sell it. When asked whether the orders were being followed, Krishna said, \"After I issued the orders in April, there have been no complaints, indicating they are being implemented.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "15582466", "title": "10 robbers arrested", "text": "KORAPUT: Ten robbers who had looted Rs 40 lakh from a private construction company in Rayagada on August 16, were arrested on Sunday. The amount was also recovered from them. \"We have recovered the looted money. Two robbers are absconding. The arrested will be produced in court on Tuesday,\" said SP (Rayagada) Rajesh Pandit.Three employees of a private company were robbed near Kaliapada ghat road within Tikri police limits while the trio were on their way in an SUV from Rayagada to their workplace at Doragurha. Police said Kartika Naik, an assistant at the company and one of the three persons present inside the SUV at the time of loot, was the mastermind.\"During interrogation Kartika confessed to his involvement in the crime. He had informed other group members over cellphone before leaving Rayagada with the cash,\" the SP said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15584245", "title": "No headway in murder case", "text": "LUDHIANA: there has been no headway in the investigation into the murder of a money exchange firm owner, Sukhjinder Singh. The victim was reportedly killed in his office at the busy Rahon Road on Friday. Deputy commissioner of police, Gurpreet Singh Toor said, \"Investigation is still in process, but we have not been able to lay our hands on any major evidence.\"He added, \"We have conducted raids at various locations and gone through the CCTV footage installed at a nearby store. Through that footage, we have identified two cars that were parked outside the office of the deceased and are investigating further details.\" Sukhjinder Singh, 34, was found with his throat slit in his office in Kochar Market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578478", "title": "\u2018No imported material for airport construction'", "text": "NASHIK: To cut down construction costs of the passenger terminal building at Ozar airport, the PWD is planning to reconsider the original design of the airport by substituting imported material with local construction material.The PWD, which did not get an adequate response and appropriate bids in response to tenders invited by it for the terminal, has invited fresh tenders.Department officials responsible for monitoring the project's design blamed the weaking rupee for the re-tendering process. The rising dollar value had increased costs for the purchase of imported material. The new design will now would focus on Indian steel and indigenous material.\"The re-tendering has has happened because of the rise in cost of material to be imported for the project. Several design aspects set to be deleted and the PWD has also decided to substitute the steel and other materials from within the country for the terminal - estimated to handle 300 passengers at a time,\" a senior PWD official said.The initial tenders invited by the district administration for the construction of the airport which aims to open tourism doors and further trade and industry in Nashik and north Maharashtra, found the bidders exceeding the construction cost by over 140% of the estimated cost, forcing the administration to float the tenders again. While funds of Rs 59 crore had been earmarked for the project, the minimum bid came in at Rs 143 crore.The project which was slated for completion 18 months from the awarding of the contract has now been delayed further. \"The re-designing, approval and the tender process isset to take at least three months. The administration will have to ensure that procedures are completed at the earliest to ensure costs do not escalate further,\" an official from the revenue department said.The passenger terminal with the capacity to handle 300 passengers has been planned at the Janori-end of the Ozar airport, where currently the air cargo complex is housed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578082", "title": "Mob lynches wanted man in Gurgaon village", "text": "GURGAON: A wanted criminal carrying Rs 1 lakh reward for his arrest was beaten to death by a mob in Saidpur-Khaitawas village late on Sunday. He was identified as Harish alias Pappu, 45, of village Mandothi in Jhajjar district of Haryana. He was wanted in more than a dozen cases of murder, attempt to murder and extortion.Three other history-sheeters, including Sanjeev, brother of the dead assailant, were beaten up by the villagers. Sanjeev, who also has Rs 1 lakh reward on his head, is now battling for life at Safdarjung Hospital in Delhi. Two other criminals were identified as Ajit Singh and Kamlesh.Three country-made pistols and over a dozen cartridges, fake press and police ID cards along with VVIP car parking stickers were found in the Santro the criminals were using.The clash started when villagers stopped the vehicle for checking during what they called the community night watch. The criminals opened fire on the crowd. Two villagers were also injured in the incident, said a police officer.\"We have arrested three accused and lodged FIR against them. We are interrogating them. The body of Harish has been sent for postmortem,\" said Narendra Khatana, SHO, Farrukhnagar police station.According to the police, two assailants entered the village in the car an intention of theft at midnight. But they were taken by surprise when a group of villagers, who were on community night vigil, asked them to stop. When they tried to reverse their car in an attempt to runaway, villagers blocked their way and raised an alarm.Within minutes, a mob of over 50 villagers cornered the criminals. \"When they realized that they couldn't simply runaway, one of them opened fire at us. At this point we knew that we were confronting criminals and attacked them in full force,\" said a villager.Soon after this, two more accused came to the spot trying to rescue the injured criminals. They claimed to be journalists and showed fake ID cards to the villagers. But when the locals told them that they would not let them take away the men until police arrived, they tried to open fire on villagers. But the angry mob overpowered them.While villagers claimed that during the tussle Harish ran into a live electric wire and died, some said that he was electrocuted by the mob. When asked, police said the cause of death could only be ascertained after the postmortem report arrived and the case was thoroughly probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "main (gaya)", "code": "15579711", "title": "Devotees throng Koteshwarnath temple", "text": "MAIN (GAYA): This 1200-year-old Lord Shiva temple, popularly known as Koteshwarnath temple, with a huge Shivlinga at the centre with over a 1,000 Shivlinga chiselled into it, at Main village under Belaganj block in Gaya district, attracting devotees since ages. Now people from across the state come here for fulfillment of their wishes.Located on the bank of river Morhar river at Main village, the temple's sanctum sanctorum is carved in a single piece of red stone and within it is installed a large sized Shivalinga with around 1,008 miniature Shivlingas around 1200 years back. People call it Sahastra Shivalinga built in-one and believe Lord Shiva here showers blessings on the devotees.An amazing thing near the Koteshwarnath temple is an old Pipal tree, whose large branches have turned towards the temple bending downwards as if offering prayers to Lord Shiva. The priests of this temple said that Lord Shiva is manifested in the Shivalinga.He said Koteshwarnath's blessings is equal to one crore (one koti) blessings. A sitting judge of Patna High Court Justice Shyam Kishore Sharma, a resident of Main village, has evinced keen interest in development of this temple.Koteshwarnath temple is now registered in the list of Bihar State Board of Religious Trusts as an ancient temple. Chairman, Board of Religious Trust, Kishore Kunal, confirmed that the temple is around 1,200 years old.He said historians have proved that the main Shivlinga bearing 1,008 miniature Shivalings were chiselled and installed by Shiva devotees till 800 century AD. Kunal also said in Gaya district itself, he had seen a smaller size Shivlinga with 1,008 miniature Shivlinga. A bridge has been constructed across river Morhar to reach the temple, though a 5.88 km long rural road linking Paibigaha to Koteshwarnath temple is also there. But this rural road is under construction for more than a year under Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yojana, which makes a journey to this temple from national highway quite arduous.Just above the sanctum sanctorum, a high and beautiful shikhar (spire) was constructed about a year back on the pattern of shikhar of South Indian temples.The construction work had been done by south Indian artisans. Adjacent to the temple is a recently constructed large marriage hall.The residents of village Main village and many devotees want to develop Koteshwarnath temple as a pilgrim place for developing religious tourism and their demand is to link the temple with an adjacent National Highway.Till a decade back, mostly locals thronged the temple. Bihar governor Devanand Konwar, assembly speaker Uday Narayan Chaudhary, retired IPS officer Kishore Kunal and a good number of present and former judges and lawyers of Patna High Court have already visited the temple to pay their obeisance.A bridge has been constructed across river Morhar to reach the temple, though a 5.88 km long rural road linking Paibigaha to Koteshwarnath temple is also there. But this rural road is under construction for more than a year under Pradhanmantri Gram Sadak Yojana, which makes a journey to this temple from national highway quite arduous.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583421", "title": "Singer of Hippie anthem 'San Francisco' dies", "text": "Singer Scott McKenzie , whose \"San Francisco\" became an anthem of the California city's 1967 \"Summer of Love\", died in Los Angeles, according to a statement on his web site. He was 73.McKenzie suffered from Guillain-Barre Syndrome, an ailment of the nervous system, and was hospitalized several times in the last two years of his life.The song \"San Francisco\" was composed by John Phillips of The Mamas and the Papas.McKenzie was born in Jacksonville, Florida, and raised in North Carolina and Virginia. In the 1950s he teamed up with Phillips, son of one of his mother's friends.McKenzie sang with Tim Rose in The Singing Strings, and then with Phillips, Mike Boran and Bill Clearly in The Abstracts, which later in New York became The Smoothies.In 1961 Phillips and McKenzie joined forces with Dick Weissman in The Journeymen band, which recorded three albums with Capitol Records.Years later, when Phillips was already part of The Mamas and the Papas, he composed and co-produced for McKenzie \"San Francisco (Be Sure To Wear Flowers In Your Hair)\".McKenzie also co-wrote the 1988 Beach Boys hit \"Kokomo\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578216", "title": "Municipal corporation of Gurgaon writes off Rs 150 cr that it lent to Faridabad", "text": "GURGAON: It seems all but certain that the municipal corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) is not going to get back the Rs 150 crore that it had loaned to its Faridabad counterpart a couple of years back.At the insistence of the state government, the MCG had at that time given this sum to the Faridabad municipal corporation as loan with interest.For some time now, all the 35 municipal councillors as well as the mayor have been demanding that this amount be returned so that it can be spent on the development of the millennium city. But all their efforts seem to have proved ineffective.According to the mayor and the municipal commissioner, the loaned amount will not come back. \"We can make a hue and cry and say that the municipal corporation of Faridabad (MCF) should give back the Rs 150 crore that we had loaned them, but the fact remains that it is never going to come back to us. We have tried our best to get back the money but we have failed. I think we should forget about it as there is little hope of retrieval,\" said Vimal Yadav, mayor, MCG.The commissioner too expressed his helplessness regarding this matter. \"We have reminded the state government time and again about the amount that the MCF needs to repay us but nothing much has been achieved. We can only keep tying as the interest is also building up,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, commissioner, MCG.The councillors are also miffed with this development. \"It is very unfortunate that in all likelihood we will not be getting back our own money back. We feel cheated as the state government is not doing anything to help us get the amount. Rs 150 crore is not a small amount by any measure and the interest generated in the past two years would have been enormous. The mayor and commissioner should not give up the fight so easily,\" said a councillor.Others allege that the mayor and commissioner don't seem to be serious about managing the corporation fund. \"Apart from the Rs 150 crore that we are all set to lose, the mayor and the executive members have not even bothered to collect the Rs 325 crore stamp duty that we were supposed to receive,\" said Subhash Singla, councillor, Ward 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578222", "title": "Gutka ban takes toll on pan vendors", "text": "GURGAON: Five days after ban on gutka and khaini came into force in the state, the impact is clearly visible. Prohibition on sale, storage and distribution of tobacco seems to be in full force, with pan shops and tobacco dealers completely stopping sale of gutka. They have either stopped getting gutka supplies or have stopped purchasing it themselves.Pan shop owners are suffering losses and have started selling betel nuts and various packaged mouth freshners.Gutka users, on the other hand, complain it has become difficult to get their daily dose. \"I'm not an addict. Gutka only freshens me up. I now have to drive to Kapasheha border to get a pouch,\" said Varun Singh.Even small tea vendors and pan shops were raided by officials and thousands of gutka pouches were seized. Name and contact number of the those selling gutka were registered by the officials, however, no one was fined.While small pan shop owners suffered a loss of Rs. 500 a day, big ones such as Prince Pan and Harish Pan had to lose Rs.700-1000 per day. However, small shops were the ones badly hit by the ban. \"I have suffered massive losses since the ban,\" said Manoj Verma, a pan stall owner on Railway Road.The ban is yet have its effect in outskirts of the city such as Farukhnagar, Dundaherha, Sohna among other places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15579091", "title": "Govt institutes award for children", "text": "PANAJI: The government has instituted the 'National child award for exceptional achievement' to give recognition to children with exceptional abilities and who have achieved outstanding status in various fields including academics, arts, culture, sports etc. Children between the age of four to 15 are considered for this award. One gold medal (at national level) and 35 silver medals (one for each state/UT) are given annually. The selection of awardees is done by a national selection committee headed by the minister of state (independent charge) ministry of women and child development. A prize of Rs 20,000, citation, certificate and a gold medal is given to the awardee of gold medal at the national level. For silver medal awardees, cash prize of Rs 10,000, citation, certificate and a silver medal is given to each awardee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578631", "title": "Nolambur residents\u2019 wait for road continues", "text": "CHENNAI: A thin file hidden in a stack of records in the municipal administration department is no ordinary document. It contains the hopes of more than 10,000 residents of Nolambur. The file contains a proposal to acquire land to lay a road that will connect Nolambur to the rest of the city.In June, following representations from residents of Nolambur phase 1, mayor Saidai S Duraisamy and other officials made an inspection and found the residents lacked basic amenities \u2014 roads, water and sewage connections. This is because a roughly hewn stretch named Sri Ram Nagar Main Road, which residents had been using since 2006, is stuck in litigation and not relaid. It was part of a village panchayat and private individuals claimed it was part of their land. They weren't willing to give it to the corporation.After inspection, the corporation proposed to acquire land from owners under the Land Acquisition Act for 87.37 lakh. The proposal was introduced as an urgency clause under the Act and approved by the council hardly two days later.However, nothing has moved since then. \"We are grateful for the civic body's timely response in deciding to acquire land, but we hope the process speeds up, and does not end up as one of its many forgotten promises,\" says Federation of Nolambur Residents Associations president G Suresh.Sriram Nagar Main Road and School Road are the only two access routes for residents of nearly 2,500 apartments in Nolambur to get to Bharathi Salai, a main road in West Mogappair, and from there to other areas in the city. \"People here work in areas such as Ambattur, Anna Nagar, Mount Road and Nungambakkam among others and need to use this road every day,\" says Jayanth Namboodiri, another resident.The other problem is the lack of water and sewage connections as the Chennai Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board, or Metrowater says it cannot lay pipes under disputed land. \"Metrowater says it has to belong to the local body,\" says G Suresh.\"After the resolution was passed we sent it to the government for approval. Once we get the go-ahead we will speed up the process,\" said the mayor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578716", "title": "Fake LPG delivery boys on the prowl", "text": "CHENNAI: Thieves posing as LPG delivery boys are giving a headache to the city police. They struck last Saturday, when two men posing as LPG cylinder delivery boys got into a house in Teachers Colony in Puzhal and stole 10 sovereigns of gold kept in a shelf. Two women, Ganasundhari, 80, and her daughter Bhuveneswari, 50, were at home when the 'delivery boys' came.Puzhal police have started an investigation to nab the men. Police sources said most of these gangs target residences of senior citizens. A police officer explains the modus operandi: \"They choose residences of senior citizens or women living alone. They seem to study the neighbourhood for a while before striking and know if the woman had booked a cylinder. In most of the incidents two men had operated together. While one keeps the resident engaged in a conversation, the other raids the place.\"LPG gas cyclinder distributors said they received several complaints. Capt R S Jagadeesan, president, All India LPG Distributors Association said: \"Consumers should be vigilant while permitting delivery persons inside the house. They should check the identity cards. If there are any complaints, then they should inform the distributor immediately.\"Then there are also LPG cylinder thefts. \"There is a huge demand for LPG cylinders. Some of the delivery boys take away cylinders from houses,\" a police officer said.A city-based distributer of Indane LPG said: \"The behaviour of some delivery boys has not be good. There are complaints of them collecting additional charges. We appoint them after doing background checks, but we don't always know what they are up to.\" But police said delivery boys are often appointed on contract without proper checks. Many of them are paid as less as Rs 3,000 a month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579422", "title": "Raj Thackeray snatching at Hindutva: CM", "text": "In response to the MNS rally to be held on Tuesday, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said party chief Raj Thackeray's main intention was to snatch away the Shiv Sena's Hindutva agenda and also test the waters on whether he could lure some Sena leaders to his party fold.At an interaction with journalists at his official residence, the CM said on Monday that health concerns and circumstances had weakened the Sena leadership of late and Raj was trying to take advantage of the situation. While Chavan said there was \"no reason to object to the MNS rally if it is carried out lawfully\", he warned of action \"if the law is violated\". But, he said, Raj intended to win over police and media personnel, since they were manhandled by the August 11 rioters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578512", "title": "Eight new traffic islands to come up in Ambad", "text": "NASHIK: The Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA) has decided to renovate the two existing traffic islands and develop another eight new ones in Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) through sponsors.The AIMA has given a proposal to the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare in this regard. Speaking to TOI, AIMA President Suresh Mali said, \"We have decided to renovate two existing traffic islands located at Xlo Point and a square near Siemens Ltd. Moreover, we are also planning to develop new traffic islands at around eight locations in Ambad MIDC through sponsors.\"He added, \"We have identified eight locations. These locations include Pathardi Phata, Meltron Point, Glaxo Point, Power House point, Mahindra Eugine point and Warehouse point. We had appealed to industries in Ambad MIDC to come forward to sponsor traffic islands. Accordingly, around 20 companies are ready to sponsor for new traffic islands in Ambad MIDC.\"Mali said that AIMA recently met the municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare and urged him to give his approval to develop traffic islands in Ambad MIDC. Work will begin on these traffic islands once NMC gives the permission.\"Our object is to make the industry in Nashik beautiful and green industry. As part of our social obligation, we have already launched a tree plantation drive in Ambad MIDC. On the first day of our drive on Friday, we planted around 600 trees in Ambad industrial areas and the drive will continue around a month. We have given a target of planting at least five saplings to each company at its industrial premises,\" Mali said.Incidentally, the NMC has already decided to develop the traffic islands in the city through sponsors. Accordingly, around 32 traffic islands in the city have been selected by 25 builders for repairs and maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15579074", "title": "Inter-ministerial central team to visit lower Assam today", "text": "NEW DELHI: A team of seven senior central government officials from different ministries will visit Assam on Tuesday to assist the state government in the rehabilitation of people affected by recent violence.The inter-ministerial delegation of joint secretaries will also assess the relief and rehabilitation requirements in the state during their three-day visit.The delegation will visit lower Assam districts of Kokrajhar, Dhubri, Chirang and Baksa - all severely affected during the recent violence between Bodos and Muslims. The group will take stock of the steps being taken for relief and rehabilitation of those affected and also chalk out the future course of action.The delegation is being coordinated by joint secretary (northeast) in the home ministry Shambhu Singh. Apart from Singh, the delegation includes joint secretary (disaster management) R K Srivastava and officials from the ministries of health, rural development, food, department of drinking water and Planning Commission.The team will hold meetings with state government officials and take stock of the plans being chalked out to implement the Rs 300-crore relief package announced by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for violence-hit survivors. Singh had announced the package during his recent visit to some violence-hit areas.On Monday, the officials held a meeting with Cabinet secretary Ajit Seth which was also attended by Union home secretary R K Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579535", "title": "Haryana opposition demands action against Sirsa SP, IG for shielding Kanda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Opposition parties in Haryana are demanding action against Sirsa SP and IG (range) for allegedly shielding former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda in his hometown Sirsa, where he is said to have spent three days from August 8 to 10.Demanding suspension of the two officers, leaders of opposition parties, including INLD, BJP and Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC), said that the police looked the other way and did not hand over Kanda to their Delhi counterparts as bigwigs, including the state chief minister, did not want this to happen.Opposition party leaders are preparing to take on the ruling Congress party over the matter in the forthcoming monsoon session of the state assembly, beginning August 24.HJC chief Kuldeep Bishnoi said Hisar range (IG) A S Chawla and Sirsa SP Devender Yadav should be suspended for \"letting Kanda hide\" in an area under their jurisdiction. \"It's a case of deliberate intelligence failure and of shielding an accused, which cannot be possible without the involvement of chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda ,\" he said.INLD leader Om Prakash Chautala spoke in a similar vein, saying, \"You cannot expect anything from this government. That is why we had approached the Centre. We will raise this issue in the assembly as well.\"Anil Vij, leader of BJP legislature party in Haryana, accused the Hooda government of patronizing Kanda and other independent MLAs, who were involved in criminal cases, because they had given support to the government.However, Hisar SP Devender Yadav rubbished the allegations, saying, \"Delhi police teams were stationed here for 10 days. We extended all support to them. We have nothing to comment over the controversy.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579136", "title": "Two security guards murdered", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two private security guards were brutally murdered on Sunday night at a construction site near Sowripalayam in the city. Police said, their heads were smashed with stones. A special team has been formed to nab the culprit.According to the police, the deceased have been identified as D Elango (63) and K Ramasamy (69) of Sowripalayam. Police said, the duo was working as private security guard at a construction site at Maniyakarar Thottam near Sowripalayam in the city.Police said Mani, a construction worker of Kumbakonam, stayed in the construction site only. He consumed liquor and quarreled with the two security guards. The duo informed the building owner about the matter. The owner instructed the security guards that they should not allow Mani to stay there.On Sunday morning, Elango was on duty and was waiting for Ramasamy for night shift. Meanwhile, Mani came to the construction site and tried to stay there. But Elango did not allow him to stay and a quarrel ensued between them. Police suspect Mani took a stone and smashed Elango's head. Elango sustained severe head injuries and died on the spot. Meanwhile, the night duty security guard Ramasamy came to the site and tried to nab the culprit. However, Mani then attacked Ramasamy, who died on the spot. Later, Mani fled from the construction site.It was only after a truck came to the site and the driver noticed the duo brutally murdered; Peelamedu police was informed. Assistant commissioner of police (east sub division-law and order), P Chandramohan and inspector, Karthikeyan rushed to the spot and inquired with the neighbours about the murder. A sniffer dog was also taken to the crime scene. The dead bodies were sent to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for post mortem and later handed over to their relatives on Monday afternoon.\"We suspect previous enmity between the security guard and the absconding construction worker. A special team has been sent to Kumbakonam to nab the accused,\" said Chandramohan.Police sources said the culprit did not use mobile phone. The city police have drawn a sketch of the said accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "after a gap of six years, uddhav and raj have hit upon a common agenda", "code": "15579381", "title": "Uddhav Thackeray, Raj Thackeray make peace over riot", "text": "After a gap of six years, Uddhav and Raj have hit upon a common agenda: going after the government over the August 11 Azad Maidan violence.Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray on Monday called for the resignation of home minister R R Patil and Mumbai police commissioner Arup Patnaik. Armed with a similar demand, MNS chief Raj Thackeray will lead a party morcha in the city on Tuesday. The MNS rank and file were busy on Monday chalking out strategies for the show of strength, while the state administration and the city police planned moves to defuse tension.Uddhav's visit to the re-constructed Amar Jawan Jyoti memorial near CST on Monday has set the tone, as it were, for the MNS's long march on Tuesday, say Sena watchers. \"Patil and Patnaik should remember that Maharashtra is not their birthday cake, which they can cut according to their wish,\" said Uddhav. He was appropriately dressed for the occasion\u2014a saffrom scarf wrapped around the shoulders and a tilak on the forehead.Speaking informally to mediapersons, Uddhav said he would welcome \"anyone and everyone\" who shares the Sena's \"patriotic, nationalistic Hindutva\" to be with his party. By saying this, Uddhav indicated a thaw in his ties with Raj, a senior Sena leader said.Later in the day, Raj addressed a press conference, where he refrained from making any controversial remarks about the Sena or Uddhav's visit to the memorial.\"It is quite likely that Uddhavsaheb and Rajsaheb will sink their differences and come together on the August 11 issue,\" said a senior Sena leader. Uddhav's recent ailment cleared the decks for his reunion with Raj. Cancelling his two-day party conclave in Alibaug, Raj drove back to Mumbai to be at Uddhav's bedside when the latter went in for an angiography at Lilavati Hospital.Raj even drove Uddhav back to Matoshree and spent an hour with Balasaheb Thackeray and Uddhav's wife and children. He was present at Lilavati when Uddhav underwent an angioplasty four days later. Since then, the two have been in \"constant touch\" with each other. The MNS chief routinely talks to the Sena CEO over the phone, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "15582477", "title": "Ex-clerk fined Rs 25,000 for delay in information", "text": "Berhampur: The State Information Commission has imposed a penalty of Rs 25,000 on the former head clerk of District Inspector of Schools, Aska, for allegedly delaying providing information on a Right to Information (RTI) application.Suryamani Behera is presently working as junior accountant in the Digapahandi panchayat samiti. The commission has directed him to deposit the penalty amount in one installment in government treasury within a month of receiving the order that was dispatched recently.\"If he fails to deposit the amount within one month, the Block Development Officer (BDO), Digapahandi, will take steps to recover the amount in 10 equal and consecutive monthly installments from his salary beginning October,\" the order read.Sidharth Prasad Das of Berhampur, the complainant in his petition to the commission had alleged that he was not provided with the information required by him by the person concerned. He was seeking the information under the RTI application on November 15, 2009.After hearing the explanation from the person, the commission observed the delay of more than 100 days in the process appears to be a clear negligence on the part of the former clerk, the information officer and imposed penalty for his negligence of duty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579234", "title": "'Patna BJP to enrol 15L new members'", "text": "PATNA: The state BJP, under its membership drive, would make 15 lakh new members by the middle of next month, following which organisational elections would be held.This exercise to enrol new members and renew the membership of old members is spread over all 243 state assembly constituencies, the party's state chief Dr C P Thakur said, adding focused attention was being paid to 151 constituencies.The BJP had contested 102 assembly constituencies during the 2010 elections and won 91 of them. The party is trying to entrench itself in at least 151 assembly constituencies, which would be achieved by opening organisational units from district and blocks down to the panchayat level.Dr Thakur last week discussed the nitty-gritty of the membership drive at the two meetings of key representatives from the districts, blocks and assembly constituencies concerned, held at the party's state headquarters.After the meeting, he clarified that the focus on 151 assembly constituencies was a routine matter, and nothing much should be read into it, since every political party tries to expand its reach gradually. According to him, the party had not yet decided the number of seats it would contest.He said the increasing number of mega scams, including what is termed Coalgate, implying a huge loss to the government's coffers as computed by the CAG , had put the UPA on back foot. Given the demands for the resignation of its government at the Centre in this backdrop, a well-oiled organisational machinery would be required to reach out to people during polls, Dr Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "surat/rajkot/vadodara", "code": "15582527", "title": "Congress banks on homepage strategy", "text": "SURAT/RAJKOT/VADODARA: A near-stampede like situation prevailed across Gujarat's cities and towns as lakhs of poor women crammed hundreds of centers to register themselves for a house \"of their own\" in state Congress' affordable housing scheme 'Ghar nu Ghar'.Serpentine queues were seen across the state for registration since early morning and the inflow of women only increased by the day. The mad scramble for forms also sparked skirmishes between Congress workers and women at many places.In Junagadh, at least four persons received minor injuries in a scuffle with party workers in Khadia area. Congressmen were seen struggling to pacify women, who entered into heated arguments with them. Some women were also seen fighting with each other amid the melee.Forms distribution had to be cancelled in Surendranagar after Congress fell short of people to manage the situation due to utter chaos after nearly 5,000 women gathered at Hindu Samaj ni Vadi. The gathering only swelled after the distribution, which was to begin at 9:30 am, started late.\"We never anticipated such a rush,\" Rajkot city Congress president Jaswantsinh Bhatti said. Those in charge of distribution in Rajkot were seen making desperate calls to Congress headquarters demanding more forms. Nearly 1.20 lakh forms were distributed in 23 centers in as many wards.In Surat, the long queues that began since morning were seen witnessed till the evening at 25 spots across 10 assembly constituencies where nearly 2.25 lakh applications were distributed.In Bharuch, several women had to return empty-handed as the organizers ran out of forms. Hussainbanu Saiyed said, \"I left by daily wage work to collect the form. They asked to come tomorrow. But how I can afford to lose my daily wages again?\"One woman was injured in Vadodara when she went to collect the form at a centre in the Sayaji Park after chaos there. Some chaos was also witnessed at the centres at Nizampura and Khanderao Market. At around half-a-dozen places, the centres were closed early due to the mess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583611", "title": "Eid festivities grip Indore", "text": "INDORE: Members of Muslim community celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr in the city on Monday with fervour. The main namaz was offered at Sadar Bazaar, Idgah.Addressing the gathering, shahar quazi Dr Ishrat Ali said we must observe the Ramzan for the remaining eleven months as it shows how to control our heart and mind so that we are closer to god. He said the real Muslim, wherever he goes, would spread fragrance.Soon after the address, Muslims greeted each other and exchanged gifts at the Idgah. They prayed for the peace and tranquility.On the occasion, collector Akash Tripathi, SSP A Sai Manohar, mayor Krishna Murai Moghe, MPCC chief Kantilal Bhuriya, BJP MLA Ramesh Mendola and others greeted members of the community. Despite heavy rains on Monday morning, large number of Muslims turned up at Idgah. Police force was deployed in Sadar Bazaar, Chhoti Gwatoli, Khazrana, Chandan Nagar, And Azad Nagar. Apart from the forces, fire tenders and ambulances were kept ready.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577863", "title": "Santa Cruz case: Tattoo may hold key to murder victim\u2019s identity", "text": "MUMBAI: The police are verifying the identity of the Santa Cruz murder victim with the help of a peacock tattoo on her left arm and CCTV footage of the area.Santa Cruz police found the nude body of an unidentified woman on Saturday near a nullah and are investigating the case. The crime branch is also conducting parallel probe in the case. An officer said, \"Our sources say women in Rajasthan have such tattoos.\"The police suspect that the accused had killed the woman somewhere else and dumped her body near the nullah. The police also believed that the accused may have used a vehicle to dump the body. The accused had inflicted several injuries on the woman's face with a sharp weapon.The police found no evidence at the spot to establish the woman's identity. Surprisingly, the accused dumped the body at a spot which is close to a traffic police chowky and not far from the police station.Senior inspector of Santa Cruz police station, Arun Chavan, said, \"The woman may have been killed over some personal enmity. We checked missing person records around the city to establish her identity, but in vain.\"An officer said that mostly all the missing person cases are reported to the police unless he or she has been abandoned by their respective families. Cops are also probing bargirls and women involved in prostitution to establish the victim's identity. In the last three weeks, four women were killed in different parts of the city, raising the possibility of serial killing. The police are comparing the details of all four cases to reach a final conclusion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578034", "title": "Police denied Chaddha\u2019s 3-day custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Monday dismissed Delhi Police's plea for three-day police custody of former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda's employee Aruna Chaddha, to \"confront\" her with the former minister in connection with the Geetika Sharma suicide case.Even as police said they needed Chaddha's custody to confront her with the documents that had been recovered during probe, metropolitan magistrate Vipin Kharb rejected the application as they failed to produce the record of the documents. \"The prosecution failed to show documents which could show that the accused needs to be confronted with the documents recovered after the arrest of Kanda,\" the magistrate said, adding that the record did not contain any recovery memo mentioning the hard disks police want to confront her with.The court, however, said police could file a fresh application seeking Chaddha's custody on Tuesday, and extended her judicial custody by a day. Chaddha was remanded in 14-day judicial custody on August 16. During the hearing, public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan had said Chaddha needed to be confronted as the documents indicated she was acting at his behest against the victim.\"Mail contents, SMSs and call details point at accused Aruna Chaddha's involvement in instigating Geetika to commit suicide, so she needs to be confronted. After Kanda's arrest, we have recovered hard disks, some society registration papers and a threatening e-mail letter sent from MDLR Group companies on behalf of Kanda. So, presently Aruna is to be confronted face to face with Kanda,\" Mohan said.Chaddha's counsel Kriti Uppal said if the probe agency had seized the hard disks and documents, they could find out who had sent the written content to whom and on whose behalf.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583579", "title": "Indore girls pack a punch with karate", "text": "INDORE: They are young, energetic and have the caliber to protect themselves if anybody messes around with them. The city girls are actively taking up martial arts for self-defence these days.Reena Chauhan, a student and a three-time national level gold medalist, says, \"Now, no one dares to mess around with me especially after knowing that I have been learning martial arts. I am a black belt champ. I won black belt from Khandala, and now I am preparing for Russian World Championship.\"Taking a cue from Reena, her friends and batch mates too got encouraged and are learning self-defence.Mahesh Kushwah, chief coach of Shotokan Chidokan Karate Do Federation, India, says, \"Many girls are joining our organization to learn Karate. They are aware about self-defence. Many schools and colleges have made it compulsory for students to learn martial art.\"Monalisa Yadav, a karate champion and a coach, says \"I have many girls, who work till late night, joining my academy. They feel it necessary to learn protect oneself against the anti-social elements,\" she adds.Mohan Kanojiya, who is a trainer at Karate No Michi World Federation also says that martial art enhances physical fitness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579811", "title": "About 150 people leave for northeast", "text": "PUNE: A mere 100 to 150 people from the northeast boarded the Azad Hind Express on Monday evening. The numbers were down significantly from the thousands who went back to their hometowns last week.As a result, the railway administration did not attach any additional coach to the rake on Monday. \"The scene at platform number one from where the train to Howrah left on Monday was like any other day's. Around 50 unreserved tickets for Howrah were sold. On Thursday and Friday, two additional coaches had to be attached to the rake to clear the rush of passengers. On Saturday, one coach was added,\" an official of the railway administration said.An RPF official said the crowd on Monday was mainly due to Eid. \"Many were returning to their home states after celebrating Eid in Pune. A few people from the northeast were on the train,\" he said.Ramas Das, a resident of Assam, who boarded the train with his family, said he was returning home as many of his colleagues had already left the city over the last three days. Das said his relatives in Assam wanted them back. \"They stay in a remote area. Regular communication with them is not possible. It would be better if I go home for a few days,\" Das added.Soma Hazara, another resident of Assam, said he would return to Pune after a few days. \"People in Assam advised me to return for a few days. The situation there is still not normal,\" Hazara said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai/pune", "code": "15577637", "title": "Minor not sexually abused, says medical report", "text": "MUMBAI/PUNE: The medical report of the minor boy who was allegedly sexually abused by Dombivli-based education baron Shivajirao Jondhale did not show any such signs, said the police.On Monday, the boy was provided with police protection after he claimed that he was facing a threat to his life from Sagar, Shivajirao's son. Sagar had earlier lodged a complaint alleging that his father had sexually abused the boy at his farmhouse in Malshej Ghat, Pune.Rohidas Chikate, senior inspector at the Otur police station in Pune district, said: \"The boy's medical report confirmed that he was not physically abused, as was claimed by the complainant in the FIR.\" Asked if they would take action against Sagar, he added: \"We are still investigating the case and will take further action depending on the circumstances.\"The boy, meanwhile, told the police that Sagar was forcing him to give a statement against Shivajirao. He also requested for police protection, which was granted. Sagar, however, was not available for comment. Shivajirao visited the police station along with the boy on Monday. The minor reiterated that Sagar's complaint was false and that he was not physically abused in the farmhouse.The Otur police recorded the boy's statement in the presence of two witnesses. The minor told the cops that as Sagar lodged the false complaint as he wanted to settle scores with Shivajirao.Speaking to TOI over phone, the boy said: \"Sagar has maligned my image and now he is trying to pressure me into giving a statement against his father. If anything happens to me, then Sagar will be responsible for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583332", "title": "Shuttler Rajkumar bags gold in state meet", "text": "LUDHIANA: Badminton player Rajkumar Chander brought laurels to the city by bagging a gold medal in Senior Punjab State Badminton championship (men's doubles) held at Jalandhar, recently.Rajkumar bagged the medal with his Patiala-based partner Harinder Singh. The duo beat Abhinav Manota and Anand Tiwari in two sets, 21-19 and 21-13. With this win, Rajkumar, 24, has secured a place in state team for national and north zone badminton tournaments. The national badminton meet is scheduled be held at Srinagar, Jammu &amp; Kashmir in September and north zone tournament would be held at Rajasthan in the coming week.Stressing that the win in a doubles match is all about the coordination between partners, Rajkumar said, \"I am delighted with the achievement and will try to maintain this performance in coming tournaments as well. The final match was very interesting and competitive as our opponents were also very experienced. I believe, what really got us the medal was the excellent coordination between me and my partner.\"Working as clerk with northern railways, Rajkumar makes it a point to spare some time every day for practice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15577515", "title": "MP invites Noida industries to set up shop in state", "text": "NOIDA: The BJP government in Madhya Pradesh is wooing Noida entrepreneurs with 'cheap land and excellent infrastructure facilities' to set shop in their state following reports that industrialists wanted to move out of Uttar Pradesh. A delegation of officials from MP government department of industries will visit Delhi on August 24 and meet representatives of Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA).Last week, NEA had written to the Narendra Modi government in Gujarat expressing willingness to set up industries in Mehsana district within the next two years if they are provided land and good infrastructure at cheap rates. Earlier, NEA had made its intentions clear to the Samajwadi Party government in Uttar Pradesh threatening to move out of the state if infrastructural facilities for the industrial sector, primarily power supply, are not improved.The Madhya Pradesh Laghu Udyog Nigam Limited has written to NEA to meet RK Chaturvedi, industries commissioner in the department of commerce, industry and employment. In the meeting on August 24, modalities will be worked out to provide a suitable base for Noida industries in Madhya Pradesh.\"The delegation will give us a presentation of the facilities that will be made available for industries in their state. We have been promised round-the-clock power supply, which is far from available in UP,\" said Vipin Malhan, president of NEA.Noida industries, which have been failing to meet target outputs due to poor power supply, had in the past also complained that successive governments in Uttar Pradesh have not formulated a tax regime in the state for industries to flourish. Industries in UP are forced to pay 'entry tax' on at least 15 items of raw materials, including iron &amp; steel, paper, wood and diesel, while their counterparts in neighbouring states are exempt from it.\"Due to high purchase cost on account of entry tax on raw materials, we are not on a level-playing field with industries in neighbouring states. We have also been assured by the MP government of a suitable tax regime apart from a healthy law and order environment,\" Malhan added.Industrialists have been exploring options even though chief minister, Akhilesh Yadav , reacting to reports of industries seeking greener pastures, had on Saturday said that the state's new industry policy would create a positive atmosphere and industries will come to UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579240", "title": "Three killed in separate road accidents", "text": "COIMBATORE: Three persons including a six-year-old girl died in different road mishaps on the outskirts of the city in the last two days.Police said R Ranjith alias Jeevan, 32, of Somaiyanur, worked at a textile shop. He along with his wife Rajeswari, 29 and his daughter Harshavarthini, went to Somaiyanur on a motorcycle to attend a house warming ceremony on Monday morning. A speeding truck coming from the opposite direction, dashed against the motorcycle at Ragavendra Nagar. Harshavarthini was thrown off the motorcycle and came under the wheels of the truck. She died on the spot. Ranjith and Rajeswari sustained severe injuries and were rushed to Ganga hospital. Ranjith died at the hospital without responding to treatment on Monday evening. Thudiyalur police have registered a case and arrested the truck driver Senthil Kumar, 34 from Palladam.In another incident, a 28-year-old man was killed in a road mishap after a speeding motorcycle hit his bike at Perianaickenpalayam on Sunday afternoon. Perianaickenpalayam police registered a case and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578191", "title": "Alert issued at Maharashtra tourist spots", "text": "MUMBAI:Accidental deaths at tourist spots like waterfalls and beaches over the past weekend has forced the state tourism department to issue an alert to the public about precautions and possible dangers at a few risky spots.In Mumbai, Aksa and Juhu beaches are dangerous during the monsoon.MTDC MD Jagdish Patil said Thoseghar waterfall in Satara, waterfalls at Malshej Ghat, in Amboli valley, Napane in Sindhudurg, Varanda Ghat, Bhushi dam and Mahabaleshwar can prove fatal if proper precautions are not taken. In Navi Mumbai, Pandavkada waterfall in Kharghar valley has been closed for tourists. The MTDC is all set to come out with a tender for buying beach-safety equipment, vehicles, lights, and getting trained sailors and divers besides special baywatch towers to keep vigil at major beaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577704", "title": "Maha shame: Maharashtra tops in child murders", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra tops the list of places most dangerous for children under 10 years of age to live in, as it has the highest number of murder victims in this age group. And when the age bar is raised to 18 years, the state slips a tad to second spot, just behind Uttar Pradesh. So, it comes as no surprise that of the top seven cities in the country having the worst crime record on children, three from the state\u2014Mumbai, Pune and Nagpur\u2014figure in that list.The National Crime Records Bureau data between 2006 and 2011 show that Maharashtra with murders of 461 boys and 430 girls under 10 years of age is far ahead of states like Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Bihar. As for the total number of children up to the age of 18 killed, Maharashtra has seen 757 boys and 639 girls murdered, taking the toll to 1,396 deaths in six years.Most of the deaths have been caused by either sexual abuse or crime committed for money. There are instances of domestic violence also that have claimed the lives of children, experts said. \"Most of the sexual abuse cases that come to light are from the lower class of society. Such cases happen in the upper class too but few get reported or noticed,\" said Bina Seth Laskshri, a member of the Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights.Among the cities, although Delhi is on top of the pecking order, Mumbai with 66 murders takes the second place, followed by Pune at 55 deaths. Nagpur comes seventh in the list of cities with 42 children up to 18 years of age killed.\"In Mumbai, some child killings could be attributed to kidnapping. Social factors specific to many slums could be another cause of children getting killed during domestic strife or sexual abuse,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty.Deputy commissioner of police Dhananjay Kulkarni said barring a few cases of killing for ransom, such crimes are not committed by professional killers. \"It is observed that the child is a victim mostly in cases of sexual abuse. They are soft targets and people take advantage of it. In most of the cases, the accused is known to the child and that helps in luring the victim,\" he said.Former IPS officer-turned-lawyer Y P Singh said the high level of addiction to liquor, drugs, gambling and prostitution among male heads of family in Maharashtra leads to incidences of domestic violence, particularly in the middle and lower income groups. \"Most of the victims get killed during such domestic violence,\" he said.Former police commissioner of Thane S P S Yadav also said that domestic violence was a big factor in child murders. For instance, in March 2011, 32-year-old chartered accountant Nidhi Gupta flung her two children to death from the 19th floor of her housing society and then jumped to her death. \"The child becomes a victim when there is a rift between the father and the mother,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578387", "title": "1 booked for mishap at Mumbai Naka", "text": "NASHIK: The Sarkarwada police have registered an offence against Krishna Rajput of Ambedkarwadi for the damage of two vehicles due to rash driving. According to the complaint, on Sunday morning, Rajput was driving a truck from Suyash Hospital towards Mumbai Naka. He first hit a car ahead of him and later a motorcycle rider Ramesh Hingne. Hingne suffered injuries. Probes are underway.In another case, a complaint registered with the Adgaon police said a tanker driver was responsible for injuring two bikers. According to Rajkumar Singh of Vrindavan Nagar, on Satuday night, the driver knocked down his bike near Ramleela Lawns. Singh lost control and collided against another bike. Two persons Sandeep Titare (26) and Nilesh (20) on the other bike were injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578784", "title": "Corporation plans 3-storey hawkers' complex in congested Saidapet", "text": "CHENNAI: A three-storey hawkers' complex of the Corporation of Chennai, housing fruit, vegetable, fish and flower vendors, is expected to come up soon in Saidapet. It will have an elevator, toilets and a parking lot and will accommodate nearly 350 vendors.Tenders for the complex, which is to come up on Jenis Street on land where several hawkers now sell their wares, are likely to be floated in a couple of months. \"We finalised the decision to construct the complex following repeated complaints,\" said a senior corporation official. The complex is estimated to cost 3 crore.Federation of Small Traders Associations general secretary B Karunanidhi, however, said, the idea was not practical. \"Most buyers would not be willing to climb three floors and vendors would again be forced on to the road.\" He also said proper maintenance should be ensured. \"Most of the time, such complexes are not maintained properly and this keeps buyers away.\"Corporation officials said it was to resolve this that an elevator was proposed. \"Buyers need not to climb stairs to purchase things from top floors. A parking lot will also be provided,\" an official said.Hawkers are excited. They want the corporation to provide at least 40 sq ft of space for each stall. \"Most corporation complexes are crowded and congested. This one should be designed to provide enough air circulation,\" said R Selvam.Another vendor, Maheswari, said: \"The idea is good, but there is no clarity on rehabilitation of vendors who will be evicted from here. I have been selling vegetables here for the last two years,\" she saidCommuters and buyers are happy. \"There is no place to park vehicles in the present market. Also, there is traffic congestion because of the vendors on the road. If the vendors are evicted from these stretches, it will be a relief for motorists,\" said N Murugeshan, a buyer.However, the proposal could draw criticism as two such complexes in Ayanavaram and Pondy Bazar remain unused. A building housing 332 shops in Ayanavaram and one housing 644 shops in Pondy Bazaar are now being used by miscreants for anti-social activities. Corporation officials said the complex at Pondy Bazaar was not open as a case filed by some hawkers was pending in the Supreme Court and that the hawkers' committee would finalise the list of allotees for the Ayanavaram complex in a couple of weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579109", "title": "7,657 seats still vacant in MBA, MCA colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A total 7,657 seats have remained vacant in MBA and MCA colleges after the completion of third round of admission. Officials said that 5,539 seats have remained vacant in MBA colleges, while 2,118 seats are lying vacant in MCA colleges.Considering the high number of vacant seats, there is a possibility of 10 colleges closing down which have not received a single student.Officials said that the vacant seats will now be handed over to the respective colleges to be filled. Giving a low down on the admissions, admission committee officials said that there are eight MBA colleges and one MCA colleges where not a single student took admission.There are 32 MBA colleges and eight MCA colleges where less than 10 students have taken admission, while there are 41 MBA colleges and 11 MCA colleges where less than 20 students have taken admission.In all, there are 132 MBA colleges of which 45 colleges have got 100 per cent admissions, while of the 86 MCA colleges only 45 colleges have received cent per cent admissions.\"The popularity of management courses has plummeted among students who prefer to look for other career options. The reason is saturation in this area. Job opportunities in management courses have decreased like never before. Moreover, a large number of MBA seats are in collages situated in rural parts of the state where there is a dearth staff and lack of infrastructure,\" said an academician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15579138", "title": "Two tourists rescued off Baga beach", "text": "PANAJI: Life guards attached to Drishti special response services rescued two tourists swimming off Baga beach on Sunday afternoon.Officials said that three tourists from Bangalore, including Hussain Moraud and Shabber Zakhe, were swimming in a no-swim zone in front of the Baga lifeguard tower. Due to a lateral current, two of them drifted 50m seawards and were struggling to swim back to shore.Lifeguard Sidharth Sawant then rushed to the victims with a rescue board. He was joined by life guards Anil Gaonkar and Raj Shetye.As one of the rescued tourist had difficulty in breathing, he was rushed to the Candolim primary health centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584632", "title": "Group plans trip to top of the world on FB", "text": "Apparently, there's more to social networking than meets the eye. Who would have thought you could meet just the right strangers to take with you on a trip to the top of the world.In a bid to test their mental prowess and to prove that there's more to holidaying than beach getaways, spas and luxurious hotels; a group of eight adventure enthusiasts are set to travel all the way up to the North Pole in February 2013. This small group of eight people will leave for the expedition on February 23 from Delhi and traverse a not-so-tourist-friendly terrain to reach their destination- the top of the world, literally!The participating men and women have already met curator Vikrant Nath, convincing him of their sanity, there are few who'd agree to undertake such a dangerous expedition after all. Not only have they proven that they are in the right frame of mind to undergo a rigorous not-so-holiday-like routine, but they have also had to convince Vikrant of their social behaviour. \"I have met everyone going on the trip. It is essential to go in a small group because of the difficult climatic conditions. It is also essential to know everyone who is going on the expedition because if everyone else is amicable and one person stands out like a sore thumb, it ruins the experience,\" says Vikrant.What's interesting is the fact that the group comprises people from Delhi and Mumbai, all complete strangers to each other but willing to take this trip, just for thrill's sake. Vikrant posted a few lines about the trip on his wall and was immediately contacted by interested people looking to travel. When asked why he preferred to go with a bunch of strangers as opposed to a group of known friends , he said, \"Indians are poor travellers. I don't mean this in terms of finances but when it comes to travelling, they want all their luxuries around, including a cook to travel with them. I wanted to take a bunch of people to experience what I have experienced and to know the thrill of a real expedition. This is a trip that will not only enthrall you but also leave you with a sense of personal achievement.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15572488", "title": "Onam special trains from Yesvantpur to Ernakulam junction", "text": "MANGALORE: Southern Railway will operate two trains to clear the extra rush during Onam festival from Yesvantpur to Ernakulam junction. Train 06543/06544 Yesvantpur - Ernakulam Junction - Yesvantpur weekly express will comprise of 16 coaches including one 3-tier AC coach, one chair car coach, seven unreserved coaches, six sleeper class coaches and two luggage cum brake van coaches.The train is scheduled to leave Yesvantpur on August 27 and September 3 at 9.15am; and will reach Ernakulam Junction at 9.30pm the same day. Stops have been provided at Banaswadi, Krishnarajapuram, Bangarpet, Kuppam, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Ottapalam, Thrissur, Aluva and Ernakulam Jn.Train 06549/06550 Yesvantpur - Ernakulam Junction - Yesvantpur Garibrath express will comprise of 18 coaches comprising sixteen 3-tier AC coaches and two luggage cum brake van coaches. The train is scheduled to leave Yesvantpur on August 22 and 29 at 9pm and will arrive at Ernakulam junction at 8.10am the following day. These trains will have stops at Banaswadi, Hosur, Dharmapuri, Salem, Erode, Tiruppur, Coimbatore, Palakkad, Ottapalam, Thrissur, Aluva, Ernakulam Town and Ernakulam Junction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578476", "title": "Just like you", "text": "There are lots of theories about the fighting going on in the northeast. There are also lots of rumours going on about the exodus of NE people from the cities of the south, especially Bangalore. It is difficult to know what the whole truth is, but there are certain indisputable things.The displacement of people, whether it is the 400,000 internally displaced in Assam itself, or the tens of thousands fleeing the cities, are both fundamentally wrong. It does great harm to families, it destroys the economic aspirations of very large numbers of people, and it results in the sort of internal harm to India that takes decades to heal.We may ask why is any of this happening. There are many answers, but if we observe closely we will realise that the most common answer to this question is a kind of 'tit-for-tat'. Bodos, northeasterners in general, Muslims, Bangladeshis , Hindu parivar, local unemployed... no matter who speaks, we hear a uniform complaint - 'they are hurting us, and that's why we have to 'defend' ourselves'.The 'tit-for-tat' explanation is a foolish and self-destructive one. It will ruin the nation. But in the eyes of many, it is also a reasonable one that justifies grossly inhuman behaviour. And here is the irony - even those who engage in or agree with any piece of the tit-for-tat scenarios also agree that it is bad for India.This is the question we must be prepared to ask and answer. Why do so many Indians seem willing to tolerate things that they themselves know to be plainly bad for the country?For all the talk about one nation, and 65 years of political unity, and so on, the people of India do not have a consciousness of ourselves as one people. And as an extension of that, we have not built the capacity to see anyone else in the world as 'just like us'.Coupled to this, many sub-cultures of India have built great volumes describing themselves as victims. From the highest, most empowered castes and classes to the weakest ones, from the dominant religious traditions to the smallest ones, from majority races to numerically small ones, it seems the one thing common to all Indians is a feeling of persecution for being who they are!The only time we think about identity, it is to differentiate ourselves from others, and to claim victimhood or special rights. The 'unity in diversity' is only in our sufferings, real and imaginary. We have not learned to be united in prospering and developing.And our politicians have learned to mirror this, even stoke it. They have no interest in solving problems. Their only interest has become in telling us who is responsible for these problems, and in getting us to hate the 'others' as 'not Indians', 'not patriotic',... not like us.Gandhiji had the right answer, even on the first Independence Day. We must learn to see that 'I am just like you' and 'You are just like me'. Every aspiration of ours will be on hold until that happens.(The writer is a member, ABIDe)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579577", "title": "Will Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank fraud case move ahead today?", "text": "NAGPUR: All eyes will be on the hearing of Rs 150 crore Nagpur District Central Cooperative Bank (NDCCB) fraud case that has Congress MLA from Saoner Sunil Kedar as the main accused and one more hearing comes up in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) on Tuesday. The 11 accused in the case have so far avoided even charges being framed by simple expedient of remaining absent by turns.The 12-year-old case cannot move further till the charges are framed. The law says all the accused have to be present at the hearing for charges to be framed. In the last hearing held on July 30, only five of the accused were present. The judge had issued non-bailable warrants (NBWs) against those not present. It may indeed be a mockery of justice if the accused once again manage to buy time on Tuesday too.Even though the judge issued NBWs earlier, it has not been of much help. The warrants are cancelled once an accused appears. So those against whom warrants are issued appear in the subsequent hearing but others do not turn up. On July 3 hearing, Kedar appeared but many others did not. In the next hearing, held on July 30, the earlier absentees came but Kedar made himself scarce and a NBW was issued against him. The story has continued all these years with court neither splitting up the case nor cancelling bail of accused, both of which it is empowered to do.Sources say most accused may remain present on Tuesday. However, one of them Kanan Mevawala, is absconding. If the case has to be proceeded further, her litigation will have to separated from that of others. Another accused Mahendra Agrawal lives in Kolkata and is reported by his counsel to have been bed-ridden as his spinal chord was damaged in an accident. Senior lawyers said court should enforce presence by arresting the accused so that charges are framed and the case moves further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577657", "title": "Samta Andolan Samiti members gear up to protest quota bill", "text": "JAIPUR: In the run up to the Bharat Bandh called on August 22 to protest against the proposed bill on reservation in promotions, the Samta Andolan Samiti supporters have announced to wear black bands to their offices and observe a \"black out\" by turning off the lights at their residences and commercial establishments for an hour on Tuesday evening.A delegation of the Samiti's state heads from Rajasthan, Delhi and Karnataka met Leader of Opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj on Monday to seek support against the bill that is to be tabled in the lower house on August 22. To register their protest against the bill, the Samiti, which represents the government employees from non-reserved categories, organised an impressive rally in New Delhi on Sunday.\"The leader of opposition in Lok Sabha has assured us that the opposition parties will not let the Centre government tamper with the three conditions set by the Supreme Court on the reservation in promotion issue while delivering the M Nagraj judgment in 2006,\" said Parashar Narayan Sharma, Samiti's Rajasthan president.The Samiti also organised a yagna at a private college in Jaipur's Bani Park area on Monday \"to pray for better sense\" for the Centre and the state governments. \"We will also hold a public assembly at the Statue Circle on Tuesday evening to oppose the bill,\" said Yogeshwar Narayan, the organisation's Jaipur president. He claimed that government employees from non-reserved categories would wear black bands to their offices on Tuesday. \"We have also urged people to turn off the lights at their residences and commercial units from 7 pm to 8 pm on Tuesday,\" said Narayan. The organisation has also been contesting court cases against the quota in promotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578181", "title": "Disability made him innovate for all", "text": "NEW DELHI: In 1993, when Dipendra Manocha's frustration reached its peak, he decided to leave his PhD. He is blind and through out his academic career, he was dependent on other people to help him with his course books and other reading materials.\"In 1993, my frustration reached a point where I decided to not only help myself but also others. Realizing the potential of information technology, I decided to change my line of work,\" said Manocha. After discontinuing his Delhi University degree in Hindi classical music, he started to work on making books and other reading materials accessible to the visually challenged.Working for Daisy Consortium, which converts publications into accessible formats for the visually impaired, he helps many to access material in four formats \u2014 audio, Braille, large print and e-text. Manocha and five others, who have made innovative contributions in the field of accessibility to the disabled, were awarded with NCPEDP-MphasiS Universal Design Awards on the eve of Independence Day.The awards are organized by National Centre for Promotion of Employment for Disabled People (NCPEDP), in association with AccessAbility and BarrierBreak Technologies. Making it to the awardee list were also organizations and institutions like Microsoft, National Institute of Open Schooling, Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore; Travel Another India and Sri Vishnu Educational Society, Hyderabad.Like Manocha's reading material, the headsets developed by Prabhat Ranjan, a professor at the Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology, Gandhinagar, has helped people with restricted movements to be self-dependent in doing basic activities like using computers and switching on lights and air-conditioners.A nuclear fusion scientist, Ranjan started a small project in this area in 2007. \"By monitoring finger movement, a device was developed that allowed a person with restricted finger movement to operate television,\" said Ranjan. Taking it forward, Ranjan used headsets, meant for computer games, to map brain waves and head movements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15583306", "title": "Politics over gas allocation to Gujarat heats up", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The war of words between the BJP and Congress is heating up. After Union Petroleum Minister R Singh addressed Media in Ahmedabad, it was turn for the BJP senior leader Arun jaitley to criticise the centre over allocation of gas.The State Congress leadership was quick to react to the remarks by Jaitely. A statement of congress leaders said that Rajya Sabha Member from Gujarat Arun Jaitley pleaded a hollow case for Gujarat before the media. It was as if an advocate arguing a case just on the insistence of the client.\"Jaitley did not have any figures about the quantity of the gas Gujarat gets? the rate at which it gets and the percentage of the total gas given by the Centre to all States?,\" questioned the congress leaders.The congress leaders challenged chief minister to hold a joint media interaction to tell the truth to people of Gujarat. In a statement, the congress leaders said that Arun Jaitley and Saurabh Patel could not dispute the figure of allocation of gas to Gujarat given by the Petroleum minister yesterday. BJP has rocked Parliament on the issue of CAG report, but it is maintaining stoic silence over the fact that Gujarat government was not responding to the revelation of CAG that Gujarat Government was giving gas to Adani at throw away price.Even in the high court, Centre has maintained in an affidavit that Mumbai, Delhi and Gujarat all were given gas at the same price- 4.2 US Dollar per MMBTU (minus royalty).It has not been disputed anywhere. Even Gujarat Government has accepted the affidavit. How much more VAT is charged on gas in Gujarat than other States?The congress leaders demanded to know the difference in the basic price at which the State gets gas from the Centre and the cost at which it is distributed to the consumers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583261", "title": "Hilary Swank breaks up with beau John Campisi", "text": "Hilary Swank's representative has confirmed that the actress and her agent John Campisi, who had been dating for the past 5 years, have now officially ended their relationship, after splitting in May.The 'Million Dollar Baby' star, who spent the majority of the summer filming her movie 'Mary and Martha' with Brenda Blethyn in South Africa and Wilmington, North Carolina, had begun seeing Campisi in 2007, People magazine reported.In 2010, the 'Million Dollar Baby' star had spoken to InStyle about the possibility of getting married again, after she split with her former-husband Chad Lowe in 2007, the magazine said.\"Friends of mine and I talk about this. Does someone come into your life for a certain time, and then you are supposed to go your separate ways?\" she said at the time.\"There's a part of me that thinks that's true,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578592", "title": "Cleric reminds CM of quota vow, but gives govt more time", "text": "KOLKATA: Less than a year after Imam-e-edain Qari Fazlur Rahman, who led the city's biggest Eid congregation on Red Road, told the Mamata Banerjee government to perform or perish, the CM was once again reminded that \"a lot still remains to be done\". The senior cleric, though, gave the 15-month-old government a breather, saying he was willing to give it some more time to deliver on its promises.\"After my Eid sermon last year, I was told by the chief minister herself, and others, that a few months aren't enough to gauge a government's performance. They have given us a lot of hope and promises. We believe they can deliver it and we are willing to wait,\" the senior cleric told TOI. \"Some work has been done. Some is pending. Job reservation for Muslims hasn't happened. In the Sidhartha Shankar Roy regime, Muslim reservation was around 7 %. Now, it is only 2%. Yet, the Muslim population is around 30% of the state's population. They (the government) may cite a 27% figure, but it has increased. Reservation for backward Muslims under OBC can't solve the problem. When 550 people were recently recruited in the police, only 42 Muslim youths found a place. Moreover, the legislation passed hasn't yet trickled down to the beneficiaries. But we are still hopeful.\"Mamata Banerjee, who was invited by the Khilafat Committee to attend the Red Road prayers, said her government had taken up several programmes for the uplift of minorities since it came to power in 2011.Besides, she added, the state budget allocation for minority welfare had been increased from Rs 250 crore to Rs 581 crore this year. \"Other parties make promises to the minorities before elections but do not keep them. But the Trinamool Congress government has not done it,\" she said, adding her government had passed the West Bengal Backward Classes (other than SC and ST) (Reservation of Vacancies in Services and Posts) Bill, 2012 in July, providing 17% job reservation for OBCs other than SC/STs. The number of Muslim backward communities enjoying OBC reservation has been raised from 74 to 84 and, besides Aliah University, the government will set up complexes for minorities in every district, the CM said.Union minister MP Sultan Ahmed -among a section of Trinamool leaders who have seeking more Muslim reservation, not as a backward class but as a religious minority - accompanied Mamata to the prayers. \"This is not new. Andhra Pradesh, Kerala and Karnataka have witnessed it. The Supreme Court has put a cap of 50% on reservation of any form in education and jobs, so there is ample scope for further reservation in Bengal and in the entire country,\" he argued.Rahman also pointed to initiatives by the previous government that are yet to be completed. \"Some work that was initiated by the Left Front government, particularly in setting up hostels for Muslim boys and girls, are still half done. In the last 15 months, work hasn't moved an inch. A lot of things are being said. The government has also announced monthly stipends for imams and muezzins. Only a few are receiving it. The others after running around for long have been told these will reach their homes. Till now, it hasn't happened.\"Surjya Kanta Mishra, leader of the opposition in the Assembly, had only a day ago made similar claims, citing the examples of a seven-storied B Ed college at Hazi Moshsin Square, and hostels on Gorachand Road and Kaizer Street. Mamata said unlike other political parties, her government does not pay lip service or seek publicity. \"I have the blood of Hindus, Muslims, Sikhs and Christians running through my veins,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579047", "title": "Eid Mubarak, faith quells fear", "text": "There were no Monday morning blues as the weekend wasn't over yet for most. The city, tense over the past few days, drowned its worries in the joyous festive spirit. Over 5.03 lakh Muslims offered prayers in 211 places across the city on the occasion of Eid-ul-Fitr . And at most gatherings, the message was of inter-community harmony.Addressing people who had gathered at Jumma Masjid on Millers Road, police commissioner BG Jyothi Prakash Mirji spoke the language of peace and harmony . He appealed to maintain communal bonhomie and show how citizens are against tension in society and want to live in peace.Mirji said Bangaloreans in general are peace-loving and everyone should try to prove that at any cost. \"Nobody should heed to rumours . Everyone should come forward to protect others. Let us together work for a peaceful atmosphere in the city,\" he appealed. The top cop added that the government has vowed to maintain peace and harmony and asked each citizen to cooperate to achieve this.A senior police officer said this is perhaps for the first time in the city that a person other than a cleric addressed a gathering after Eid prayers.Social worker Syed Saifullah, who participated in Eid prayers, said the festival saw a lot of people from other communities showing interest in Eid-ul-fitr . \"I feel only by knowing each other, the festival becomes meaningful. There should be no divide in society and everyone, irrespective of his/her faith, should respect these sentiments for perfect harmony ,\" he added.Munir Rizwan, a businessman from Basavanagudi, said Eid is the time when people share their fortunes with others. \"Everyone has her/his quota of happiness which needs to be shared,\" he said.Rukhsar Khan, homemaker in Koramangala, said: \"I prepared biryani and sevaiyan for all my neighbours. Like every year, I distributed food in the neighbourhood and celebrated Eid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578253", "title": "Tripunithura ready for Athaghosham", "text": "KOCHI: If one goes by celebrations held across the state to mark the start of Onam festivities, Tripinuthura's Athaghosham, the state-sponsored form of the 200-year-old traditional procession which was known as Athachamayam, would come first.The royal town is all set to flag off the 10-day long festivities from the Boys' High School on Tuesday with the procession at 10 am. The age-old Athachamayam procession, though led by Kochi kings had the participation of representatives from all religions and castes. Nettoor Thangal, the priest from the Karingachira church and Chembil Arayan, who represented fisherfolk, were all regulars in the procession during the royal reign.\"Both sides of the streets would be filled with people, eagerly waiting to see the king during the procession,\" recalled 90-year-old Elamana Hari, who was the superintendent of Hill Palace during the reign of the last Kochi king, Rama Varma Pareekshith Thampuran.Though, during early times, the procession started from the Hill Palace and proceeded to the Thrikkakkara Vamana Moorthy Temple, it was confined to the royal streets of Tripunithura after the Zamorin of Calicut invaded Vanneri, a province under the control of Kochi state. Interestingly, from the year after the invasion, the Kochi kings kept the crown on their laps during the Atham procession.Athaghosham, the name adopted after the state government took over the ritual over 40 years ago, is organized by the Tripunithura municipality, and showcases the cultural facets of Kerala, including the staging of art forms, parades by scouts, police band and tableaux.The floats, the most attractive part of the procession, will reflect contemporary socio-cultural issues of the state.Typical folk art forms such as Theyyam, Poothanum Thirayum, Kummatti, Karakaattam, and Kolkali will also be a part of the parade. In the evening, cultural programmes will begin, starting with the colourful pookkalam competition at the Layam ground. Assembly speaker G Karthikeyan will inaugurate the procession at Atham Nagar (Boys' High School).Athaghosham, the name adopted after the state government took over the ritual over 40 years ago, is organized by the Tripunithura municipality, and showcases the cultural facets of Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583276", "title": "Is this how a financial hub should look like?", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana, also known as Manchester of India and Asia's biggest cluster of industrial units, is famous all across the country for its affluent lifestyle and classy people. Ludhiana industrialists are also adding to the state's kitty by paying taxes, under various heads, worth crores of rupees, yet this industrial town is crying for attention.TOI travelled across the industrial area and focal point, which together house hundreds of factories and workshops, to sneak into the problems of these areas. It was really a roller-coaster ride while moving on the internal roads.Poor roads, errant power supply, crime, water logging, shabby surroundings, bad infrastructure, lack of basic amenities are few problems that are plaguing this industrial hub of Punjab.Though local bodies department had released Rs 57 lakh especially for the construction of the roads in the Focal Point, in August 2010, but it could not improve the roads that are lying in shambles here.While talking to traders and businessmen, we found a sheer discontent among them and they solely blamed the local administration and municipal corporation for the sorry state of affairs. Businessmen rued that they have met decision makers several times and submitted many memorandums but nothing fruitful has come out of their efforts. The situation is so alarming that many of them said they have lost all hopes from the administration.\"Trader community is only hoping against the hope. Things could not be improved here as state government is least interested in fulfilling our demands. We are not demanding any extraordinary but only basic amenities that are essential in any kind of environment,\" Anil Saluja, who is into hosiery business at Focal Point for the last 30 years, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579345", "title": "Cop's wife caught running sex racket", "text": "NAGPUR: A constable with the Quick Response Team (QRT) of city police has landed in a soup after his wife was nabbed by Sadar police for allegedly operating a flesh trade racket. The court, where five accused in the case were produced on Monday, remanded three (including the cop's wife) to police custody till August 22.Police had rescued three women from the parlour run by the cop's wife Simran. Preliminary inquiries revealed that Simran and constable Mangesh had got married in a temple some two-three years ago. Mangesh may face action for his links to Simran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578715", "title": "We can't tolerate this, give us relief", "text": "BANGALORE: Fed up with the the BJP government's cold response to their sufferings, several endosulfan victims in Karnataka have sought divine intervention.The Endosulfan Virodhi Horata Samithi, Kokkada, la-unched a campaign on August 2 to draw the government's attention to the plight of endosulphan victims: the samithi sent postcards to the chief minister's office. But not all of the 28,000 postcards, which are meant to make chief minister Jagadish Shettar understand the gravity of the situation, have reached him.Some of them have been posted to Lord Ganesh at the Southadka Sri Mahaganapa-thy Temple, Kokkada, and Ullalthi Daivasthana at Boodujaalu. One of the cards read: \"We cannot bear the suffering. Please end our woes else give politicians the wisdom to understand our suffering and help us get relief.\"Sridhar Gowda, president of the samithi, said many victims from his village have sent the postcards to the two temples. \"Victims from other villages have sent postcards to other temples nearby. Some of the victims have even demanded euthanasia from the chief minister if he cannot grant them relief,\" he said.Gowda went on to say that there were many victims in the age group of 2 to 26 who are bedridden. \"If they are granted relief, they can afford treatment to live comfortably for another 30 years. The government should end their suffering,\" Gowda said.In February 2010, 211 families from six villages in Belthangady and Puttur taluks got Rs 50,000 each as relief. The government decided to sanction monthly pensions for 231 persons rendered physically handicapped by the chemical. Of the 231,103 of them were to receive monthly pension of Rs 400 and the rest Rs 1,000.Sridhar Gowda said the government must implement the Kerala model of rehabilitation in the state to do justice to the victims.Affected livesThere are about 6,000 victims in the 92 villages of Sullia, Belthangady, Puttur and Bantwal. Puttur is the worst with 31 villages affected.A 2004 survey done by the department of women and child development and health found out that Panaje in Puttur Taluk had 65 cases, of which 30 people had developed various forms of disabilities in varying degrees. About 15 persons were intellectually challenged by various degrees, eight were blind and seven had physical deformities. The deformities in the rest of the cases were trauma related.In Mardala Bethany Special School, there are 56 children from Bilinele and Kutrupady, between the age group of 9-13, affected by endosulfan. There are over 40 children who have not been sent to school because of various reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15582515", "title": "Foreigner enters Jagannath temple in Puri", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chaos prevailed at the Jagannath temple in Puri on Monday after a foreign national entered the shrine, which is off limits to non-Hindus. The identity and nationality of the foreigner could not be ascertained as police let him off without verifying his credentials, much to the chagrin of priests. Though the foreigner's entry was not a punishable offense under the IPC, the incident, however, exposed the chink in the security system.The foreigner crawled into the temple through the heavily fortified Simhadwar (Lion's Gate), the main entrance of Jagannath temple. He was spotted by some priests near a subsidiary shrine inside the main temple. Priests waylaid him and inquired about his nationality and religion. As they failed to understand his language, they handed him over to a temple office (Garada) and informed the police. No cleansing ritual was performed as the foreigner did not enter the sanctum sanctorium.SP (Puri) Anup Kumar Sahoo said: \"The foreigner wrote his name as Ram Babu Das in a register of the Garada office. He claimed to have come from Khajuraho. The Garada people released him before police intervened. We are trying to locate him and verify his antecedents.\"Sources said the foreigner, who is perhaps an Iskcon devotee, is from Germany. \"The foreigner's entry once again exposed the poor policing at the temple entrance. The pitiable frisking and vigilance by police is helping non-Hindus enter the temple,\" said Rabinarayan Das, a temple servitor. \"The inability of cops has taken a toll on temple rituals many times in the past,\" he said.The 12th century shrine is among the high risk category temples in the country. The state government was recently on its toes after Assam DGP Jayanta Narayan Choudhury said Jihadi outfits like Lashkar-e-Toiba were planning attacks during Rath Yatra in June.The security of Jagannath temple lies in the hands of nearly 100 armed police personnel, 80 unarmed cops, one ASP, one DSP, one inspector, three sub-inspectors and 26 assistant sub-inspectors, sources said. More officers and forces are mobilized during festive occasions. A number of high frequency CCTV cameras have been installed at vantage points in and around the temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15577938", "title": "Beni raises storm, says inflation good for farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma kicked up a storm on Monday claiming that inflation was good for farmers.The comment attracted a sharp reaction from the opposition parties which accused the ruling Congress of being totally oblivious of the ground realities and demanded that the minister be sacked.\"Dal, atta, rice and vegetables have become expensive. The more the prices, the better it is for farmers. I am happy with this inflation,\" Verma said on the sidelines of a function in Barabanki, his home district. He is also an MP from the neighbouring Gonda constituency.Verma said that it was the media which was making a hue and cry over the situation. \"Media kehti hai ki khane ki thali mehngi ho gayi hai...Isse fayada kisano ka hai, aur sarkar kisano ke fayda ki pakshadhar hai\" (Media says that cost of food platter has increased but it is benefiting farmers...and the government is in favour of farmers' profit),\" he said.Although there are many others who acknowledge the link between food inflation and ever increasing minimum support prices that are given to farmers by government, politicians are wary of saying so because of the risk of appearing insensitive.The caution appeared validated from the attack Verma faced by straying into what has been the \"no go\" area for politicians. His own colleagues were embarrassed, with many saying that that it was time that Verma, one of the Union ministers from UP whose statements hurt the party, in the UP polls, recognized the virtue of restraint.BJP was quick to lash out at Congress accusing it of turning a blind eye to the aam aadmi being hit by inflation. Party spokesperson Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said that Congress leaders were removed from the reality, while his senior colleague Murli Manohar Joshi argued that inflation has affected farmers too. \"The Congress has become protector of mafias who manipulate prices. The aam aadmi is reeling under mounting inflation and this government is happy about it,\" said Naqvi.BJP's ally, JD (U) chief Sharad Yadav was equally critical of the steel minister. \"Verma has a poor understanding of problems facing farmers,\" said Yadav.Samajwadi Party (SP), already cut up with the steel minister for taking digs at their boss Mulayam Singh Yadav , also hit out at the Union minister. Its spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said in Lucknow that Verma's \"had no clue about the problems face by the common man\".SP leader Azam Khan said that Congress leader Sonia Gandhi should take note of Verma's remarks.Verma was in a thick of controversy earlier this year just before assembly elections after he termed Congress MP from Barabanki P L Punia an \"outsider''. The remark had only exposed the growing factionalism within the Congress which though tried to play it down by terming it a media creation. Later, he also dared the Election Commission (EC) over Congress's announcement to provide 4.5% quota to Muslims. The EC served a notice on him and he had to apologize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579669", "title": "Politicians, NGO join hands to launch cancer institute", "text": "NAGPUR: Named as 'silent epidemic', cancer has been predicted to cause the highest number of deaths in developing countries in the near future.It is also projected that the number of people suffering from cancer will triple in these countries in the next three decades.Looking at this scenario, some politicians and oncologists of the city along with NGO Dr Abaji Thatte Sewa Aur Anusandhan Sanstha joined hands to launch the National Cancer Institute (NCI) in the city.The first unit of NCI, which was inaugurated on Sunday by BJP president Nitin Gadkari and senior physician Dr BJ Subhedar, consists of a 20-bedded hospital with facilities like diagnostics and palliative care. The aim of the group is to expand it into a 350-bedded comprehensive cancer centre which will provide patients with the best possible care and treatment at minimum cost. The managing committee of NCI consists of MLA Devendra Fadnavis, MP Ajay Sancheti, oncologists Dr Anand Pathak, Dr KM Kable, Dr Shriram Kane, Dr AK Ganju and gynaecologist Dr Sunita Ghike.The venture was not a result of an overnight dream, but of consistent efforts, said secretary of the institute Shailesh Joglekar. \"Our aim is to be able to provide maximum services in minimum cost as most patients of cancer, along with physical and mental problems also have a lot of financial problems. Also, they have to keep shuttling between hospitals and institutions for availing different services,\" he said. Entrepreneurs, politicians and doctors have been brainstorming on this idea for the last 4-5 years to change this concept into a reality, he said.\"In India, we identify 7-10 lakh new cancer patients every year, 60% of them in advanced stage. Lack of awareness and medical services as well as other such factors together mean that these patients succumb to the disease. Therefore, we felt the need for development of infrastructure to combat the menace,\" said Dr Pathak, who is also the vice-president and medical director of the institute. Though the government is doing its share of infrastructure development, the immensity of the 'epidemic' means that there is a lot of scope for private players to their bit, he said.With this aim in mind, and keeping Tata Memorial Hospital as the ideal, the eclectic bunch of people set out to add to the image of Nagpur - that brings forth imageries like oranges, tigers and MIHAN - the visuals of a city with good and affordable medical services. Gradually, the centre will be developed into one that provides high-end treatment and diagnostic facilities at prices that are at par with those in the government hospitals.Fadnavis, who is the president of the managing committee of NCI, shared his personal experience when he saw his mother struggle when his father suffered from the disease during his childhood. \"We could still afford to take him to Mumbai for treatment despite all the hassles. That made me think of what the family of a common man suffering from cancer must be feeling like. Ever since then, I had the dream of providing the people of the city with facilities that would not require them to go to bigger cities to seek treatment,\" he said.FACILITIES AVAILABLE NOWOPD20-bedded IPDIntensive support unitMinor OTDiagnosticsPharmacyDorms for patients and relativesLow-cost meals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579121", "title": "Gujarat Parivartan Party elects office-bearers, Keshubhai Patel is party president", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leaders of the recently launched Gujarat Parivartan Party (GPP) on Monday announced the new office-bearers of the political faction. According to a statement issued by the GPP, while Keshubhai Patel will be the chief of the party, it will have three senior vice-presidents including Kashiram Rana , Suresh Mehta, and A K Patel.GPP also declared that Gordhan Zadphia and Fakirbhai Chauhan will be the general secretaries of the party. The appointments were made by the founder president Keshubhai Patel. The former BJP chief minister also appointed K D Jeswani, Thakorbhai Desai and Tulsibhai Yadav as party vice-presidents.Patel has earlier this month resigned from the primary membership of the BJP and floated the GPP. He had also announced that the party would contest all 182 seats in the forthcoming elections and would make all efforts to see that CM Narendra Modi was not voted back to power.Meanwhile, Siddhartbhai Parmar, Arvindbhai Patel, Vikrambhai Chauhan, Dhirubhai Bhimani, Lalitbhai Suhagia, Dudabhai Ahir Somabhai Bhil, Gitaben Patolia and Mukundbhai Joshi were elected as party secretaries. Sureshbhai Patel (Gundarnia) and Vyavasthapak Shrinathbhai Upadhyay are to be office-secretary of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15578981", "title": "Passenger injured in clash with bus crew", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A bus passenger suffered serious head injuries in a clash with bus employees at the Moffusil bus stand in the city on Monday. The injured, Kabeer (36) of Kallayi, has been admitted to the Kozhikode Medical College Hospital.The clash happened around 11am, when he along with his wife and two children boarded a bus plying in the Kozhikode-Manjeri route.According to Kabeer, the bus workers brutally assaulted him after an argument over stopping the bus at his destination at Periyambalam near Ramanattukara. Kabeer was allegedly attacked by the bus workers using an iron rod, when he along with his family tried to get down from the bus. The seriously injured Kabeer was admitted to the Government Beach General Hospital and later shifted to the medical college hospital. He has suffered serious head injury requiring eight stitches.Kasaba police have registered a case in connection with the incident, on a complaint filed by Kabeer. Police registered case against the driver and conductor of the bus, who are yet to be identified. Cases have been charged under section 347 (wrongful confinement to extort property) and 308 (attempt to commit culpable homicide). Police started probe into the incident and a special team of police has left for Manjeri to take the bus driver into custody.Manjeri police have already taken the bus (KL 13Q 5589) into custody.Meanwhile, the district transport authority has decided to cancel the permit of the bus. It has also decided to suspend the driving licences of the driver and the conductor.Deputy transport commissioner (DTC) M A Rosamma said steps to cancel the permit and suspension of licences will be taken on Tuesday. \"We have also decided to conduct strict inspections to prevent such incidents in future,\" she said, adding that strict action would be taken against the buses which violate rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15579477", "title": "After heavy rains, Irai dam gates opened", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: All seven gates of the Irai dam were opened on Monday morning following heavy rainfall in the area during the last 48 hours. Gates were gradually opened by 1 meter as the water level crossed the mark of 207 meters in the dam.The incessant rains during the last couple of days added considerable water to the reservoir. PRO CSTPS, MP Masram said that water level rose to the mark of 207.300 meter following which the management decided to release the water. \"At 8.45 am, three gates were opened. As water level remained constant, two more gates were opened by 1 meter after one hour. At 11.30 am, remaining two gates were also opened,\" said Masram. He claimed that they would continue to release the water till level of 207 meter is maintained. Depending on the inflow of water, the gates could be lowered or closed later in the night, he added.It has rained heavily in the district during last two days. The district received average rainfall of 80.6 mm per tehsil during last 24 hours. All the water reservoirs in district are nearly filled to its capacity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577999", "title": "E-chip to keep tabs on cops patrolling Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: An electronic chip is all set to change the way Mumbai is policed. Positioned outside schools, colleges, temples and other key venues, the electronic device will keep tabs on patrolling policemen in the area. The information will be directly monitored by the office of the deputy commissioner of police.A pilot project has been initiated in the Goregaon-Borivli stretch. Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik has decided to replicate it across the city, it is reliably learnt.The idea behind it is simple.According to the present procedure, a cop is assigned the task of patrolling outside vital locations such as schools, colleges or temples. There is no method to verify if the policeman is performing his duty.With the help of the electronic device, a chip would be installed outside vital locations which a cop is supposed to guard. The moment the cop supposed to keep an eye on the area holds his cellphone (provided by the Mumbai police) in front of the device, the electronic chip would register his presence. The cellphone of the cop contains a software that enables the chip to identify him, and works like a swipe card.The man behind the technology is DCP Mahesh Patil, who decided to do away with the earlier system which calculated the patrolling of the police on the kms travelled by the patrolling van or motorcycle. \"The earlier system meant that cops would have to travel a certain distance a day to show that they had patrolled. However, there was no way to find out whether the cop had actually undertaken the patrolling task assigned to him. They could have simply travelled in a particular direction instead of the entire area,'' Patil said.Patil said he detected a flaw in the traditional method of policing and hence decided to change it. \"Help came from software firms in Pune. They designed the software in the cellphones that helps the chip identify the presence of the cop,'' he said.\"The new system is meant to change this and make patrolling more people-oriented,'' said Patil.The DCP procures a print-out every evening on the movements of cops in areas under his jurisdiction. \"Those who fail to mark attendance have to offer a convincing reason or face the consequences,'' Patil said.He explained how the chips helped better policing. For instance, in Borivali where the chip has been installed outside temples and schools, policemen have to go at a designated time each day. Hence, if it is a school, it could be mean twice-a-day patrolling__once during the recess and again when the school calls off the day. Since a cop would have to be present at both times to register his presence, chances of any untoward incident taking place would be far less.Not just schools, the electronic chips have been placed outside banks, bars, temples and even outside parks and jogging tracks. Thus, in effect, policemen would have to ensure that he undertakes a patrol of all areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579189", "title": "25% of online time spent on social networks: Study", "text": "Social networking continues to dominate the attention of Indians online, taking up one out of every four minutes of the time spent on the internet, according to a new study published by digital analytics firm comScore.The report found that Google Sites ranked as the top destination in June 2012 reaching nearly 95% of the online Indian population, while \u2014 among local web properties \u2014 Times Internet Limited led the pack, reaching 33.7% of India's netizens.comScore said in their report that 25.2% of online activity was spent in social networking, an increase of 0.8% over the last year.Entertainment sites ranked second, taking up 10% of total online minutes. Facebook was the preferred service, accounting for a total of over nine hours of usage per user in the month of June. But Facebook's total reach (83.4%) was bested by Google Sites (94.8%), which includes all of the search giant's properties such as Google.com, Gmail.com, YouTube.com, etc.Yahoo , Microsoft and Wikipedia, each with their affiliated sites, made up the top five most popular destinations.Times Internet Limited led the pack of local web properties with over 20.5 million unique users in June, spending approximately 17 minutes on average. Network18, Rediff and NIC.in were also in the top 10.The survey was based on the usage patterns of over 61 million netizens above 15 years of age, accessing the internet from home or office. It did not take into account cybercafes, mobile phones or PDAs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15577973", "title": "After six years on death row, spared for being a juvenile", "text": "NEW DELHI: Capital punishment for a juvenile offender - that's inconceivable in law. Yet, after being on death row for six years, a dalit convicted in a multiple-murder-and-rape case has been found by a Maharashtra court to have been a juvenile at the time of the crime.The implication of this order passed last month is unprecedented: although his death sentence was confirmed by the Supreme Court in 2009, Ankush Maruti Shinde is entitled to be released at the earliest as the maximum penalty under the juvenile justice law for any crime is three years.Besides, the order passed on July 6 by an additional sessions judge of Nashik, R N Joshi, has rendered redundant Shinde's mercy petition pending before the President.The dramatic change in his fortunes is thanks to an application filed last year on his behalf by human rights advocate Vijay Hiremath seeking an inquiry into his age so that he could get the benefit of the juvenile justice law.If this age factor had not been taken into account before Shinde was tried and convicted along with five others, it conforms to the general pattern that people of lower castes and classes, for lack of proper legal representation, are more susceptible to arbitrariness in the award of death penalty.For, Shinde got the death sentence evidently because his counsels in the trial court, high court and Supreme Court had failed to point out the elementary but crucial detail that he was below 18 when he had participated in the massacre of five members of a family on June 5, 2003.It was only after he spent nine years in jail (first as an undertrial prisoner and then as a death row convict) has the injustice suffered by Shinde been redressed. And even this is because of the fortuitous circumstance of his cause being espoused by a human rights lawyer and his case going before a sessions judge who dared to get in the way of a sentence upheld by the apex court.In his 34-page order, Joshi declared that Shinde was a \"juvenile in conflict with law\" on the date of the crime as his age then was found to be 17 year, nine months and fifteen days.The basis of the declaration was eminently routine: the date of birth mentioned in the school admission register and school leaving certificate, which are accepted in law as conclusive proof of age.This means that instead of being sent to jail and tried along with co-accused before a regular court, Shinde's case should have been placed before a juvenile justice board and he should have been sent to a reformatory.In keeping with this strange background, Joshi directed that Shinde, who is \"awaiting death sentence\", be taken out of Nagpur's central prison and produced before Nashik's juvenile justice board. Since he has already been behind bars for thrice the maximum term he could have got under the juvenile justice law, the only thing that the board is expected to do now is to release him, with immediate effect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15577260", "title": "Mona Meshram in Twenty20 World Cup squad", "text": "NAGPUR: It's always good to back talent, and the Indian women selectors have done just that by picking Mona Meshram for the big ticket ICC Twenty20 World Cup in Sri Lanka despite her below par outing in the recent England tour. This notches up yet another first for Mona, as she becomes the first Vidarbha cricketer to play in an ICC event.\"It's a great honour to represent your country in a big tournament like the World Cup. I am excited and want to do well,\" Mona told TOI on Monday.After consistent performance in the domestic circuit, Mona got the breakthrough into the national side last month when she became the first Vidarbha women cricketer to represent the country. Though she had a forgettable tour - she struggled to get into double digits - Mona feels she has learnt a lot during the tour.\"The conditions were tough in England and you need experience to play there. I would have loved to contribute more, but I tried my best. I want to thank the selectors and team management for showing faith in my abilities. The seniors were very supportive though I didn't do well in England. I will give my 100% in Sri Lanka,\" she said.She is a quick learner, and after returning from England Mona worked hard on her fitness and other aspects of the game under the guidance of Vidarbha coaches, especially Subroto Bannerjee. \"One needs to understand that she will only get better by playing more and more at the top level. She has it in her to play for India for long. Her commitment, dedication and determination for the game are unquestionable. England tour will certainly make her tougher,\" Bannerjee said.Before the Guntur camp for the World Cup probables, Mona practised hard for 15 days at the residential academy. \"I made her bat against boys. If you want to play at the top you need to face good fast bowlers. She would bat for three-four hours daily besides working on fitness and fielding. Credit must also go to president Dixit, who took keen interest in Mona's improvement and asked us to help her out in every way possible,\" Bannerjee added.No wonder Dixit was a happy soul and now he wants Mona to prove her worth. \"VCA is proud of her. It's an honour to represent your country in an ICC event. She has always been a hard-working girl and all her hard work has paid off. The selectors gave her another opportunity after the forgettable England tour. Now, she should make this count and aim higher,\" Dixit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15578798", "title": "No food for Shatabdi passengers from Bolpur", "text": "HOWRAH: A number of passengers travelling from Bolpur to Howrah on the recently-introduced New Jalpaiguri Shatabdi Express had to skip lunch on Monday due to lack of coordination between the departments involved. They complained that the catering staff didn't even have water bottles for them though the ticket fare includes the cost of lunch and bottled water. Catering staff offered them food packets and water bottles when the train reached Howrah around 2 pm, but the passengers refused and lodged a complaint with the station manager.The train that started from NJP at 5.35am reached Bolpur at around 11.40am. As it was an extended weekend, 27 passengers had confirmed tickets in the C-6 AC chair car from Bolpur. Apparently, those in charge of catering in the Northeast Frontier Railway (NFR) had not taken these 27 passengers into account when packing lunch and water bottles. Though all Shatabdi Express passengers are served food, the trains don't have pantry cars attached. The food is picked up from a convenient location, heated and served to passengers. \"The catering staff were taken aback when they saw so many of us boarding the train at Bolpur. They didn't have lunch or even water bottles for us. It was extremely tough as most people weren't carrying any refreshments or water. There were also some infants on board who couldn't be fed as there wasn't any drinking water available to prepare the infant feed. Finally, the catering staff supplied some snacks but this was inadequate,\" said Sudipto Patwari.Eastern Railway officials said they would take up the matter with the Northeast Frontier Railway. \"The on-board catering is a departmental one by NFR. They clearly had no idea that people would be boarding at Bolpur. There was a communication lapse. As the train had no other scheduled stop between Bolpur and Howrah, we could arrange for food for the passengers. We have received a complaint and will ask NFR to inquire into the matter,\" an ER spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582280", "title": "Dal price set to zoom up", "text": "BHOPAL: Delayed monsoons coupled with inadequate and scattered rainfall in many parts of the country could see an abnormal rise in the prices of lentils this festival season especially during Diwali, claimed experts of the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM).Speaking to reporters in the city in Bhopal, association's general secretary DS Rawat claimed that import of lentils will be as expensive a proposal as there is a shortage of supply throughout pulse growing countries this year.ASSOCHAM released a study paper entitled the \"Emerging Pulses Scenario in 2015'' in Bhopal on Monday afternoon. The organisation's office-bearers expressed concern about the affects of scattered and delayed monsoons and its impact in the food supply in the country.\"India has a total annual demand of 21 million metric ton of pulses out of which it grows 17 million metric ton and imports remaining four million ton to meet its domestic demand,\" Rawat said. \"However, with the lack of proper monsoon, there might be less production than usual. Import of the lentils from other countries could be extremely expensive this year as grower countries facing a shortage of supply have increased their selling rates.''An average one million ton of lentils like tur, urad and moong are imported from Myanmar, while yellow peas are procured from the United States and Canada, chick-peas come from Australia. \"Between June 2011 and May 2012 we saw a huge hike in the prices of lentils. Desi chana or gram registered a 90% increase in prices. With the present rainfall crisis and international shortage, we could see another huge increase by 70% to 80% in the prices of pulses,'' he claimed.But while the consumer paid more for lentils, farmer did not get richer. ASSOCHAM's study on pulse production argued that 85% of the profits coming from increase in the prices of lentils have been pocketed by middlemen. Growers got only 15% of the profits that came from the price rise since June 2011.\"The country has the capacity to produce 35 million metric ton which is double the present statistics,'' said Anil Agarwal, chief of the Madhya Pradesh unit of the association. \"The problem is that pulses are not backed by assured procurement by the government as is the case with wheat and rice. Production suffers because of this insecurity.''According to Agarwal, a government agency should be entrusted to monitor production and regulate market prices so that farmers are not left at the mercy of middlemen who walk away with the profits. \"Like rice and wheat, there should be state procurement at minimum support price for lentils. If such a step is not taken, farmers in India are likely to shift to competing crops that ensure better prices or the state's minimum support price,'' Anil Agarwal quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578686", "title": "Finance ministry to move Cabinet to push infrastructure projects", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a bid to remove bottlenecks for implementation of several large infrastructure projects to boost investment, the finance ministry has decided to approach the Cabinet for removal of environmental and funding hurdles.The decision was taken on Friday when economic affairs secretary Arvind Mayaram and financial services secretary D K Mittal met officials of key infrastructure ministries to discuss public-private partnership projects worth over Rs 1,000 crore that have been delayed.Over the last few weeks, the finance ministry first prepared a list of delayed projects, which was then divided into two lots \u2014 projects which were running late due to environmental clearances and which were held up as the developers could not tie up funds from banks and financial institutions. Officials present at the meeting told TOI that these projects would be taken up at the level of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA).On Saturday, finance minister P Chidambaram had discussed the issue of delayed projects with public sector bank chiefs, who cited reasons ranging from green approvals to land acquisitions and lack of availability of coal and gas for projects getting delayed.These factors, they said, were leading to business houses holding back investment plans. Chidambaram had assured lenders that he would take up the issues separately with his counterparts in other ministries.Officials said at Friday's meeting, environmental clearances were cited as the biggest stumbling block. \"The CCEA can decide on expediting environmental clearances and how financial institutions can increase funding for infrastructure projects,\" an official said.Sources said petroleum and natural gas and highways sectors witnessed maximum number of delayed projects.Highways ministry, which has been worst affected after good performance in 2011-12, has said that banks were not coming forward to fund projects on PPP (public-private partnership) mode. Contractors of over a dozen projects have failed to tie up finances and in some cases, the deadlines have been missed by even four to six months. Many of these projects involve investment of over Rs 1,500 crore.\"Banks may have reached their investment cap in infrastructure or in a particular sector like roads. This can only be addressed at the highest level,\" a road department official said. Highways ministry has also told the finance ministry that about 39 NHAI projects were awaiting environment, forest and wildlife clearances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577730", "title": "Over 12 doctors in the dock for prescribing spurious medicines in Jodhpur", "text": "JAIPUR: The Jodhpur police have written to the superintendents of two government hospitals there to help them gather evidence against at least 12 doctors who were suspected to have prescribed spurious medicines to earn hefty commissions.The police are likely to book these doctors under various sections of IPC if their links with a racket involved in preparing spurious medicines were proved. The gang was busted two months ago.The doctors were allegedly prescribing spurious medicines, especially an antibiotic injection called 'Maroperam' for the past two years. The police said that they have identified at least 12 doctors, some of whom used to earn over Rs 3 lakh per month as commission.\"We have identified at least three senior doctors and a few resident doctors at the two biggest government hospitals in the region -- Mathura Das Mathur Hospital and Mahatma Gandhi Hospital -- who prescribed Maroperam to patients. It was prescribed as an antibiotic for preventing high grade infections - for example - after complex surgeries,\" said addl DCP, Jodhpur east, Manoj Choudhary.\"We have written to superintendents of the two hospitals to help us gather evidence against these doctors including prescription slips and hospital records,\" he said.Choudhary said that the police had seized nearly 1,000 injections of Maroparam from a drug store on May 26. The police had arrested seven men including the kingpin Rajesh Purohit.\"We have taken Rajesh Purohit and another accused on 10-day police custody. It came up during interrogation that the accused had got the wrappers of Maroperam printed from a press in Jaipur's Bais Godam area. They buy cheap, but legal antibiotic drugs available in the market and sell them under the brand name of Maroparam after replacing the wrappers of the antibiotic drug,\" said Choudhary.The accused then used to offer doctors hefty commission for prescribing Maroperam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578014", "title": "Railway pole robber caught red-handed", "text": "MUMBAI: A 20-year-old man who used to climb atop poles and strike at commuters travelling on railway footboards to rob them was arrested by Kurla Government Railway Police (GRP).The accused, Mohan Shetty, snatched the cellphone of a commuter, Suresh Vishwakarma, on Thursday morning. The same evening, he was caught red-handed while attempting to snatch the cellphone of another commuter, Rajesh V, at Ghatkopar\"Mohan had been operating in the Vidyavihar-Ghatkopar stretch. We suspect that he is involved in several cases. He is not co-operating in the probe,\" said an official. Mohan has been booked under provisions of the Railway Act.His brother, Shiva Shetty, who was also arrested in the past for robbing commuters travelling on footboards, is at present in police custody.The GRP has been cracking down on pole robbers after a housewife, Daksha Gugal, lost her life after being struck by a pole robber between Sion and Kurla stations last year.In another case, a 22-year-old man was arrested for mugging a student who was walking on the tracks at Ghatkopar. On Friday evening, Keshav Pratap Singh (18), a Kalyan resident, was returning home when the incident took place. The accused, Wasim Shaikh, grabbed Singh by his collar and assaulted him near a foot overbridge. Singh had taken a shortcut to the station. The accused made off with Singh's cash and cellphone.\"After Singh lodged a complaint, we laid a trap on the stretch. Shaikh was found consuming drugs with three others. The stolen valuables were recovered,\" an official said.Shaikh is a Ghatkopar resident.the complainant, was new to the city and was looking for a part-time job along with his studies. He is staying at Kalyan temporarily. On Friday, Singh and his brother got calls for job interviews at Pant Nagar in Ghatkopar. As Singh's interview got over early, he decided to proceed home. It was evening when he decided to take a short cut to the station by walking on the tracks. He was near the foot overbridge when the accused, Wasim Shaikh, grabbed his collar. Singh tried to resist but Shaikh slapped him and kicked him on his private parts. While Singh winced in pain, Shaikh made off his cash and cellphone.for an offence committed in their jurisdiction. The GRP has been cracking down seriously on pole robbers after a housewife, Daksha Gugal, lost her life after being struck by a pole robber between Sion and Kurla stations last year.The Kurla Government Railway Police (GRP) arrested a 20-year-old man who used to climb atop railway poles and strike at commuters travelling on footboards of locals, to rob their belongings. Mohan Shetty, the accused, had robbed a cellphone from a commuter, Suresh Vishwakarma, in this manner on Thursday morning. The same evening, he was attempting to rob another commuter, Rajesh V, of his phone, when the GRP caught him red-handed at Ghatkopar.\"Mohan has been operating in the Vidyavihar to Ghatkopar stretch. We suspect he has several past cases but he hasn't been co-operating in the probe,\" said an official. Mohan has been booked under provisions of the Railway Act. His brother, Shiva Shetty, had also been arrested by the Kurla GRP in the past for robbing commuters travelling on footboards of locals. Shiva is presently in the custody of the Kanjurmarg police for an offence committed in their jurisdiction. The GRP has been cracking down seriously on pole robbers after a housewife, Daksha Gugal, lost her life after being struck by a pole robber between Sion and Kurla stations last year.In a separate case, the Kurla GRP arrested a 22-year-old man for mugging a student walking on the tracks at Ghatkopar. Keshav Pratap Singh, 18, the complainant, was new to the city and was looking for a part-time job along with his studies. He is staying at Kalyan temporarily. On Friday, Singh and his brother got calls for job interviews at Pant Nagar in Ghatkopar. As Singh's interview got over early, he decided to proceed home. It was evening when he decided to take a short cut to the station by walking on the tracks. He was near the foot overbridge when the accused, Wasim Shaikh, grabbed his collar. Singh tried to resist but Shaikh slapped him and kicked him on his private parts. While Singh winced in pain, Shaikh made off his cash and cellphone.\"After Singh lodged a complaint with us, our team laid a trap on the stretch where he had been mugged. Shaikh was found consuming drugs with three others. He was nabbed and the stolen valuables were recovered,\" an official said. Shaikh is a Ghatlopar resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579140", "title": "3,600 engineering seats still vacant", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After granting admissions on seats reserved for diploma students, who want to take admission in second year of degree engineering, a total 3,660 seats have still remained vacant. Admission committee officials said that 15,297 students had filled form of which 15,078 completed the choice-filling procedure.Later, 10,639 students were granted admission. The panel said that these students should go to the nearest helpline centers and report that they have taken admission. If the reporting is not done, their admissions will not be registered. Maximum seats are vacant in electronics and communications branch that has 1,200 vacancies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578122", "title": "SRK's dishier in two dimensions", "text": "In Bollywood, UFO generally refers to the audience's vision of Akshay Kumar before a stage performance. But in the soon-to-be-released Joker, the stunt-prone actor will be the one who spots the Unidentified Flying Object, the \"udta firta omelette\" as his character calls it.Had it not been for a recent change of plan, this omelette and its extra-terrestrial inhabitants would have come flying at you from the screen. \"The initial plan was for Joker to be the first 3D film with a big star,\" says director Shirish Kunder. \"But taking into account the recent responses to 2D versus 3D ventures, we decided to reach out to a wider audience.\"Kunder's sense of caution is shared by much of Bollywood. \"Big production houses are extremely sceptical about using 3D,\" says trade analyst Komal Nahta, who does not see a bright future for 3D films in India. And the primary reason, feel insiders, is that 3D is being used more as a \"gimmick\" than a genuine creative tool.Three years ago, it was James Cameron's Avatar , whose multi-billion-dollar box-office returns started it all. Almost every other Hollywood producer, in a bidto justify higher ticket prices, started converting 2D films to 3D. Predictably Bollywood, too, jumped on to the conversion bandwagon with Ra.One and Don 2-both, however, did not do as well in the 3D format as they did in 2D. \"Releasing a film in 3D is not a sureshot success idea unless it is backed by content that enhances the 3Dexperience,\" says Shailesh Kapoor, CEO of Ormax Media, a tracking company which found that the word of mouth for Ra.One was better among those who watched it in 2D.Vikram Bhatt, the only Bollywood director to have shot films (Haunted, Dangerous Ishq and the impending Raaz 3 ) in 3D, dismisses both Ra.One and Don 2 as \"hasty\" jobs. \"2D is what you see with one eye and 3D is what you see with two. And conversion, unless you are James Cameron who added so many layers of conversion to the film Titanic, is a disservice to 3D,\" he says.Not everyone, however, is as mindful of aesthetics-with the result that 3D ends up being used carelessly and for its novelty value without a thought to whether the subject of the film demands it. \"You can't expect the audience to lap up a product just because it is in 3D,\" says Vikram Malhotra, COO of Viacom18 Motion Pictures, which saw success with the 3D releases of Hollywood films such as Transformers, Captain America and Madagascar 3 in India. \"The fad of retro-fitting (the addition of new technology or features to older systems), he says, \"makes the effects appear a bit unreal and discourages the discerning audience\".Besides, given that only 30% of our theatres are equipped to provide the 3D experience, glasses become just another distraction such as popcorn munchers or mobile ringtones at the cinemas. Pramod Arora, Group President and CEO at PVR Limited, says a film's 3D release ensures at least 1.4 times the income that it garners from 2D but technical loopholes such as flickering glasses, projector not being able to reflect enough light off the screen and 'dark spots' spoils the party.Thankfully, Hollywood production houses are realizing that audiences are getting smarter and can identify real 3D from pseudo 3D, says Amit Jethani, Director, Multivision Multimedia, which recently released Piranha 3DD. \"That is why the number of Hollywood 3D releases has gone down from last year, he says. \"Greater care is now being put into the creation.\"Not only do they take care to ensure that only certain parts of the film are in 3D so as to avoid audience discomfort, they are also being picky about which genres lend themselves to the format. Closer home, trade analyst Amod Mehra reveals that even director Rakesh Roshan , who abandoned the idea of shooting Krrish 3 in 3D, will decide to give the process of converting the 2D film into 3D a good year or so in order to ensure quality.But this doesn't mean we should write 3D off, says film reviewer Rajeev Masand. \"Outside of America, it's still a big draw,\" says Masand, who feels Bollywood is tentative since shooting a film in 3D is expensive. \"All the industry needs is one successful film that stands out in terms of both content and execution,\" he says. \"That will turn the tide.\"Bhatt, however, doesn't seem so sure. \"The process of learning to shoot in 3D is too laborious for the current star system,\" he pronounces. \"I think 3D in Bollywood lives and dies with me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15583096", "title": "Botched eye operations, culture reports negative", "text": "MANGALORE: The culture reports of the items used for the eye operation at the Kota Charmakki Narayana Shetty Lions Eye Hospital at Kota, near Kundapur, which led to the alleged death of a person and caused infection in six others, have retuned negative.District Health Officer Dr Ramachandra Bairy told TOI that the solution bottles which were used for the operation on August 1 to 3 have been discarded. Those items we had got were sterile and we expected this result,'' he said adding the committee of experts will meet on Tuesday to discuss the report and also find out where the contamination had occurred.The hospital had carried out cataract eye operations from August 1 to 3 on 38 person and eight developed infection. Of the eight, Narasimha Shetty (72) of Airody Village died. Udupi District Health officer Dr Bairy said the victim had a heart condition and the primary cause of death was cardiac arrest. But he may have undergone stress due to the evisceration during the surgery,'' he said. Sukra (35) from Bhatkal has lost his vision. Those who developed infection apart from the two mentioned are: Panju Poojary from Brahmavar, Shivaram Jogi from Giliyaru, Manjunath Udupa from Amparu, Sita Poojary from Kundapur, Girija from Saligrama and Narasa Poojary from Koteshwara.Thirty eight persons underwent operations in three days at Kota. Two contracted infection in the first batch of 11 operated on the first day, three of 15 persons operated on second day contracted infection and the third day only three of the 12 did.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15579055", "title": "More mishaps at Guirim, govt departments play blame game", "text": "MAPUSA: The damaged portion of the national highway 17 near the hotel Green Park junction in Guirim has turned into an accident-prone zone. Despite the serious problem causing grave inconvenience to commuters and adding to traffic chaos, authorities are neglecting the repair work.On Sunday, a truck met with an accident at the same stretch because of the damaged road causing minor injuries to the helper. The wheels of the truck were trapped in the dug-up mud and the truck collapsed on its side. The damage was caused during the laying of the water pipeline of the Tillari irrigation project, but the public works department (PWD) and the Goa Tillari Irrigation Development Corporation (GTIDC) are yet to initiate concrete measures to repair it. The GTIDC has temporarily filled pits with boulders and soil which are damaging vehicles and commuters are forced to risk accidents daily.Thousands of vehicles ply along this stretch daily, which is now dilapidated and fast-becoming an accident-prone area. Many minor accidents are reported here daily besides damage to the vehicles.The blame game between PWD and the GTIDC is delaying the repair. It has been three months since the route was damaged but the department concerned has not even removed the debris properly, undertaken the proper repair works and returned it to its original condition.PWD has blamed the GTIDC for the damage to the road stating that despite writing to the GTIDC not to undertake the work during the monsoon fearing such problems, these please were ignored. GTIDC authorities said that the work was undertaken in April-May to meet the deadline and as soon as the work was completed, it was handed over to the PWD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579256", "title": "GM: Make Patliputra station ready soon", "text": "PATNA: The acting GM of East Central Railway (ECR), B P Khare, on Sunday, held a high-level meeting with senior officials and divisional railway manager (DRM), Danapur, L M Jha, to take stock of the various ongoing railway projects being carried out under the ECR, including Digha-Sonepur rail-cum-road bridge.Khare directed the officials concerned to complete the ongoing projects in time. During his inspection of the Digha - Sonepur rail-cum-road bridge on Sunday, Khare expressed satisfaction over the pace of work being carried out at the site. He personally inspected the fabrication work of the bridge and directed the officials concerned to complete the bridge work in time. \"Railways has been maintaining quality work at the bridge site,\" he said.The GM also visited the newly-built Patliputra station at Rukunpura. He said this station should be the originating point of such trains whose rakes are not maintained at Patna Junction, Rajendra Nagar Terminal and Danapur. But passenger trains whose rakes are lying idle in the yard at Patna Junction should also originate from Patliputra station, he said.Khare stressed on making Patliputra station operational soon to cope with huge traffic burden on Patna Junction. He directed the chief signal and telecom engineer of ECR to complete signalling work on priority basis near Phulwari station from where a separate line runs through Phulwari FCI godown to Digha rail bridge site. Besides, the GM asked officials concerned to get an electric pole removed from Patliputra platform to make it convenient for passengers.The GM also inspected Patna Junction and asked Danapur DRM to improve sanitation on railway platforms as well as on tracks. \"Cleanliness work must go on round-the-clock at Patna Junction where a large number of passengers either board or get down the trains,\" he said.According to the GM, railways must supply blankets with covers in AC first of the Rajdhani Express and quality of meals must be maintained in the Rajdhani pantry cars.About Karbigahiya-end of Patna Junction, Khare asked officials to complete the ongoing work in the circulating area of Karbigahiya-end which is the second exit point for passengers. Railways is developing this end on the pattern of New Delhi's Ajmeri Gate side to cope with huge rush of passengers during peak hours, an ECR official said.During his visit to the Rajendra Nagar Coaching Complex, the GM said the work related to lathe machine installation at the coaching complex must be completed soon so that coach maintenance work does not suffer, he said, adding parcel siding work would be taken up soon at Rajendra Nagar Terminal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578790", "title": "Corrupt PSU babus too may get \u2018sanction shield\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: The protective cover of government's permission to chargesheet a public servant for corruption could be extended to those on deputation to PSUs.The shield of Section 197 of CrPC (requiring investigating agencies to secure central government's nod to charge-sheet a 'public servant') is available to employees serving in a ministry or department but not to officials on deputation to PSUs and government companies.The Department of Personnel and Training (DoPT) has proposed to the group of ministers on corruption, headed by defence minister A K Antony, that the cover of Section 197 be made available to central government officers on temporary assignments to PSUs.Though ostensibly aimed at removing the anomaly of public servants of the same cadre getting differential treatment on corruption charges, the proposal runs the risk of attracting criticism that UPA is widening the protection against graft instead of reducing it. It comes in the backdrop of Anna Hazare's campaign demanding that Section 197 be scrapped.The proposal will test the ministerial panel since \"prosecution sanction\" remains a sensitive issue. The 'sanction shield' is justified on the ground that it is required to protect officials who face graft charges over bonafide decisions. Critics, however, say governments misuse the provision to protect corrupt officials.The allegations of misuse of sanction shield have stuck because of delays in disposing off requests for \"sanction\" against officials accused of graft. The widespread criticism recently forced the Centre to stipulate a three-month deadline to clear sanction requests. It has also ruled that refusal to grant \"sanction\" should be accompanied by detailed reasoning.Given the vociferous demands that 'prosecution sanction' be abolished, the move to extend it to a new group of public servants can trigger controversy.The difference between 'officers of central government' and 'central government officers on deputation' to PSUs arises from the differentiation drawn by some Supreme Court judgments. The law ministry has also clarified that officers on deputation do not have the protection under Section 197.An expert committee of DoPT, however, advocated for parity. It said officers on deputation were as much discharging official duties as those working in ministries/departments.\"This recommendation is not to be viewed as insulating such government servants from penal action for corruption but rather as a protection against misinformed criminal action for official acts done by them in good faith,\" the committee argued.Sections in Congress are reluctant to take decisions that can expose them to sniping that the Centre is soft on graft, a view that may make the Antony panel wary of DoPT's proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "15578129", "title": "Boy dies after falling in open drain in Gaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Open deathtraps in Ghaziabad claimed one more life on Monday after a one-year-old boy died after falling into a drain near his house in Surya Nagar, police said. This is the third major incident reported in the city in the last three months. Police said drains run very close by the cluster of shanties where the deceased, Shamin, lived. His family had come to the city two months back.\"On Sunday evening, Shamin stepped out to play when he fell through a gap in the drain. He was found more than an hour later after his family began a search. He was later taken to GTB hospital in Delhi where doctors said his condition was critical. On Monday afternoon, he was declared dead,\" a senior cop said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "15584318", "title": "Fresh floods in Dhemaji, over 25000 hit", "text": "JORHAT: Over 25,000 people of 30 villages under Sisiborgaon and Dhemaji revenue circles in Dhemaji district have been affected by a sudden wave of flood on Monday morning. Floodwaters submerged a vast portion of NH 52 in the Jolokiasuti area and disrupted communication between Lakhimpur and Pasighat for more than five hours.Officials said due to heavy rain in the hills of Arunachal Pradesh , the water level of the Chilawati started rising rapidly inundating a vast area in the district.Additional DC (Dhemaji) U K Boruah said, About 25,000 people of 30 villages under Sisiborgaon and Dhemaji circle offices have been affected by Monday's floods, which also submerged NH 52, disrupting communication in the morning. However, the water started receding from 1 pm. However, the deluge badly damaged the highway in some parts near Jolokiasuti. Officials of the highway department have rushed to the spot.''He added, 'Due to incessant rain in the Arunachal hills, the water levels of almost all the rivers passing through the district like Gai, Jiadhol, Kumotia and Chilaboti are rising since this morning. So, it is expected that the situation may take a serious turn in the next 12 hours in Dhemaji again if the water level rises continuously.'The Sisiborgaon revenue circle is the worst-hit in the district where more than 18,000 people of about 20 villages have been affected. Among them, over 1000 families have been rendered homeless in the floods and they have taken shelter in highlands and other relief camps. Officials are visiting the affected areas and have decided to distribute relief materials among the flood-hit. 'We are visiting the affected villages and took stock of the the situation there. We are also surveying the areas and decided to distribute relief materials,' an official of Sisiborgaon circle said.This is the third consecutive wave of floods in Dhemaji this year so far. Earlier, more than 1 lakh people of Dhemaji and over 2 lakh in northern Assam districts were affected by floods this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584497", "title": "Samsung announces dual-SIM Galaxy S Duos", "text": "Korean giant Samsung has officially announced its dual-SIM Android smartphone Galaxy S Duos. This smartphone will reportedly go on sale next month in Europe followed by other geographies including India.Samsung Galaxy S Duos comes with a 4-inch display with 480x800 pixel resolution. The smartphone runs on Android 4.0 ICS and is powered by a 1GHz single-core processor.The device will also comes pre-loaded with the ChatON messenger from Samsung.On camera front, the device packs a 5 megapixel camera with LED flash and 720p video recording, there's also a secondary front-facing VGA quality camera.Galaxy S Duos offers 512MB RAM and 4GB internal storage expandable by microSD card. Connectivity options include 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 a/b/g/n, Bluetooth 3.0 and a GPS.The device is equipped with a 1,500 mAh battery. There are no details available on its pricing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579408", "title": "Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court fumes over filing of false affidavit", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court has emphasized the need to deal strong with giving false evidence/affidavit in court. \"It is prima facie seen that the appellants had filed false affidavit in support of the stay application. No doubt, giving false evidence and filing false affidavit is an evil which must be effectively curbed with a strong hand. There is case of deliberate falsehood on a matter of substance and I am further satisfied that there is reasonable foundation for the charge,\" Justice Ashok Bhangale ruled before dismissing a criminal appeal of Prabhakar Masram and Pradeep Marpakwar.Tula Jaipurkar and her daughter Hemlata, residents of Yojna Apartments in Tilak Nagar, had filed a case against Masram before joint civil judge for breach of injunction order of additional district judge who directed him not to erect any permanent structure in the common space around their flats and to maintain status quo. However, Masram, who purchased the property, allegedly demolished a chamber and drainage and also caused diversion of water course.Masram defended his decision stating that injunction order was not passed in his presence and never communicated to him. However, trial judge held that the order was equally binding on him and directed him to restore chamber and drainage. The judge also issued a notice to him asking him why he should not be sent to civil prison for breach of injunction. Masram, along with his counsel Marpakwar, then went to the ad hoc additional district judge and allegedly supported their argument with false affidavit and evidence.Jaipurkars then moved the high court for framing charges again Masram and his counsel under Contempt of Courts Act. The high court granted liberty to initiate criminal proceedings against them before sessions court which subsequently ordered to lodge a complaint under Sections 193, 199 and 200 of IPC against Masram and his counsel. The duo challenged this order through this criminal appeal.\"The prosecution for perjury should be sanctioned by courts only in those cases where it appears to be deliberate and conscious, and conviction is reasonably probable or likely. It is true that to start such prosecution too readily and too frequently, without due care and caution, and on inconclusive and doubtful material, defeats its very purpose,\" Justice Bhangale stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578433", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation to build 100 toilet blocks for its schools", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to create 154 toilet blocks in its schools at an estimated cost of Rs 1.8 crore.As per norms of the Right to Education Act, schools must have separate toilets for boys and girls. The NMC's education department has made a budgetary provision in this regard for the current financial year.\"Among the 154 toilet blocks, 94 will be constructed for female students and 60 for male pupils. The proposal will be approved at the meeting and work will begin immediately. All existing toilets in the 129 schools of the NMC that need repair are being worked on,\" said NMC's education officer Nitin Upasani.Upasani said that once construction on the structures begins, it would be completed within a few months. Principals have also been instructed to keep the areas clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584554", "title": "LG Optimus Vu launching in September", "text": "LG Optimus Vu is set to launch in select markets in Asia, Europe, Middle East/Africa and Latin America in September, according to the company.Announced earlier this year, LG Optimus Vu is a tablet-smartphone hybrid, capable of stylus input like the Samsung Galaxy Note. The smartphone runs on Android 4.0 ICS and is reported to be equipped with NVIDIA Tegra 3 mobile processor for global launch.The device features a 5-inch 4:3 aspect ratio XGA resolution (768x1024) IPS display. LG Vu comes with an 8 megapixel camera and a 1.3 MP secondary camera, and packs 32GB of onboard storage.The company has not disclosed the device's pricing so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578275", "title": "Haryana to use satellite data to monitor infrastructure projects", "text": "GURGAON: Haryana Space Application Centre (HARSAC), Hisar, is developing the spatial data infrastructure to provide satellite data and thematic maps for planning and monitoring of various programmes and schemes in the state.\"Departments would be able to access all the available information from HARSAC resources. The project is being supported by the department of science andtechnology, government of India, with a grant of Rs 2.03 crore,\" said a HARSAC spokesperson.According to the Haryana Science and Technology Department, the Haryana Space Applications Centre has been doing various projects like Ground Water Prospects Mapping for Haryana, Space Based Information System for Decentralized Planning (SIS-DP), Demarcation of unauthorized colonies, Delineation of paleochannels, Mapping and management of water logging in central Haryana, preparation of police station jurisdiction atlas of Haryana and National Urban Information System (NUIS).A spokesperson said that two Centres of Excellence are being set up in the state which include 'DNA testing and diagnostics facility for research and application in Haryana 'at Centre for Plant Biotechnology (CPB), Hisar at a cost of Rs 233.85 lakh and 'Renewable Energy Test centre' at Deen Bandhu Chhotu Ram University of Science and Technology (DCRUST), Murthal at a cost of Rs100 lakh. The department has already released Rs 143.37 lakh to CPB and Rs 50 lakh to DCRUST as a first year grant in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15584728", "title": "Sangma moves SC against Pranab's election as President", "text": "NEW DELHI: P A Sangma on Tuesday moved the Supreme Court challenging the election of Congress leader Pranab Mukherjee as President of India.The petition filed by Sangma has contended that Mukherjee was holding an office of profit as the chairman of Indian Statistical Institute when he had entered the race for President.BJP leader and senior advocate Satpal Jain, who was Sangma's campaign in-charge during the presidential election said the petition has sought a direction for setting aside Mukherjee's election as President and that in his place he should be declared elected unopposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583656", "title": "Gujrat attracting tourists from MP", "text": "INDORE: Gujarat is fast emerging as one of the top tourist destinations of the country. It is attracting even people from Madhya Pradesh, a state taking pride in attracting local as well as international tourists.The number of tourist visiting Gujarat has already crossed the 2.5 crore mark in the current fiscal as against just 55 lakh tourists in 2005-06, said Kamlesh Patel, chairman of Tourism Corporation of Gujarat. He was in the city on Monday to participate in a road show promoting Gujarat tourism.He said that Gujarat has started focusing on tourism as a source of revenue from 2005-06. It has spent Rs 1,250 crores on improving basic infrastructure required for a tourist destination. Since then state is registering robust growth in the sector. \"In 2009-10, the state witnessed arrival of 1.70 crore tourist, in 2010-11 the number increased to 2.23 crore and this year, we have crossed the figure of 2.5 crore of tourist,\" he said.Patel said that apart from promoting its monuments and wildlife, Gujarat was trying to promote tourism through festivals as well. \"Festivals are one of major tourism attraction across the globe. Keeping this in mind, the state tourism department is now organizing several festivals and the number is increased every year. This year we have started celebrating mango festival. Gujarat is also promoting its events like Taranetar fair, Navratri festival, Runn Utsav and International Kite festival,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "araria", "code": "15579702", "title": "Woman gang-raped, killed in Araria", "text": "ARARIA: The recovery of the body of a woman near upgraded middle school at village Katphar under Kunwari police outpost in Araria district on August 19 has created a flutter. Some passersby stumbled on the body of the woman who was identified as Ranjana Devi of village Katphar on Sunday. She was allegedly killed after being gangraped the previous night. Her face and body bore severe assault marks, police said. Ranjana was the wife of Ashok Mandal, who has been away from his village for the last three months.The deceased's father Dayanand Mandal, who belongs to near by village Haruwabari under Kursakata police station, lodged an FIR with the Kursakata police station on Sunday, hurling charges of gang rape and murder on two villagers Dharmnath Tatma and Mohammad Bashir, police said. Tatma hails from village Dhadhapipar while Bashir is a resident of Shishabari under the same police station.Ranjana had a spat with the two accused on August 18 evening over some trifle issue. She went out of her home to lodge an FIR with the Kunwari police outpost leaving behind her children. She, however, did not come back and family members' desperate search for her did not yield any fruit, police said. Her body was found thrown near a bush near the upgraded middle school at the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15579137", "title": "Northeast Indians exodus: BJP attacks PM for singling out Karnataka", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Monday attacked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh questioning why he \"singled\" out Karnataka over the issue of exodus of people from the northeast even when violent incidents took place in Mumbai and Hyderabad, alleging this could have been politically motivated.\"No incident took place in Bangalore but the Prime Minister chose to speak to Karnataka CM even when no violent incident took place there. Violent incidents took place in Hyderabad and Mumbai but he chose to talk to Karnataka CM only,\" Gadkari said at a seminar.\"This is like...aag lagi hai Delhi mein, aur fire brigade gayi mumbai mein (there is fire in Delhi and the fire brigade has been sent to Mumbai)...Usmein bhi rajniti ho sakti hai (there could be politics behind this also),\" he said.The BJP chief also mounted an attack on Congress charging it was a \"problem\" itself and responsible for all ills confronting the nation like corruption, price rise, anarchy, foreign infiltration.He wondered whether the nation's internal and external security was safe in the party's hands as it was \"casual\" towards such sensitive issues.\"The nation is going through a bad phase. This government has broken all records on corruption, price rise, anarchy and foreign infiltration. It is casual towards internal and external security and there are fears on whether the nation's internal and external security is protected,\" he said.Gadkari said \"Congress is the biggest problem\" and \"all problems are due to Congress party\".\"If the nation, its people, its politicians, its media is not awaken, the nation stands on the verge of another partition,\" he warned.The BJP leader accused Congress of playing vote-bank politics and charged its leaders with allowing Bangladeshis to enter India and getting their votes to be in power. \"A red carpet was laid for Bangladeshis for vote-bank politics...Congress leaders like Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed allowed Bangladeshis to enter India and get votes made only on the condition that they will vote for Congress party and help them be in power,\" he said.\"Is there any country where people are allowed to enter like this,\" the BJP chief asked, adding that, Union minister Sriprakash Jaiswal had stated in Rajya Sabha that there are over one crore illegal \"infiltrators\" from Bangladesh in India.Commenting on the \"porous border\" he said, \"anybody can go in and out of the 270-km border with Bangladesh in Assam\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "korba, chhattisgarh", "code": "15582377", "title": "An agent of change for his village", "text": "KORBA, CHHATTISGARH: When Raghuraj Singh, a tribal youth with an MBA degree, working in a private life insurance company, came home for Diwali in 2010, he didn't had an inkling that he would become a sarpanch of a backward village and catalyst of changing face of growing dynamic rural India. Now, under his leadership, Sirli village in Korba district of Chhattisgarh, bagged two awards for literacy and sanitation and is also expecting similar recognition soon for its work in leprosy eradication.Away from media glare, the 30-year-old village head of Sirli, located at 38 km away from Korba town known as power generation hub of Chhattisgarh, managed to motivate the villagers to join a literacy campaign and later involved people in total sanitation campaign with a goal of eradicating the practice of defecation in open.His efforts bore fruit-the village got Satyendra Mishra award for excellence in literacy work and the 'Nirmal Gram Puraskar' after Sirli became a village where all houses, schools and anganwadis having sanitary toilets and awareness among community on the importance of maintaining personal and community hygiene and clean environment.\"While doing BCA in Bhopal's Barkatullah University and later MBA from Bangalore, my only dream was to get a job. Initially, I worked in Bangalore before becoming a manager with Birla Sunlife, an insurance company\", said a soft-spoken Raghuraj Singh.When he came home on Diwali in 2010, a village elder asked \"Pad-likh kar bahar hi naukari karoge; gaon ke bare mein nahi sochoge?\"-it was the turning point in his life, and for Sirli. As panchayat elections were on at the time, Singh filed his nomination papers to contest election even without telling his family members. The villagers gave 406 votes to elect him as the new sarpanch.Being close to the industrial hub of Korba, Singh felt that a better connect with the local industry could be beneficial for the uplift of the village-finally Sirli market got a shed constructed at a cost of Rs 15 lakh with the cooperation of public sector National Thermal Power Corporation ( NTPC ). The Vedanta Group, which runs the disinvested Bharat Aluminum Company Limited (BALCO), came forward with a project to impart self-employment training for girls in the village. Many of these girls later got jobs in Chennai and Trivandrum in branded garment making units.Government school in the village has seven computers and efforts are on to add three more soon. After two farmers in the village opted for drip irrigation, other farmers, too, are now keen on adopting drip irrigation to improve crop production as they have realized that cultivation of vegetables could fetch good income. The village with a population of 2,300, is all set to get a solar-based street lighting system.\"I am not a full-time politician. Ever since I quit my job, farming has been my livelihood. My brother Radharaman Singh, a postgraduate and I do farming on about 15 acres of land,\" said the village head adding that the development of village is possible only when all are educated.\"I want to set up a big public library in the village and implement all state government-run welfare and rural development schemes. It's God's grace; there is no bureaucratic indifference or political interference. Our village is getting support both from industry and the government,\" he quipped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579677", "title": "Govt yet to set up animal welfare board", "text": "PATNA: Despite the Centre's directive in October 2008 to constitute state animal welfare board (SAWB) within three months, Bihar government has failed to set up the body even in 45 months.Acting on a Supreme Court order dated August 6, 2008, the Union government issued the directive to all the state governments to constitute their SAWB within three months.The main objective was to promote animal welfare and protect animals from unnecessary suffering as well as to ensure proper enforcement of the provisions of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animal Act, 1960, in the states.The office of the principal accountant general (PAG), Bihar, while conducting an integrated audit of the animal and fisheries resources department in August 2011, also raised the issue of non-constitution of the SAWB.While replying to the PAG, the state government stated in November 2011 that the constitution of the SAWB was under process.When contacted, Bihar animal and fisheries resources department minister Giriraj Singh told TOI, \"I would inquire from the department officials about the status of constitution of the board once the secretariat opens after the Eid festival.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578146", "title": "Youth gets 7-year jail for raping minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 20-year-old youth has been sent to jail for seven years by a Delhi court for raping a minor girl with the help of one of his friends who allegedly recorded the whole incident on his mobile phone. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 3,000 on convict Vikram after holding him guilty for raping the minor girl last year.The case against Vikram's friend, arrested for allegedly recording the incident, was transferred to Juvenile Justice Board as he was a minor. Additional Sessions Judge Neena Bansal Krishna held Vikram guilty of the offence, relying on the testimony of the 15-year-old victim and forensic evidence.An FIR was lodged on July 21 last year on complaint of the victim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579339", "title": "Sufferings unlimited for kids with HIV", "text": "NAGPUR: Some of the Western countries are seeing the trend of 'graying' of the HIV infection, with many of the sufferers of the disease surviving upto a ripe age. Ironically, India still seems to be grappling with problems of what some call 'an invisible population group' - Children Living with HIV (CLHIV).With insufficient government facilities for them, these children have become the first casualties of the drying up of funds being forwarded towards HIV affected people, nationally and internationally. Along with the social and psychological trauma that these kids have to go through, the physical troubles they suffer also multiply in the absence of medical services for them. Most of the NGOs who were working for this deprived lot have either phased out or are in the process of phasing out their projects. Last year, National AIDS Control Organization (NACO) withdrew financial support from many social outfits associated with the cause.\"A very few doctors understand the need of HIV-infected children. and so provide care to them.Despite being innocent recipients of the virus for no fault of their own, these children are forced to live a life full of despair and denial,\" said Samir Shinde, who has been working since the last few years to improve the condition of CLHIV. He also says that the facilities for screening and check-up of these children are insufficient. \"There is no focused government or NGO programme for the kids. Even the Anti-Retroviral Therapy (ART) medicine dosages are too strong for most children, which is a reason for other health problems,\" he added.Madhuri Giri, project coordinator for Sanjeevan, another NGO working for the positive people, said that efforts made by activists end up wasted because of changing government authorities. \"We have discussed the issues with many officials but they get transferred before they can act on the suggestions. In terms of government schemes, these children come under ICDS, where too there is no special mention of their special health and nutritional needs,\" she said. Pointing out that organizations will only help the kids till they have the project or the money, Giri underlined the need for a government project towards this end.Lack of medical facilities for the children is amongst is another big hurdle, believes social worker Manohar Roy from Eastern Studies Society. \"There is no paediatrician trained to deal with the other infections that afflict these kids because of their weaker immunity. As opposed to this, the facilities for the elders are a little better and improving. This is simply because a Person Living with HIV (PLHIV) is a part of the vote bank, children are not,\" he said. If the dos and don'ts are explained to these kids properly, it is possible for them to be a part of the society, he said while explaining the need for emotional, psychological and medical counselling for the kids.Director of India Peace Centre John Chelladurai agrees and adds, \"To an extent, some facilities are still there in urban and district centres but not in smaller towns and villages. We can't keep blaming the government as society also needs to be more proactive.\" Education may have become the right of every child, but not many schools readily accept children having AIDS, said Harshan KY of Eficor. \"Most of these children become orphans early with nobody to take care of them. From the government's side, all they get is ART treatment, but no nutritional support that can help them have stronger immunity,\" he said.Support SuggestionsFocused programme aimed to improve the condition of Children Living with HIV (CLHIV)At least one doctor of each discipline in every city should be trained to handle these childrenPrivate schools can also take up at least one positive child eachDosage of medicines be made suitable for childrenProviding facilities like institutional care, palliative care and immunization for the childrenNutritional support, in the form of health supplements like vitamins, along with ART provided by governmentMaking care takers aware of the special immunization schedules for CLHIVsCounseling of High Risk Groups to limit the number of children who are born with the infectionCity NGOs' 24x7 care centre for +ve kidsLooking at the dismal way of life Children Living with HIV (CLHIV) are forced to live in the country, some city NGO's decided to change the scenario. Having completed three years of running a day care centre Tehillim Ministries of Charity (TMC), Maharashtra Positive Women's Network and National Integration Society, they are now aiming at establishing a centre of excellence for CLHIVs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582251", "title": "Eid-ul-Fitr celebrated with zest", "text": "BHOPAL: Eid-ul-Fitr was celebrated across the state on Monday with Muslims brethren involving themselves in charity works and visiting friends and relatives. Marking the end of the fasting month of Ramzan, people dressed in their festive best, participated in a congregational prayer held at Idgah Ground and exchanged greetings.For Muslims all around the world, Eid is a day of celebration, an end to a month-long of discipline and fasting. A three-day festival, Eid-ul-Fitr is celebrated with great zest.The word Eid translates to 'festivity' while Fitr means 'breaking the fast'. And hence, this is a day where Muslims around the world try to show unity through a day of festivity. The setting is perfect with family, friends, gifts and food around.Several citizens in Bhopal did not miss the opportunity to extend good wishes to their friends and relatives through website and other social networking sties. Former international hockey umpire Shakeel Qureshi said, \"Eid prayers are of course an important part of the day. Later in the day, I went on skyping all my friends around the world,\" grins Qureshi. He added that he never missed the opportunity to visit his close-friends and relatives on Eid. For most, a typical Eid day starts with prayers, new dresses and wishing family members. \"This Eid, thankfully, I am with my family but there have been occasions when I have been away at college and that is when I missed home and the food the most,\" Shazia Khan, dental student, said.The custom of Eidi (Eid money) is something children usually never forget. At the end of Eid lunch, the elders in the family give money to the young ones.Iqbal Beig, a banker, talking about his Eid, said, \"Eid brings about a sense of belonging because you are with family. I have more than six uncles from whom I got Eidi. So, for me Eid is pay-day! Later, in theevening I met with my friends,\" Iqbal said.Prominent among the political leaders who greeted people on the occasion were chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan , state unit BJP president Prabhat Jha, the leader of opposition in the state Assembly Ajay Singh, Congress leaders Sunil Sood and Manak Agarwal.Prayers were also held in Indore, Jabalpur, Ujjain and Gwalior among other cities to mark the festive spirit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579563", "title": "For some razzmatazz at Sec 17...", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a few months, your visit to the Sector 17 plaza is likely to be spiced up with a spectacular laser show projecting the Open Hand, the Capitol Complex and even movies on sheets of water of a fountain. Soothing your ears, music will flow from this multi-media water musical fountain.The UT municipal corporation and the tourism department of UT have submitted a Rs 4 crore proposal for an international standard multi-media water musical fountain-cum-laser show in the city's commercial hub to the ministry of tourism, Government of India.The tourism department of the Chandigarh administration and Chandigarh Municipal Corporation are jointly bringing the venture to the city for the furtherance of tourism with the help of ministry of tourism.Starting the process, the tourism department and the MC have recently sent the proposal to the tourism ministry for funds, while the tender process for the project has also been initiated. After that a presentation in this regard will be given to senior officials of Chandigarh administration before finalization.Confirming the development R C Diwan superintending engineer of MC said, \"We have sent the proposal to the ministry of tourism. The project will be of international level to attract maximum number of tourists.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15577135", "title": "Did Rahul Dravid miss out on Khel Ratna for BCCI's callousness?", "text": "BANGALORE: Bulky dossiers on personal feats seem to be passe for Board of Control for Cricket in India. At least this was what the Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna and Arjuna awards committee found, much to its consternation, on Saturday.While the achievement columns of most of the other Khel Ratna and Arjuna awardees, listing their exploits, are comprehensive, BCCI apparently chose to be too concise for the committee's comfort, sources told TOI.\"For example, Rahul Dravid's record was described as 12 matches against England with five centuries, three of them unbeaten. In Yuvraj's case, the 2009 and 2011 columns were blank. His scores of 2010 were listed along with a line that he was the 'Player of the World Cup'. Surely, his scores and performance at the World Cup could have been spelt out in detail,\" the sources said. \"What we got to read shocked us. It only reflects BCCI's callousness. We are sure they could have compiled the players' records in a more professional manner,\" the sources said.A majority of the committee members regretted the way they had been taken for granted and were against picking Yuvraj for the Arjuna award, the sources said. But eventually, his brilliant run in last year's World Cup won the day for him.However, Rahul Dravid wasn't as lucky as the committee decided to go with two telling performances at the Olympics -- Vijay Kumar (silver, shooting) and Yogeshwar Dutt (bronze, wrestling). \"We had instructions to choose one for the Khel Ratna but we shortlisted two. Had we gone in for the third, it would have been Ronjan Sodhi , whose superb run last year, including a World Cup finals gold in double trap in UAE , was recorded far more meticulously. Going by what was in Dravid's file, it just did not match up to the feats of the Olympic medallists,\" the sources said.Interestingly, BCCI had plenty of time to compile the cricketers' achievements after the sports ministry extended the last date for submitting nominations from April 30 to July 20. The previous deadline had passed amid acrimony and bloodletting with the BCCI contending that it hadn't received the awards proforma from the ministry and the ministry in turn, insisting that its official had spoken to the BCCI office in Mumbai to remind them of the last date to send in their nominations.Dhyan Chand award for Dravid?The Khel Ratna committee, which overlooked Rahul Dravid for the country's highest sporting honour, has recommended that the former India captain ought to be given the central government's lifetime award.\"The committee unanimously decided that Dravid's achievements were too good to be ignored. But since two Olympians were chosen for the Khel Ratna, we decided that he should be recommended for the Dhyan Chand award. We also conveyed this to the minister when we met him,\" sources said.Unlike the Khel Ratna, which has a purse of Rs 7.5 lakh, Dhyan Chand award carries a cash award of Rs 5 lakh, a plaque and a scroll of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579286", "title": "Turn \u2018digi-lante\u2019 to get back stolen items", "text": "Jake Gillum loved his bike. So when it was stolen in Portland, Oregon earlier this month he was determined to get it back. He spent days online searching for his carbon-fibre racer in what seemed like a hopeless quest, until he found it for sale in Seattle, 257.49 km away.What followed was an elaborate sting operation in which Gillum used an alias and an app to give him a disposable mobile phone number to trick the thief into meeting him. He confronted the criminal, caught the exchange on camera and gave chase when the thief bolted. The video, which was uploaded to YouTube last week, ends when Seattle's finest arrive. Its highlights include Gillum chasing the bad guy and shouting: \"This is why you don't steal from bicyclists, because we care about our rides! Because I will go 257.5 km to get my $2,500 bike back!\"Gillum's internet vigilantism is only the latest example , though, as ordinary people use the hi-tech methods to reclaim their possessions.Last week Scottish biker Donald Pyper, 32, texted about 50 friends and used Facebook and Twitter to track sightings of his prized Harley Davidson after it was stolen (he got it back). And in London, where bike theft has risen by a third, people seek to track down their wheels by posting on social media. Last April the ex-England rugby captain Will Carling used the Find My iPhone app to trace his stolen iPad to a block of flats in Woking and in California . Joshua Kaufman became famous after spending weeks gathering photos and location data using a software package called Hidden to track down his stolen laptop.The police are catching on, too. After BBC's home affairs correspondent Tom Symonds was mugged near his home, the Haringey robbery squad used an iPad to track his stolen phone's GPS signal and collar the thief. Symonds was helped by the boys in blue, but is there a risk that going it alone will only get your head kicked in?\"Even without the police I would have tracked down my phone,\" Symonds says. \"It's then a question of if you should march off, iPad in hand, to reclaim it. If I'd have done that I'd have probably ended up losing my iPad, too.\" Predictably, the Met is tightlipped about victims taking justice into their own hands: \"We welcome all the help people can give in investigating crimes, but you should always contact your local police if you have any information about a theft.\" -- THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15578319", "title": "NCB seizes Rs 2cr worth heroin bound for Maldives", "text": "MADURAI: Officials of the Narcotic Control Bureau (NCB), South Zone here seized a large quantum of heroin from a man hailing from Andhra Pradesh on August 18.According to an official statement from NCB, headquarters in Chennai, Ramulu Guglot alias Ramulu (40) was intercepted by officials from NCB Madurai, sub-zone at Kalavasal Junction opposite to Mappillai Vinayagar and Manicka Vinayagar theatres on August 18 and found 1.906 kg of heroin in the man's possession.The contraband was bound to the Maldives and the heroin seized was estimated to be worth Rs 2 crore in the illicit international market. Ramulu had concealed the stuff in a false bottom of a trolley travel bag when he was intercepted by the officials. He was arrested and was remanded the same day, the statement added.According to officials, Ramulu was taking the consignment to Tuticorin from where it was to be sent through sea to Maldives.The heroin is believed to have come from Rajasthan and Ramulu was taking it from Hyderabad to Tuticorin. He had alighted in Madurai to take a bus to Tuticorin but the officials secured him based on special information.NCB officials here said that such kind of huge consignment is first-of-its-kind in Madurai and the city is a transit point for the drug peddlers who ferry the narcotics to the destinations like Rameswaram and Tuticorin. \"Though drug abuse is not prominent here, Madurai is a transit point for the southern destinations from where they are shipped to foreign countries,\" an NCB official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578756", "title": "Govt on warpath with plan panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: The idea of a single National Health Mission to address the health challenges of the country's rural and urban population, as envisaged by the Planning Commission, is in the eye of a storm.The Union health ministry has made its stand clear that a uniform approach can never work.The letter written by the ministry to the Commission says that the health facilities in rural areas conform to a uniform pattern, while in urban areas it varies widely not only from state to state but also for different category of local bodies within a state such as megapolises, metros or municipal towns.Experts say a single health mission will just widen the health gap between urban and rural India.The disparity is already telling.Consider, the infant mortality rate (IMR). In urban India, IMR stands at 31 per 1,000 population, while in rural it is 51 per 1,000 population \u2014 65% higher in rural than in urban areas.When it comes to under five mortality rate, it is 38 in urban and 66 in rural (74% higher in rural areas). In terms of neonatal mortality rate, it is 89% higher in rural India - 19 in urban and 36 in rural.The total fertility rate (TFR) is 1.9 in urban India and 2.8 in rural areas (47% higher). The number of beds in government hospitals located in urban areas is 6.1 lakh, while it is 1.6 lakh in rural settings.Around 80% of all doctors, 75% of all dispensaries and 60% of all hospitals (both government and private) are located in urban areas even though it contains only 31% of India's population.The availability of qualified physicians is 11.3 per 10,000 in urban areas, while in rural it is 1.9 per 10,000 population.Experts told TOI, \"A single health mission can never work as the problems faced by urban and rural are completely different. There can never be a single budget, nor a common strategy.\"Some Commission officials themselves say that \"a single mission will make this disparity more acute\".The health ministry has informed the Commission that it has strong reservations against the panel's proposal for a National Health Mission, saying, \"the way it has been articulated is fraught with the danger of neglect of rural areas which requires more attention\".The ministry says that it was categorically decided in a recent meeting taken by principal secretary to the PM that that there will be a National Health Mission with two sub-missions \u2014 National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) and National Urban Health Mission (NUHM). While the implementation structure will be common for both, the resource allocation and strategy both for rural and urban areas will be according to their respective needs.The ministry has said that the suggested re-structuring of the central sector schemes needs a fresh look.It has been suggested that all the central sector programmes would be consolidated to six schemes that include AYUSH (ayurveda, unani, siddha and homeopathy) and health research and 24 centrally sponsored schemes under the National Health Mission.The ministry's letter says this would create substantial confusion and will be unwieldy.The ministry therefore has suggested that the programmes under the department of health can be brought under six different schemes including National Health Mission.The NHM will have four different components of NRHM, NUHM, communicable diseases and non-communicable diseases.\"The programmes of department of AYUSH, AIDS control and health research should be completely separate,\" the health ministry says.The ministry has also expressed serious worry on the panel's draft chapter that indicates a total public investment on health in the 12th Plan to be only 1.5% of GDP as against earlier plans to raise total health expenditure to 2.5% of GDP by the end of 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582284", "title": "School buses inspection from Wednesday", "text": "BHOPAL: The third round of inspection of school buses is scheduled to begin from Wednesday with a team being formed to check compliance of Supreme Court guidelines on safety.Previously, the checking was supposed to commence from Tuesday but as the schools were declared closed by the district collector following heavy rainfall, the checking was postponed to Wednesday.The team is expected to inspect buses of 46 schools, which had earlier submitted compliance report in response to the notices issued by the authorities concerned. Ten schools hadn't submitted their compliance report by August 10 and hence have been left out.Deputy Commissioner Bhopal division Urmila Shukla said, \"Now the checking would commence from Wednesday as the schools are closed on Tuesday. A team has been formed comprising a tehsildar, transport, school education, traffic and home guard officials. The orders for random checking of buses have been issued for a week after which depending on the status of the buses, the orders would be extended.\"The difference between the first and second round of checking held during March and July respectively and the one going to begin on Tuesday is if any of the buses is found not complying with guidelines of the Supreme Court permits would be cancelled on the spot, according to transport officials.\"One team would be inspected every day for seven days. We hope this time the buses' compliance would be complete,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578100", "title": "2 held for seeking 'protection money'", "text": "A 40-year-old Kurla resident, Manohar Apte, and his accomplice, Suresh Pawar, were arrested on Monday for allegedly demanding \"protection money\" from a sand supplier. The supplier, Zakaria Qazi (40), had filed a complaint in this regard with the Vinoba Bhave Nagar police. Qazi had bagged a contract to supply sand to a construction site, which is close to the accused's house. He lodged the complaint when the accused threatened him that they will not allow his loaded truck to pass through their lane if he does not pay them the ransom. Cops are looking for two more accused in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581486", "title": "David Dhawan adds new tagline for Chashm-e-Buddoor", "text": "Moving away from Sai Paranjpye's tale of three friends, David Dhawan will have a new tagline for the remake of Chashm-e-Buddoor -- Kyunki har ek friend kameena hota hai.Evidently, the tagline is inspired from a popular advertisement for a cellphone featuring youngsters celebrating friendship. The decision to use the epithet 'kameena' in the tagline was taken to highlight the mischievousness of the gang and also to markedly differentiate it from the more innocent friendships shown in the original Farooque Shaikh, Rakesh Bedi and Ravi Baswani starrer which released in 1981.A source close to the project said, \"David wanted to bring out the kameenapan of the gang. The three friends from the original Chashm-e-Buddoor would find it hard to recognise Siddharth, Ali Zafar and Divyendu Sharma as their reincarnations. Unlike in the original movie, these guys are seriously mean. David needed a line to describe their genuinely malicious intentions.\"Dhawan will also be shooting an additional song to go with the tagline. The shooting of the film is on at the moment.When contacted, Sai Paranjpye who has not been too happy with the news of the remake, refused to comment on the new twist to her old classic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15584626", "title": "State picked for Saarc education meet", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand is the only state in the country chosen to participate in the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) conference on Early Childhood Care and Education policy (ECCE) to be held at Hotel Oberoi in New Delhi. It will be a three day event starting from August 27. The Ranchi declaration, which talks of many recommendations in the area of preschool learning with a focus on quality education for the children, will be presented .Job Zacariah, Unicef's state head, said: \"In the declaration, there are a few areas where we believe attention is needed. Firstly, there should be a separate curriculum for preschools, or in the national curriculum, a separate section should delve on preschools. Secondly, the Right to Education Act should be made a reality for every child and it must focus on the age group of 3-6. Thirdly, there should convergence between the two departments which are human resource and women and child development.\"He added: \"The focus on preschool learning is quite less now. Today, a majority of children do not get preschool education, which is very important. The school-readiness seen in students is less and it results in school drop outs. We would try our level best that the central government looks at our recommendations and frames a policy which covers each aspect.\"Binay Pattanayak, Unicef education specialist and a presenter at the conference, said, \"It's a big recognition to the Ranchi forum which has created space at international map in pre school learning. We will carry the declaration to the ministry of human resource development, women and child development and Planning Commission of government of India.\"Mridula Sinha, principal secretary, ministry of social welfare, women and child development, Jharkhand who will be the other presenter said, \"I am quite enthusiastic about this and to share our experience at the global forum. I think pre school learning is very important and that too in rural areas because in rural areas children hardly get quality education. I have made efforts during my stint as education secretary. All of us at the HRD department and Unicef will work in a coordinated manner towards making pre school and Right to Education a reality.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578750", "title": "Village heads flay building restrictions at Vedanthangal", "text": "CHENNAI: Residents and heads of 68 villages around the Vedanthangal bird sanctuary have decided to rally against the forest department's ban on construction within a five kilometre radius of the sanctuary.At a meeting of the action committee at Vedanthangal on Sunday, it was decided that they would block roads, give up voter identity cards and ration cards and hoist black flags at houses to protest against the freeze on construction.The committee comprising village heads passed a resolution, pledging to fight the restriction, at the meeting attended by a few thousand residents from neighbouring villages.\"There is no clear idea about the restrictions itself. Further, it will block development works, including construction of hospital, school and community centres,\" said S Vijayakumar, president of Vellaputhur panchayat.On August 5, the state forest department organised a meeting where officials explained to residents, elected representatives about the restrictions on new constructions and repair of existing structures that come under the 5km range of Vedanthangal and Karikili sanctuaries.The restrictions are based on the numerous orders passed by the Supreme Court over the years and the National Board for Wildlife's instructions that prohibit non-forest activities in areas around sanctuaries in the country. Reports on large-scale real estate ventures around bird sanctuaries at Vedanthangal, Pulicat and Karikili made forest officials to intensify their surveillance and ban constructions in buffer area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583135", "title": "Central verges bring hope of smooth ride", "text": "LUDHIANA: In order to make the flow of traffic smoother at crossroads and traffic signals in the city, the municipal corporation has started installation of central verges at important junctions.According to authorities, after identifying problematic traffic junctions central verges have already been constructed near Durga Mata Mandir and Bharat Nagar Chowk on Ferozepur Road. Apart from these, Kailash Chowk and Dandi Swami Temple Road also have these.Station house officer (traffic) Beant Juneja said, \"In the absence of barricades (central verges), vehicular movement becomes random especially with different types of vehicles moving at different speeds. The construction of these verges would essentially mean that the traffic movement will be more organized now. We have a plan to introduce these verges at various points in the city, which have already been identified.\" He added, \"We have already installing a few at various sensitive points, including Durga Mata Mandir and Bharat Nagar Chowk on Ferozepur Road. Next we plan to have barricades in Sarabha Nagar area.\"Meanwhile, the residents are happy with the fact that the authorities have finally snapped out of slumber to realize the traffic nuisance in city. Charanjeet Singh, resident of Shaheed Karnail Singh Nagar, said, \"Construction of central verges at various points in the city is very essential to make the traffic situation better in city. It's great to know that the authorities have finally started working towards solving the traffic menace in city.\"Resident of Shastri Nagar, Paramjeet Singh said, \"Earlier too the authorities had installed verges but with passage of time many got damaged. Now there is an urgent need of a central verges at the chowk near PAU.\" Ankita, a resident of Ferozepur Road, said, \"Apart from major city roads, the authorities should install these in the inside roads too. I feel verges are most required on Chandigarh Road, Hambran Road and Samrala Chowk.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579340", "title": "Two brothers booked for 11 acre land fraud", "text": "NAGPUR: Following a court order, Kalamna police have booked Govindrao and Moreshwar Ghorpende for selling the same plot of land to two persons.The complainant, Devnath Chinchghare (76), has said that from 1977 to 2007 he was posted as secretary of Thakkargram Housing Society. In 1982, between February 15 and August 31, he purchased 11 acre land at Bharatwada for the use of the society from the Ghorpende brothers at a price of Rs45,000.Chinchghare divided the land into 243 plots and sold it to the different people. The plot buyers paid the registration fees and also completed other legal procedures. Later, the plot owners came to know that another person is claiming the land as his own, and proposed to set up a fish and mutton market on the land.Investigations revealed that the Ghorpende brothers had sold the same land to Quetta Colony resident Mitesh Taak and Lakadganj resident Bharat Yadav for Rs2.58 crore in December 2010.Chinchghare immediately reported the matter to Kalamna police, but got no response and hence he, and the people he sold the land to, took the matter to court. On Monday, the court directed registration of a fraud case and investigation against the Ghorpende brothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577727", "title": "10 prisoners flee jail, beat up guards; 3 held", "text": "JAIPUR: Ten prisoners escaped from a sub-jail in Rajsamand's Bhim town after severely beating up six guards on Monday evening. Police have managed to arrest three, while the search is on for others.Four guards sustained injuries in the attack.Rajsamand SP Rahul Katkey told TOI, \"Nineteen prisoners are lodged in the jail including under trials and convicts. The jail staff was shifting the prisoners into their barracks around 5.30 pm when the incident occurred.\"Ten of these prisoners attacked the guards. \"Three guards each were standing on either side of the gate which opens to the barrack section. Some of them were armed, but that didn't deter the prisoners who snatched the rifles and then started beating them up,\" said Bhim police station in-charge Pradeep Kumar Hapawat.The prisoners pushed the guards into the barrack section, closed it from outside and fled.\"The jailor informed the police, following which teams from various nearby police stations launched a search for the escaped prisoners. Most of them have cases of theft, robbery and rape registered against them,\" said the officer.One of the escaped prisoners is historysheeter Mokham Singh who runs an interstate gang of robbers.\"We spotted some prisoners and chased them. Two of them were arrested from the hills situated near the sub-jail. Another was arrested from a different locality,\" the officer said.He said separate FIRs have been registered against the prisoners for attacking the guards and escaping.\"It seems that they had been planning the escape for sometime. We are questioning the arrested prisoners as well as others,\" the officer added.Prison Break10 prisoners beat up guards and escape from sub-jail in RajsamandAmong them is historysheeter Mokham Singh, who runs an interstate gang of robbersThree arrested, search on for others", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15577862", "title": "US asks Bangladesh not to reduce the integrity of Grameen Bank", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US on Monday asked Bangladesh government not to take any step that would reduce the \"integrity or efficacy\" of the Grameen Bank .\"We remain deeply concerned about recent actions by the government of Bangladesh to give the government- appointed chairman of the (Grameen) bank control over the selection of the new managing director,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference.\"We are continuing to urge the government of Bangladesh not to take any actions that would reduce the integrity or efficacy of the bank, and we are calling on the government to ensure transparency in the selection of the new managing director,\" she said.\"This has been a very vibrant part of Bangladeshi society and has in fact been a model for other parts of the world. So we're watching closely,\" Nuland said in response to a question on the latest action being taken by the Bangladeshi government against the Grameen Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583589", "title": "Three killed in Khargone road accident", "text": "INDORE: Three persons, including two women, were killed while 15 others were injured when a jeep collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction in Khargone district on Sunday evening.A person died on the spot while two women, who were admitted to MY Hospital, succumbed to their injuries here on Monday. The deceased were identified as Chhogalal, Narmada Bai and Paro Bai, police said. At least, 15 other people sustained injuries and are admitted to different hospitals.The jeep MP13 C4008 was going from Sanawad to Dhakalgaon when a truck RJ 18 GA 2744 hit the jeep head on. The truck was coming from Khandwa and was going towards Sanawad. The victims were returning home from Sunday market when the accident took place on the bridge at Pakud River.According to the police, the truck hit the jeep despite the driver's effort to avoid the accident. The truck driver, who escaped the spot, was probably drunk. The police have impounded the truck and have registered a case under the Section 304 A of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579687", "title": "Bihar Chamber of Commerce distributes food packets to fleeing NE people", "text": "PATNA: With a view to providing relief to the panic-stricken, northeast-bound railway passengers, the Bihar Chamber of Commerce (BCC) on Sunday again distributed 1,500 food packets among passengers coming from Mumbai by Lokmanya Tilak-Guwahati Express at Patna Junction.BCC president O P Sah said this was aimed to provide relief to the people of northeast who have been forced to leave for their respective state in haste because of rumours. He said the BCC's act was an expression of solidarity with the hapless passengers and fulfilment of a human duty.Sah said each food packet contained puris, sabzi, pickle and sweets. Pouches containing drinking water were also distributed among the passengers of the said train, he said and added that BCC tried to boost the morale of passengers by printing the slogan 'Hum Sab Ek Hain' on the cover of food packets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578755", "title": "Stirs, political backing keep police at bay", "text": "KOLKATA: Is the auto raj holding the city to ransom? With cops 'scared' to take action against the errant auto drivers, provided they go for strikes, it appears the citizens are left at the mercy of these rowdy gangs of drivers who make a mockery of the law probably at every crossing of the city.Passengers who fall victim to the high-handedness of auto drivers often allege of police inaction, but cops argue they have their own limitations in dealing with the errant drivers. In support of their claim they cite several instances where sergeants and senior police officers had been harassed by auto drivers. For example, in 2010, then additional CP I (in charge of traffic) K Harirajan was heckled by auto drivers near Sealdah station.Harirajan was out on the road with his team to crack down on unruly autos. In the middle of a random check on these rogue drivers, a large number of them had rushed in the area and charged at the traffic personnel. They blocked the road for almost two hours and even jeered at senior cops like Harirajan. The auto drivers relented only after the cops pleaded for release.\"Public in general accuses the cops of being lenient with auto drivers. But we are helpless. In case we take action against an offending driver, hundreds of them will rush to the spot and resort to road blockade, creating massive traffic problem. They have also harassed and heckled sergeants on various occasions,\" said a police officer.\"Another problem that we face while taking action against auto drivers is political interference. The unions flex their muscle and at times there have been interferences from influential political leaders,\" alleged another traffic sergeant.With the auto drivers started considering themselves beyond the law, cases of harassing the passengers have grown unabated in the city. In July, a woman in Bhawanipore was allegedly assaulted by an auto driver when an iron rod jutting out of the auto punctured a tyre of her car and she protested. She got off the car to take the driver to Ballygunge police station. However, she was abducted by the auto driver and taken to Kalabagan Bustee and terrorised.Apart from rash driving, jumping signal, carrying more passengers than permitted and playing loud music have become a routine phenomenon on city roads. A passenger who protested loud music was assaulted by the driver three months ago. Though the passenger took on the driver by lodging a complaint with the Phoolbagan police station, the accused is already out on bail and back on the road.\"We have kicked off sensitizing campaigns for auto drivers. Around 101 drivers and 16 unions took part in the drive at the Southeast Traffic Guard. We worked on issues like traffic safety, road congestion and overloading of passengers. This is a continuous effort and there will be similar campaigns at all traffic guards,\" said DC (Traffic I) Dilip Kumar Adak.The most notorious routes from where majority of complaints come are stretches like Sealdah to Belighata, Park Circus to New Market. Ultadanga to Sova Bazar. Though Kolkata Police claims that it has launched measures to curb violation by auto drivers, it is yet to be seen the effectiveness such measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577929", "title": "Many degree college teachers yet to get pay", "text": "MUMBAI: Several degree college teachers in the city have not received their salaries for the month, even as the festive season is around the corner. A state government official admitted there was a delay.Mohammed Tahir, a teacher with Akbar Peerbhoy College in Grant Road, said, \"When other government employees receive salaries in the first week of the month, why should it be delayed for teachers? We are used to getting salaries after the 10th of the month. But for two months, it has been further delayed. During the festive season, expenses rise for every family,\" he said. He said non-teaching staff suffer most and June's salary was given after July 15.Ravi Mishra from Bhavan's said, \"It is difficult for teachers to manage EMIs for loans. With expenses skyrocketing, it is difficult to have decent savings to take care of such delays. There have been many public holidays this month, so we are unsure about the reason for the delay.\"Few managements doled out advances. Manju Nichani, principal, K C College, and former secretary, Hyderabad Sind National Collegiate Board, said, \"The board pays every teacher, of 9-10 aided colleges under it, salaries on the first of the month. Once money from the government arrives, it is returned to the trust.\"Bombay College and University Teachers' Union secretary Madhu Paranjpe, who teaches at Dadar's Kirti College, said such colleges are few. \"Colleges with few staff members or ones run by 'rich' managements give salaries in advance. But it will be less than 2% of the colleges,\" she said. She added that usually salaries come late in March and April.Manjusha Molwane, joint director, higher education, said, \"There has been a minor delay as the pay and accounts office raised objections about some documents. The matter was resolved and teachers should have got their salaries by now.\" Molwane claimed that an electronic pay system will be shortly implemented to ensure salaries are directly sent to teachers' accounts.Most colleges TOI spoke to, said grant-in aid was not disbursed till Friday evening, after which there was a long weekend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578196", "title": "Opposition to ask PM to resign over Coalgate", "text": "NEW DELHI: The opposition is gearing to take on the government over adverse CAG reports - focusing on allocations of coal blocks that the federal auditor says benefitted private operators by Rs 1.86 lakh crore - when Parliament meets on Tuesday after the Eid break.BJP intends to target Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding his resignation since he was in charge of the coal ministry during the allocations questioned by the CAG. \"This is not a matter that can await examination by the PAC. The PM is culpable for the delay in introducing transparent auctions,\" BJP deputy leader in Rajya Sabha Ravi Shankar Prasad said.The opposition's aggression is likely to be countered by the government with Congress vehemently rejecting the Comptroller and Auditor General's findings as a bizarre accounting exercise. The clash is expected to result in adjournments and Parliament is not expected to transact business on Tuesday.BJP leader Arun Jaitley gave notice of the opposition's intent, saying the CAG report on coal will be taken up in a \"big way\" in Parliament with the party demanding the PM's resignation.The government is preparing to stonewall the opposition, not only disagreeing with CAG's conclusions but also arguing the reports must first be examined by Parliament's Public Accounts Committee. The government is correct on procedure, but the opposition is unlikely to let go of an opportunity to yell \"scam\".Government sources said there was no indication so far whether the PM would respond to the opposition's tactics by offering a statement, pointing out the matter would be addressed by the ministry concerned. Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal would be ready to make a statement on 'Coalgate' which the opposition can be counted on to reject.The CAG reports are likely to spur opposition unity as BJP, Left and regional parties converge in attempting to corner the government on the alleged scams in coal allocations. The CAG reports dealing with the GMR-run Delhi International Airport Limited and the use of surplus coal by Anil Ambani-controlled Reliance Power are also sharp indictments of the UPA government.The legislative agenda for the monsoon session does not comprise any major reform initiatives but there are several amendments that finance minister P Chidambaram is keen to push through and on which he has the broad support of the BJP. The CAG reports may end up disrupting much of the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15579361", "title": "Allopaths\u2019 bitter pill: Maharashtra has more homeopaths and ayurveds", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government's recent proposal seeking to allow non-allopathy doctors to practise modern medicine after a one-year course in pharmacology has stirred a hornet's nest. The proposal comes at a time when Maharashtra has the dubious distinction of having the highest number of ayurveda and homeopathy colleges in the country. For every doctor practising allopathy in the state, there are two practising ayurveda and homeopathy.Experts say the state's move is intended to attract more students towards private ayurveda and homeopathy colleges, most of which are running courses with empty classrooms and negligible jobs to offer. Else, the state may have very little to explain why the urgent need to boost modern medicine and produce more allopathy doctors was conveniently overlooked. These numbers could probably put things into perspective. There are roughly 90,000 registered practitioners of modern medicine in the state, but 80,000 ayurveda, 58,000 homeopathy and over 5,000 unani doctors. In short, every third doctor in the state has graduated in one of the alternative systems of medicine.Further, data compiled by the central government's department of ayurveda, unani, siddha, yoga &amp; naturopathy and homeopathy (AYUSH) in 2011 had underlined the fact that Maharashtra is home to 15.78% AYUSH doctors, highest in the country, even ahead of Uttar Pradesh. That has 14.09% non-allopathic practitioners. A senior AYUSH official told TOI, \"Maharashtra has always been ahead in the race to start more private colleges and the demand for colleges is ever-increasing. The demand quite obviously is from the private sector.\"Till date, Maharashtra has 63 ayurveda colleges, of which only four are government-run. The story is quite similar for homeopathy. Of 184 colleges across the country, the state had 43 colleges, which came up in quick succession in the past few years. Interestingly, all homeopathy colleges in the state are privately owned. Head of the Directorate of Medical Education, Dr Pravin Shingare, said the state has not felt the demand to start a homeopathy college.Intriguingly however, the private sector seems to have felt a pressing demand for the same. Between January and July, the Directorate of Ayurveda has already received proposals for four new homeopathy colleges and one ayurveda college, besides applications from 16 colleges to increase undergraduate and postgraduate seats.State secretary of Indian Medical Association Dr Jayesh Lele blamed the state for creating the imbalance and doing little to encourage allopathic practitioners. The 7,000-odd ayurveda and homeopathy seats on offer every year quite easily outnumber the existing pool of 4,000-odd MBBS seats. \"There are hardly any checks and balances to ensure that only good institutions come up. The norms laid down for starting an ayurveda or homeopathy college are not half as stringent as those demanded of allopathy colleges,\" he said.Shingare, too, accepted that the growth in the field of allopathy is largely restricted by financial factors. \"A minimum Rs 300 crore corpus is required to start a medical college for allopathy whereas one can start a homeopathy or ayurveda college with less than Rs 100 crore,\" he said. He said many students opt for alternative medicine thinking of it as a backdoor entry to practise allopathy. \"We are aware of it. But the fact that they reach out to 50% of Maharashtra can't be completely disregarded,\" he said. Shingare said the state was working towards starting three new medical colleges and adding 300 MBBS seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578774", "title": "Officials hand-in-glove with grain smugglers: Panel", "text": "KOLKATA: The high-powered inquiry committee, formed by food minister Jyotipriya Mullick after repeated seizures of food grains from different parts of the state and city, has unearthed a network between the food department officials, flour mill owners, distributors and dealers.In a span of two weeks, the food department and police have recovered food grains worth over Rs 5 crore before being smuggled out to Bangladesh from different parts of the state and city. Acting on a tip-off from the vigilance cell of the food department, the police seized 70 sacks of rice - meant for distribution among people living below the poverty line (BPL) through the public distribution system (PDS) - on Sunday. hours before it was to be smuggled out of the country. In a span of fortnight, the food department and police retrieved foodgrains worth over Rs 5 crore before being smuggled to Bangladesh from different parts of the state and the city. The food department sources said that this is only a tip of an iceberg.After getting the whiff of the scam, the food and civil supplies minister JyotipriyaMullick had formed the committee headed by the food commissioner S M Baba. \"The preliminary inquiry report, I have received, has unearthed an well entrenched network of food department officials, flour-mill owners, distributors and dealers who have snatched the food from poor people's mouth and smuggled them to our neighbouring countries at a premium.I will not spare anyone who is taking away food from the poor to smuggle it to the neighbouring countries at a premium rate. Many heads will roll,\" said the minister.Mullick said that the racket has been operative for years and must have smuggled huge quantity of food grains. The minister indicated that some senior officers of his department are hand-in-glove with the culprits, making it a routine affair in last few decades. have hands in these sumuggling acts, which have been pretty routine affairs in last few decades. Mullick said thisAccording to him, this food grain smuggling scam can be compared with the Uttar Pradesh rice scam, where grains worth Rs 35,000 crore, meant for welfare schemes like Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY), Jawahar Rozgar Yojana and Midday Meal for BPL card holders, were diverted to the open market between 2002 and 2010.In between 2002 and 2010, in Uttar Pradesh wherein foodgrains worth 35,000 crore (US$6.34 billion), meant to be distributed amongst the poor, through PDS and other welfare schemes like Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY), Jawahar Rozgar Yojana and Midday meal scheme for (BPL) card holders, was diverted to the open market.A part of these grains were traced to the Nepal and Bangladesh borders. In 2010, security forces seized food grains worth Rs 1.17 crore before being smuggled out to Nepal. Another consignment worth Rs 60.62 lakh was confiscated near the Indo-Bangladesh border.Food experts fear that over 2 million tonnes of rice are smuggled every year from India into Bangladesh. Soaring food prices across the globe has turned food grain smuggling into a prosperous industry. Going by the current price of rice (Rs 20,000 per tonne) across the globe, the smuggled rice is worth Rs 4,000 crore. A major part of the food grain being allocated to the northeast states, West Bengal , Bihar and eastern Uttar Pradesh, under the public distribution system (PDS), is finding way into neighbouring countries, including Bangladesh and Nepal.Washington-based International Food Policy Research Institute suggests that 2 million tonnes of food grains have been finding its way into Bangladesh every year since 2000. A porous Indo-Bangla border and Nepal being a food deficit country has made the smuggling all the more easier. The smuggling is easy because the Indo-Bangla border being porous, Nepal being a food-deficit country.The wheat smuggling racket that was laid bare by the city police enforcement branch involved the officials of the district food controlling office and flour-mill owners. \"This racket has been diverting the BPL and AAY wheat to Bangladesh since years,\" said Mullick.According to the investigators, the wheat was supposed to go to different flour-mills as BPL card holders received 750 grams of flour per head per week at Rs 5. From the flour-mills, the grains go to modified rationing (MR) distributors and from there to modified rationing (MR) dealers, before reaching the beneficiaries.All India Fair Shop Dealers' Association secretary Biswambhar Basu said: \"Most of the time, the flour supplied in packets, is not fit for human consumption. In 2006, the then Left Front government had suddenly decided to introduce flour instead of wheat to 1, 92, 76, 183 BPL card holders. Because of the poor quality of flour, the ration riot reared its ugly head.\"In fact, the state government has decided to replace flour with wheat in South 24-Parganas, where the biggest ever wheat smuggling racket was unearthed by police. Basu also admitted that food grains meant for distribution through PDS are smuggled either to Bangladesh or Nepal.Even pilferage is happening in the distributor-dealer channel. The food department probe also indicated massive theft at the dealer-distributor network. \"We are trying to plug the gaps. We are spending Rs 290 crore in digitizing the ration cards. We are also introducing e-governance at every level of procurement and supply of the food grains, so that any smuggling can be detected at the earliest,\" said the minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15579684", "title": "Sectarian clash in Patiala village after youths tease girls", "text": "PATIALA: Tension gripped Kahangarh Bhutna village after nine persons were injured in a clash between Ramgharia Sikhs and Jatt Sikhs over eve-teasing in front of a gurdwara on Sunday night. The police have sealed the entire area to avoid further flare-up.Members of both the communities hurled stones, bricks and even fired gun shots at each other in a fight that continued for over 40 minutes.The violence reportedly triggered when some Jatt Sikh youths teased girls belonging to Ramgharia community while they visited the shrine.\"On Sunday, when some of our girls went to pay obeisance at the gurdwara, Jatt Sikhs passed comments. When we protested against it, some of them attacked us,\" alleged members of Ramgarhia community.\"Both groups clashed for more than 40 minutes. The melee stopped when police reached the village. But it's an isolated case of animosity between a few families. We should not see it as a sectarian violence,\" said Gurmukh Singh, standing near the houses of Ramgarhia community.Daljeet Singh, his son Sukhwinder, Surinder, Harjit, Babbla and a few women suffered injuries. They were admitted in various hospitals. Daljeet is stated to be in a critical condition and was referred to Dayanand Medical College, Ludhiana, on Monday morning.\"We have deputed police force in the village and sealed it. The situation is now under control. Both groups clashed after some men objected to boys standing near the gurdwara of the village,\" said DSP Samana Sewa Singh Malhi.Families of both the groups reportedly called their relatives to the village for support but the cops restricted entry of outsiders in the village.When contacted, SHO Samana Sadar Pritpal Ghuman said investigations are on and no arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578701", "title": "GRP detains woman with sandalwood", "text": "CHENNAI: A 25-year-old woman, who was picked up at the Chennai Central railway station on Saturday night for possessing smuggled sandalwood, was allegedly detained there by the government railway police for the whole night.Police personnel also nabbed two of her accomplices. The smugglers allegedly brought 10kg of sandalwood logs in a leather bag, apart from some contraband, from Mumbai. However, the police personnel let off the woman and her two accomplices registering a minor case against them.The woman Prabha (name changed), a resident of Madurai, was caught by the government railway police. Police personnel examined their bags and found the sandalwood sticks chopped into pieces. They concealed the sandalwood sticks amidst the clothes and some plastic bags. Police were shocked to see the sandalwood concealed in the plastic bags.According to rules, if a woman is nabbed, she should be kept at the all women police station. But the government railway police kept Prabha in their custody till Sunday morning and they informed the forest officials about the apprehension of the trio on Sunday morning.A forest official went to the railway police office in Central Railway Station and levied fine against them for smuggling sandalwood sticks illegally. \"An individual can carry 5kg of sandalwood, but with proper bills. If any one has even a small quantity of sandalwood without bill is illegal and they can be booked under the Wildlife Protection Act,\" a forest official said.Police sources said the woman and her two accomplices were let off by the railway police personnel slapping minor case against them under Section 75 of the Madras City Police Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15584416", "title": "INTUC wants safety of NE people working in other states", "text": "Itanagar: The chairman of Arunachal Pradesh Building and Other Construction Workers' Welfare Board, Jalley Sonam urged trade union leaders of various states to take safety measures for the people of the northeast residing in other states like Karnataka and Maharashtra.Sonam, who is also the convenor of Indian National Trade Union Congress (INTUC) for the northeastern states and working president of Arunachal Pradesh, wrote separate letters to various INTUC leaders of states including Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu and INTUC national president G Sanjeeva Reddy to ensure safety and security of the northeastern people working in their respective states.Expressing grave concern over the reported fleeing of northeastern people from various states, which was triggered by rumours through social networking sites and text messages via mobile phones, Sonam said the feeling of insecurity being brought about by the people of our country is a fatal threat to national integration.He also made fervent appeal to other northeast trade union leaders to put persistent pressure on trade union leaders of the concerned states to provide security to NE people, including students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579063", "title": "Monument was marvel for 19th century travellers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: At least three travellers' accounts in the nineteenth century described the grandeur of the Moti Shahi palace and its interiors. These travellers remained anonymous, for reasons not known till date, but their description of the palace figures in a book, 'Rustam Khan' by Thomas Ottley, published in 1830. Ottley found much of what was described by the travelers, was intact.One of the most admired portions of the palace, was the centre room. It drew praise for its immense size and neatly done carved stucco work on its ceiling. The ceiling bore a painted imitation of a Persian rug which was decorated with precious stones.The building is in the shape of a square. Its central hall was the audience room, on the four sides of which were octagonal rooms. The upper rooms were ornamented with balconies, and had four main entrances between them. \"There is also a first floor, to which led the stone staircases, covered by stone roofing, held up by four arches, which open into the terrace,\" said the anonymous travelogue. The best part of the palace, according to these travelogues, was to look at the palace from the opposite bank of the Sabarmati. The chronicles pointed out that the palace looked large, which according to them, was an \"illusion\" and would \"cheat the spectator\".The travelogues also mention the presence of a stone bridge built over a canal system that supplied water to the garden. The stone bridge is also present in James Forbes's 'Oriental Memoirs', written in the middle of the eighteenth century.Apart from the palace building, Ottley mentioned in detail the rich gardens of the palace and the number of trees lining the garden avenues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15578393", "title": "Sleaze row: Villagers deny NGO's claim", "text": "MADURAI: District superintendent of police, V Balakrishnan on Monday visited Sathyamurthy Nagar in Samayanallur and held a spot inquiry, which was in the news recently, after a Madurai-based NGO alleged that some of the youth in the village took nude films of their women and circulated them in the locality.The NGO, Evidence, had recently come out with revelations through their fact-finding team that a few youth in the area were involved in filming the women in the village and were circulating them. The team also stated that the elders of the village ostracised three men involved in the act. However, the villagers, especially those belonging to the Kattunaicker community who are the majority in the village, claimed that the allegations were false and submitted a petition to the district police seeking action against the people involved in spreading such rumours. The SP's visit was a follow-up to the petition and he held the spot inquiry among the villagers.During the spot inquiry, the villagers urged the district police to prevent any rumours beings spread against their community women and take stringent measures against those miscreants involved in spreading the same. They also sought action to be taken against the persons involved in eve-teasing in the area in which previous complaints were filed. The community people also sought identity cards from the police department as their work involved going to various places. They further requested the police to guide their youth in education and to come up in life and especially on guidance for their youth to enrol for uniformed services.Assuring them that necessary action will be taken on their complaint and to fulfil their demands submitted in the spot enquiry, Balakrishnan told them to contact him through phone or in person with regard to any emergency situations. \"We will take immediate action against such issues brought to the police,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "15582816", "title": "One killed, seven injured in Pakistan blast", "text": "ISLAMABAD: One person was killed and seven others injured when a security forces convoy was targeted with a roadside bomb in Quetta city of southwest Pakistan today, officials said.The blast occurred as a convoy of the paramilitary Frontier Corps was passing through Saryab Road, a key thoroughfare in Quetta, the capital of the restive Balochistan province.The security personnel escaped unharmed though the blast hit a taxi and two auto-rickshaws.A man in the taxi was killed. Some children were among the injured, security officials told the media.Footage on television showed debris scattered on the road. The taxi and the auto-rickshaws lay by the side of the road.Security forces cordoned off the area and launched a search operation.No group claimed responsibility for the incident though such attacks are usually blamed on Baloch nationalist groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578794", "title": "G for garbage, that is what corporation teaches this school", "text": "CHENNAI: The residents of Vellalar Street in Ayanavaram have a problem. A vacant plot of corporation land, between a corporation school and a private hospital, on the street has become a dumping ground for garbage from neighbouring streets, they allege. On the other hand, they add, the garbage from houses on their street is rarely collected.Residents said that the ever-increasing mounds of garbage collected from various localities were causing severe inconveniences to students and patients. The students of the Chennai Middle School said flies and mosquitoes from the rotting garbage had made life hell. \"We can't even eat our lunch. There is always a foul smell from the rotting piles,\" said a class three student. A small piece of cloth was needed around one's nose while entering to the school, he added.A few others said stray animals, including cows, were a common sight near the school gate. \"The heaps of uncleared garbage are attracting the animals which pose problems to teachers and students. The garbage has also become a breeding ground for insects,\" said Raghav Kumar, an auto-rickshaw driver.Meanwhile, the garbage keeps piling up on the street. V Vasu, the local councilor, recently erected nearly 40 boards in different areas and also distributed pamphlets about the importance of door-to-door garbage collection. \"The campaign was successful initially but unfortunately conservancy workers were not regular,\" he said.Residents said that the garbage remained uncleared for weeks together. \"It's unfortunate that civic body is using this vacant plot for dumping garbage. Many patients at the hospital next door are also affected because of the rising number of mosquitoes. The situation has worsened, as the civic body failed to clear garbage for the last few weeks,\" said a relative of a patient in the hospital.Dogs searching for food at the dump are posing a big threat to students. \"The group garbage bins are not serving their purpose,\" said one resident. When contacted, a corporation official said dumping of garbage on the street would be stopped. \"We also plan to conduct checks to ensure garbage doesn't overflow from bins,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576591", "title": "Aggression is Brendon McCullum's mantra", "text": "HYDERABAD: The New Zealand batting seems to be the weak link in their armour. Despite having the likes of Ross Taylor , Brendon McCullum , Martin Guptill in their ranks, the Kiwis have not been able to pile up the runs and put the opposition under pressure.But, McCullum feels that it is only a phase and Kiwis are eager to bounce back. Excerpts:On returning to Hyderabad: It is great that we are starting the tour at Hyderabad. I have fond memories of this place as I was able to get my big knock here. I am looking forward to bat again on this wicket. I am sure we will do better than what we did last time.Daniel Vettori's injury: Vettori's injury is a big blow for the team. He has been our most inspirational and successful captain and it will not be easy without him especially on the subcontinent where his skills will make a huge difference. But having said that, it is going to open up an opportunity for Jeetan Patel and Tarun Nethula.Importance of aggression for a batsman: There has to be a healthy balance between aggressive batsmen and those who have the ability to stay at the wicket and play a long innings. I do agree that sometimes aggression doesn't pay off especially in Test cricket but still believe in playing the game positively and looking for runs at all times.His success mantra: I believe in keeping the scoreboard moving. I enjoy batting aggressively and put the bowlers under pressure. Once the opposition is under pressure things become easy for the batting side.The importance of IPL: IPL definitely has played a part in making the batsmen more aggressive. It is a great format with nine exciting teams taking part in it. I am glad that I am part of the IPL and also a winning team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578414", "title": "No respite for drivers on pothole-ridden toll road", "text": "NASHIK: The Ghoti-Padhga toll-way stretch on the Mumbai-Agra national highway has been ridden with potholes, for nearly the past one month, making it difficult for motorists to drive through the affected sections.Two major sections of the road, on either side between Padgha and Ghoti, have been damaged to large extent and because of lack of maintenance.\"Stretches of road at Igatpuri, Shahpur, Vashind and Padgha and in the similar areas in the opposite have been damaged. A complaint was filed with the toll-plaza at Padgha, but employees there simply refused to help and asked us to register the same with National Highways Authority of India (NHAI),\" a motorist Vivek Kolgaonkar, said.The residents of Igatpuri and those frequently travelling to Igatpuri or Mumbai have started questioning the reason for payment of toll fees of Rs 90 since maintenance was not being given due importance. \"The company is responsible for taking care of the road till the period of the contract,\" pointed out Ranjit Salve, a businessman and a resident of Igatpuri.Repeated attempts to contact the officials for their say, proved to be in vain. However, one of the employees of the company on the condition of anonymity said that unfortunately the maintenance lacked attention despite the company's sole responsibility carry out maintenance of the road.\"Yes, the road is bad and the issue has been sent to the head office. Meanwhile we attempted to clear some pot holes but even that has proved to be a nuisance for the motorists,\"an employee said. He further pointed out that the maintenance was looked upon as a part of expenses rather than looking towards it as re-investment for earnings and hence the proposal had not received a response till date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15581591", "title": "HC seeks CBSE response on engineering student aspirant's plea", "text": "NEW DELHI: A student, who was unable to get through the All India Engineering Entrance Exams (AIEEE) 2012, has moved the Delhi High Court challenging the CBSC merit list alleging four questions were wrongly framed due to which he scored less mark.Seeking an order to the Central Board of Secondary Education(CBSE), which had conducted the entrance exams, to prepare a fresh merit list, one city-based Pranshu Gupta filed the petition through his counsel Ashok Aggarwal alleging four questions were \"wrongly framed\" in the AIEEE 2012 as a result he got 20 marks less and also got low rank.Issuing notices to CBSE and also to three engineering colleges, which Gupta had preferred in the form to do his B Tech course, Justice G S Sistani recently sought their response by September 12 on Gupta petition.In his plea, Gupta contended saying \"the present petition is against the impugned action of CBSE in framing wrong questions being Question Nos 21, 27, 32 and 47 in the question paper for AIEEE-2012 held on May 19 and in assessing the marks of petitioner(Gupta) on the basis of the answer key which provides wrong answers to the said questions resulting in lowering the rank of the petitioner.\"He also sought the court to quash the entire merit list as prepared by CBSE and direct the board to prepare a fresh merit list after deleting those questions.Gupta claimed he had chosen the correct options for all the four questions in view of the text book on the subject but the answer key had provided wrong answers and his marks were assessed as per the answer key.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579661", "title": "5K govt doctors to put in papers", "text": "PATNA: Five thousand government doctors would put in their papers under the Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) by November 5 if the state government does not concede their long-pending demands, including protection to doctors and regularization of services of contractual doctors.Bihar Health Services Association (BHSA) secretary cum spokesperson Dr Ranjit Kumar on Sunday said that a decision to this effect was taken at a meeting of the association held here under the chairmanship of Dr Akhilesh Kumar Singh and Dr Dineshwar Singh.The doctors would stop all medical work from January 15, 2013, if the government did not concede their demands. Dr Kumar said that till the doctors on contract were regularized, they should get all the facilities enjoyed by regular doctors.He said the state government should stop humiliating doctors and immediately withdraw all such orders. The administration should not meddle in the working of medical professionals, he said.Dr Kumar said the Medical Professional and Establishment Protection Act and the directives of Supreme Court for the safety of doctors should be strictly implemented by the state government. For maintaining safety and security at hospitals, a special police battalion should be constituted, he added.The BHSA members also urged the state government to provide a government job and Rs 10 lakh as ex gratia to the wife of a deceased contractual doctor, Kaushal Kumar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579564", "title": "Heritage steam locomotive to be unveiled today", "text": "NAGPUR: After a delay of about five months, the heritage steam locomotive is finally in place in front of the Nagpur railway station. The installation will be formally inaugurated on Tuesday by Subodh Jain, general manager, Central Railway (CR).\"This is a legacy of our past, which we would like the younger generation to appreciate. This is why we have decided to keep it on display in the open,\" said AK Singh, PRO, CR headquarters, Mumbai.The steam loco has been renovated in-house at the Ajni Depot at a cost of Rs1.25 lakh. It was renovated using parts salvaged from other old steam locomotives of the railways. The engine will be placed on a raised platform opposite the main entrance of the station.A special paint has been used to protect the loco from rusting and erosion due to constant exposure to rain and sun as it will be kept out in the open.The steam loco was made in 1954 by Nasmyth Wilson &amp; Co Ltd, England, and commissioned into service in May 1955 on the Pulgaon-Arvi section of Nagpur division.The Ajni coaching complex is also going to be inaugurated by the GM on Tuesday as construction work of the new pit line to maintain trains has been completed. The inauguration is scheduled to take place at 9.15am while the inauguration of the steam loco is at 7.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579660", "title": "Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth to launch mobile testing vans for farmers", "text": "NAGPUR: Akola-based Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) has procured 13 mobile soil and water testing vans to serve farmers in all eleven districts in Vidarbha. Obtained with financial support from the Maharashtra government at a cost of Rs35 lakh each, each van is actually a miniature university in many ways.Except for holding classes for students and research work, the van has facilities to take all kinds of agriculture-related information including package of practices for all regional crops, insect and pest management, weather information bulletins etc. It also has a two-way interaction system for farmers for answering their queries along with all equipment required for assessing the soil quality (micro and macronutrients in soil) and various pollutants in water.The idea of having such mobile laboratory-cum-extension units is a replication of such mobile units run by the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR). PDKV earlier had one such van given by ICAR. Realizing its immense utility, the university has procured 13 vans to be managed by all seven Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) under the university, some NGOs and one by ICAR.\"The mobile units are much more than testing laboratories as they will be educating the farmers on regular basis on all agriculture related issues moving and will be like moving extension units of the university. They will also be available on demand basis. Above all, they will hand over the soil and water quality report to a farmer in just 25 minutes on the spot,\" said PDKV vice chancellor Raviprakash Dani, speaking to TOI during his maiden visit to the city after taking over as the VC.Dani said that at present, one vehicle has been sent to Chennai for customized designing inside the vehicle. \"It is expected to come back in a week and will become functional after installation of equipment and panels within another week,\" he added.The air-conditioned vans will house equipment like microscopes, spectrophotometers, pH meters, soil analysers, GPS equipment etc. \"During every season, there is some or other pest attack. Farmers sometimes cannot differentiate between pests. They may confuse the semi-looper with the army worm. Through the van, we can show the pest under the microscope to farmers and then advise them about required medicines,\" said V Mahorkar, extension director of PDKV.Farmers are also unaware of the methodology of removing the soil sample (the quantity as well as depth is important). The staff in the van will also educate and demonstrate the sample collection technique to farmers.Depending on the requirement of farmers, university has allotted more than one van to some districts. Gondia will have four vehicles while Gadchiroli, Bhandara/Sakoli, Chandrapur/Sindewahi, Yavatmal. Only Buldhana will have one van. Additionally, the KVK for Nagpur located at Central Institute for Cotton Research will also have one van.Facilities in the mobile van* Soil and water quality testing within 25-30 minutes.* Display panels with information on various packages of practices for each regional crop.* Weather related bulletins.* Live and recorded information on insect and pest managements and season related spray schedule.* Answers to problem driven questions.* Public addressing system to speak to farmers rallies and gatherings with facilities of light for night programmes too.* A television on the backside of the van which will continuously either relay agriculture related live or recorded programmes.* An all in one polyclinic for all agriculture related problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579040", "title": "Teen singing diva knows life\u2019s precious", "text": "Sixteen-year-old Seraphine Moipei's confident smile says it all as she gets set to rock Bangalore . The Kenyan teenager knows what her smile is worth. She has successfully fought cancer to earn her life and on Wednesday , she is performing at the Holy Ghost Church near Fraser Town .The performance could be a thanksgiving of sorts because it is in Bangalore that Seraphine battled the disease .Seraphine , a native of Nairobi , was diagnosed with grade II-III cancerous brain tumor two years ago . Then 14, she was a singer in the making . After timely treatment , Seraphine is now one of the most successful singers in Kenya .\"I was just 14 when I first developed health complications , leading to loss of memory . I couldn't even walk straight sometimes . I used to apply shampoo on my hair and come out of the bathroom without washing it. I would be lost most of the time ,\" she recalled .\"I was diagnosed with brain tumor on my pineal gland by a local doctor . They started treatment in Nairobi , but then one of my friends suggested that I visit the HCG cancer center in Bangalore . My friend's father , too, was treated and cured of cancer at the centre ,\" Seraphine said .The girl was put on a combination of IGRT (Image guided radiation therapy ) and cyberknife treatment . \"For six weeks she was treated here . Her tumor was completely removed . But we still have to do a check-up at least once a year . Brain tumor can resurface in two years . If she crosses this period , then chances of the tumor resurfacing are minimal ,\" said Dr Sridhar PS , consultant , radiation oncology , HCG. \"She will have to come for annual follow-ups for the next five years ,\" he added .\"Seraphine's illness came as a big setback for our family . But we encouraged her to fight back . We all used to talk positive things around her . We altered our diet to suit her requirements . We were living each day as it comes and appreciate the gain of that day ,\" said Seraphine's mother Christine , who is accompanying her daughter on her Bangalore tour .Who is she?Seraphine Moipei, 16, is part of the Moipei quartet, a classical music group. Her triplet elder sisters make up the remaining three. A gifted child, Seraphine's singing has attracted many fans in her own country and across the world. The group was even made an ambassador for child rights by Unicef in 2010. She has also won popular singing awards in Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15581737", "title": "SC notice to AP govt, pvt medical colleges on admission row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has asked the Andhra Pradesh government and the NTR Health University to respond to a plea, which has alleged that several meritorious candidates have been denied admissions on the management quota seats in various private colleges of the state.Issuing notices last Friday, also to the private colleges, on petitions filed by a group of students, a bench of justices HL Dattu and CK Prasad said admissions made till date for academic year 2012 will be subject to the final outcome of the students' pleas, pending before it.Counsel Allanki Ramesh also filed a caveat on behalf of 16 private medical colleges pleading that they be heard before any order is passed by the court in the matter.\"Any admissions made by the respondent institutions in MBBS/BDS or any other course is subject to the result of the present special leave petitions.\"Respondent colleges shall intimate the pendency of the present SLPs as well as the interim orders passed by us to all the students who have taken admission in the 'C' category (management quota).\"We also make it clear that pendency of the special leave petitions here will not come in the way of the high court taking a decision on the merits of the writ petition,\" the bench said in its order.The Andhra Pradesh private medical colleges have three category of seats - \"A\", \"B\" and \"C\". \"A\" and \"B\" category seats are filled by the colleges on the basis of a common entrance test conducted by the state's NTR University, for which the fee is comparatively low.Category \"C\" seats are filled by the management by way of newspaper notifications inviting students who have secured a minimum of 60 per cent marks in the qualifying plus 2 examination, as held by the apex court in the P A Inamdar case but with a higher fee structure of approximately around Rs 5.5 lakh per annum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579194", "title": "PM directly liable for Coalgate: Arun Jaitley", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Leader of Opposition in Rajya Sabha, Arun Jaitley blamed Prime Minster Manmohan Singh for the recent Coalgate and held him directly responsible. \"The coal block allocation scam is extremely serious and the quantum is very large, larger even than the 2G-spectrum scam allocation,\" he said. \"In 2G, the Prime Minister as the head of the government was morally and vicariously liable. In this case, for five out of eight years he himself was the coal minister, so he is directly liable,\" said Jaitley.Jaitley objected strongly to Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma's controversial remark that farmers were benefiting from rising inflation. He said there has been a steep increase in input costs, making life tough for farmers. As for Assam, he said that BJP stands by the Union Government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579519", "title": "Delay in coal transport affecting Mouda power production", "text": "NAGPUR: The commissioning of the first 500MW unit of NTPC's Mouda power plant has been delayed by more than two months as the company is having problems securing a railway linkage. Mouda plant will procure coal from Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (MCL), whose mines are located in Jharsuguda and Angul districts of Odisha.An NTPC official said that coal will be brought to Mouda from Odisha via the busy Howrah-Mumbai railway line. \"The railway line has lot of traffic and, hence, South Eastern Railway (SER), South Eastern Central Railway (SECR) and East Coast Railway (ECR) are trying to schedule coal traffic for Mouda plant on this route. We are in constant touch with the three sections of the railways and also the Railway Ministry to get linkage opened at the earliest.\"The official said that NTPC was hopeful that the problem would be solved by mid-September and the unit will start generation in late September or early October.The unit had been synchronized with the grid on April 8 and it had generated power on full load on April 20. However, in May NTPC stopped generation to resolve the problems which it encountered during the trial period. Union ministry of power (MoP) has become very strict about announcement of commercial operations date (COD). Many power entities in order to reduce delay in commissioning had on earlier occasions declared that they had achieved COD. However, within a few days they stopped production and took the unit offline for repair. NTPC had decided to commission Mouda unit in July. However, problems in coal transport will further delay it.As per NTPC norms the state will get 30% power produced by the unit, which comes to 150MW. Rest of the power will go to Gujarat , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and Goa. Even though 150MW will not significantly contribute to the state's power availability, it is important because of its relatively low cost.Power transmission from the unit should start from October as the farmers will start using agricultural pumps after rains stop. This year due to insufficient rainfall the usage of agricultural pumps may be higher.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "15577656", "title": "Transport sub-inspector held for taking bribe", "text": "JODHPUR: The anti-corruption bureau on Monday arrested a transport sub-inspector red-handed for taking a bribe of Rs 33,000 in Sriganganagar district.The official took the bribe to ensure hassle-free movement of the trucks belonging to the complainant and his relatives between Sujangarh and Sriganganagar.According to DIG (ACB) S K Narjari, one Bheemsen Siyag complained to the ACB that the official demanded bribe to ensure plying of his trucks on the route. While Siyag has nine trucks, five more trucks belonging to his relatives also ply on the stretch, the officer said. The trucks transport building material.Transport sub-inspector Sant Kumar Srivastava demanded a monthly payment of Rs 2,000 per truck. Furthermore, he demanded Rs 3,000 per month against the five trucks of his relatives.\"On verification, when we found that Srivastava demanded Rs 33,000 from Siyag, we laid a trap and asked Siyag to contact the official and fix a meeting to pay the money,\" Narjari said.Srivastava called Siyag with the money to a railway crossing on Hindumal Kot road in Sriganganar. \"The moment he received the money from Siyag, the ACB team arrested him and seized the amount,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579853", "title": "Pune Nationalist Congress Party yet to get new chief", "text": "PUNE: The state unit of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) failed to reach a consensus in naming the city unit president, even as Suresh Ghule, who was recently re-elected as district unit president, announced the executive body on Monday.NCP leaders are looking for a candidate to replace sitting city unit chief Vandana Chavan, who was elected to the Rajya Sabha in March this year. Chavan has communicated to the party leadership that she would like to focus on her new role as MP and the post of the city unit chief be given to someone else.On Monday, Ghule announced a large executive body, with 13 vice-presidents and 12 general secretaries. However, even after repeated deliberations within the party, the state leadership failed to decide on the city unit chief.The NCP state unit has already announced the list of presidents and vice-presidents of assembly constituencies, the executive body of the city unit, city secretaries and women representatives.The ruling NCP improved its performance by winning 51 seats in the February civic polls as against 48 in the previous elections. However, the losses of major candidates, such as outgoing mayor Mohansingh Rajpal, former standing committee chairman Nilesh Nikam, former mayors Rajani Tribhuvan and Rajlaxmi Bhosale and senior leader Shrikant Patil, were perceived as major jolts to deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who had played a big role in deciding candidates.Ahead of the 2014 assembly and Lok Sabha elections, the NCP wants to avoid any rift in the party ranks over the post of the city unit chief. A party leader said that the name of the new city unit chief would be announced only after getting party president Sharad Pawar's consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579036", "title": "Boating makes waves on Sabarmati", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Boat rides on the Sabarmati riverfront are emerging as a major attraction for Amdavadis. Amid police bandobast, many youngsters took speedboat rides during a cloudy Monday afternoon. On Sunday, the Sabarmati Riverfront Development Corporation Limited (SRFDCL) recorded a footfall of 2,285 visitors. Nearly 1,626 visitors opted for the normal boat ride while some adventure freaks - 659 of them - hopped on to speed boats. The riverfront was formally opened on August 16 with 668 visitors dropping by. The number increased to 1,346 by August 18.The SRFDCL is now considering the deployment of extra boats to accommodate more visitors. In the coming three months a zip-line across the river and an Amphibus will be introduced on the riverfront to ferry visitors across the stretch of a river and even across the banks. There are proposals to launch a floating restaurant and adventure activities along the riverfront. \"The proposal for a moving tower is yet to be initiated,\" says a senior official of the AMC. \"The location for the iconic tower was finalized a few months back.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582708", "title": "Shriya and Prem get into Kalari fight", "text": "A 'Kalari fight' was picturised for Roopa Iyer directed 'Chandra' featuring actress Shriya and Prem and many Kalari fighters who were selected to be part of the film shooting.The shooting took place in Bhoga Nandeeshwara Temple at Nandi and the fight sequences were shot continuously for two days. Ravi Varma choreographed the fight sequence. PKH Doss is the cinemetographer of the film.N.Prasad the producer of the film says that major portions of the film has been shot. One more song will be picturised in a special set to be erected in the Narasimha Studio owned by Prasad. Then the unit will be moving to USA for shooting of a few sequences and songs of the film. Gautham is the music director of the film.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15583002", "title": "Centre\u2019s nod sought for Kochi-Palakkad NIMZ", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The state government has sought Centre's approval for the Kochi-Palakkad national investment and manufacturing zone (NIMZ), a Rs 53,825-crore industrial infrastructure project expected to drive the manufacturing sector in Kerala.Adetailed project report for NIMZ, prepared by the Kerala state industrial development corporation (KSIDC), was sent to the central government for approval recently.\"The Centre has sought more details in the prescribed format for giving project clearance. This has been prepared and is being submitted to the Centre,\" said minister for industries and IT, P K Kunhalikutty. A showpiece project of the Emerging Kerala Global Connect event, NIMZ is likely to be executed under the PPP model with a vision to generate five lakh direct employments over a period of five years, and an indirect employment of 25 lakh in 10 years, the minister added. A special purpose vehicle (SPV), with participation from the Centre and state, will be formed to implement the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15581426", "title": "'Govt should give nod to people willing to start institutes'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Observing that education should be ensured for every citizen, Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil on Monday said permission should be granted to individuals willing to start educational institutions.Addressing a gathering after distributing 'Rajiv Gandhi Excellence Award' here, Patil said modern and latest technology should be used to ensure that every citizen gets his fundamental right to education.\"Anyone willing to start an educational institution should be allowed to do so and modern technology such as satellites and transponders should be used for this purpose. The only condition should be to reserve 30 per cent seats for the poor people,\" he said.Recalling that the concept of distance learning was introduced by late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi, Patil said, \"Rajiv used to say that education should start with the birth of a child and should end only with the death of a person.\"Patil also told the gathering how Rajiv implemented the decision for lowering the age limit for voting from 21 to 18 years even though it was opposed by several senior politicians at that time.\"I am one of those people who had the privilege of working with Rajiv Gandhi. One of his biggest contributions to the nation was to lower age limit to cast vote and he did even though there was a stiff opposition against it,\" he said.Patil distributed the awards to people from several fields of excellence. Former vice-chief of Indian Army Lt Gen A S Lamba and fashion designer Sanjana Jon were among some of the awardees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584337", "title": "Medical reps union strike on Thursday", "text": "GUWAHATI: Along with the rest of the country, the Assam state unit of the Centre of Medical and Sales Representatives' Union (CRU) will observe a one-day strike on Thursday demanding fulfillment of their various demands.Addressing the media here on Monday, CRU general secretary Bijan Das said the medical and sales representatives, basically sales promotion employees, will go on a day long strike on Thursday to stop branding medical representatives as agents of corruption and ensure right to work of medical representatives in all hospitals as per applicable laws.\"Our protest is to end corporate corruption of drug industries in marketing and trading and to reduce drug price which is affecting the common people,\" said Das.He blamed the government's policy for 'high price' of medicines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15583069", "title": "Man set afire after scuffle", "text": "RAJKOT: In a gruesome incident, a 33-year-old man was set afire by two persons in Gandhidham on Sunday night after a scuffle over money turned ugly.The victim has been identified as Haresh Thakore, a native of Banaskantha living in the port town.The duo first thrashed Thakore and then set him ablaze by dousing kerosene on him. Thakore had a fight with the accused Anil Chaudhari and an unidentified person.Even as the duo escaped, Thakore jumped into the water to save himself. He was rushed to a local hospital in Gandhidham and then referred to civil hospital in Bhuj where his condition is stated as serious.Thakore's wife Rupa has filed a complaint against Chaudhari and his accomplice. Both are natives of Dhanera town in Banaskantha. Police believe that the duo has fled to their native town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578805", "title": "Karnataka government has redeemed itself", "text": "The Karnataka government was initially slow to react to the exodus and even bungled to some extent. But it has redeemed itself through several proactive gestures and confidence building measures to reassure people from the northeast that the administration is geared up to ensure their safety. That a deputy chief minister went on night patrol with security personnel is an indication of the government's commitment to restore confidence. The requisition of central paramilitary forces and their flag marches too showed that the government meant business in cracking down on rumour mongers and trouble-makers.Related story  :  Waiting for this to pass", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582498", "title": "Renaming Aashirwad would hurt Rajesh Khanna's soul: Anita Advani", "text": "The late Rajesh Khanna's 'lady love' Anita Advani, who reportedly had a long-standing live-in relationship with the megastar at his Bandra bungalow Aashirwad, is extremely upset, hearing the buzz about the late megastar's bungalow being renamed Vardaan.\"If the rumours are true, it would hurt Kakaji's (Rajesh Khanna's) soul,\" quipped Anita Advani, adding that \" Aashirwad is synonymous with Rajesh Khanna\".She particularly found the name-change talks upsetting, as she said, the name Aashirwad was given to the bungalow by Rajesh Khanna's father.\"Kakaji used to fondly remember and tell me how the bungalow was named Aashirwad. When they were looking for a new name for the bungalow, his father had thought for a long time and then suggested the name Aashirwad . Kakaji has mentioned that his father said, 'You'll be a star and people will write letters and fan mail to you. Whenever they write your name on the letters, they will write the words - Rajesh Khanna Aashirwad. So in a way, they would always be giving you their Aashirwad (blessings).' That was the lovely thought behind the name,\" reminisced Anita Advani.Remembering her years with the megastar, Advani remarked, \" Kakaji used to say that this ( Aashirwad ) was the 'most favourite' name given by his father. The bungalow was also his most prized possession, which he wished to convert into a museum and his last wish should be fulfilled. In fact, together, over the years, we both designed its interiors with a long-term plan to convert it into a museum.\"Advani further added that she was \"perturbed by the sudden name-change talks. What sense does it make? If it's true, it's a weird move and doesn't sound nice.\"Reacting to claims about her asking for a stake in Aashirwad, Advani's spokesperson Dale Bhagwagar stated, \"It's false that Ms Advani has claimed a stake in the bungalow. But she has maintained that Mr Rajesh Khanna wished to turn it into a museum for his loving fans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15583131", "title": "Geriatric park at Bajaj Nagar garden", "text": "NAGPUR: City-based NGO - Samadhan Foundation - in association with the Nagpur Municipal Corporation is developing a special park 'Sandhya Chhaya' for old people at Bajaj Nagar garden.Member of Samadhan Foundation and physiotherapist Dr Neeta Bhave told TOI that the concept of this park is to provide elderly people social and health related services in a safe supportive and cheerful natural environment.\"\"Corporator Sandeep Joshi and well wishers Sandeep Baraskar and Swanand Soni had helped Samadhan Foundation to acquire the space of Bajaj Nagar garden for this project from the NMC for three years,\"\" she said.This park will be different from other existing ones across the city. Currently, the city gardens and parks usually have basic facilities like play ground, children play equipment, lawns and beautiful landscapes. \"\"But some senior citizens with their physical aliment avoid going to such places,\"\" said Bhave.In fact, their physical aliment may restrict them from walking on uneven ground or climb steps leading up to the garden. Or, they may have fear of falling or losing balance with small children running around the park. Due to such problems elderly people keep themselves confined to their homes, become lonely and may go into depression.Taking into consideration these problems, the park will provide safe and supportive walkway, benches in between walk-a-way if an individual wishes to rest. Equipment for preventive exercise for some physical element which normally occur in old age will be installed which will give maximum benefit to improve flexibility and strength of an individual.\"People can come in a group and enjoy the exercises in a soothing and peaceful atmosphere unlike in a sheltered atmosphere as usually done,\" said Dr Bhave. \"\"The construction of the park is on and it will be opened for public by end of September.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15584693", "title": "4th South Asian Essay Writing Competition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law Punjab, Patiala in association with \"International Committee of Red Cross (ICRC)\" organized the prize distribution function for the 4th South Asian Essay Writing Competition (ENSAYO 2012) at University campus Patiala. Justice SK Jain, former Judge of Punjab and Haryana High Court was the chief guest and Surinder Oberoi, Political Advisor to the ICRC Regional Delegation of South Asia was Guest of honour. Professor Paramjit S. Jaswal, Vice-chancellor while welcoming the guests highlighted the role of university in organizing this prestigious competition. He appreciated the theme of the competition \"Explosive Remnants of War\".He informed the august gathering that more than 100 entries were received for the competition, out of which 22 were from outside India including Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan and Myanmar .Oberoi highlighted the role of ICRC in the region. While tracing down the history of ICRC he emphasized its role during Indo-China war of 1962. Saroj Rajan, Legal Advisor for Academic Circle, ICRC Regional Delegation for South Asia traced the history of ICRC and highlighted its important Milestones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15582606", "title": "'I follow' campaign gets musical touch", "text": "SURAT: The city police commissioner launched the music for the ongoing traffic awareness campaign 'i follow' here on Monday.The song is written by psychiatrist and poet Mukul Choksi and has been composed by Mehul Surti. \"I kept the Surti mood in mind while writing the song. I started to follow the rules strictly since I became part of the campaign as it helps save life,\" Choksi said.Police commissioner, Rakesh Asthana, said, \"The campaign has got good support from people. The music of the campaign is being launched today. Awareness about traffic rules and discipline by commuters will help police improve the traffic scenario in the city. Police manage around 22 lakh vehicles in Surat with just 550 personnel. The campaign's motto is to reduce the number of fatal accidents.\"The song will be played on city radio channels and public places. Wristbands have been distributed and a drawing competition organized for students in the city as part of the campaign so far.\"We had used Gujarati and Hindi and various forms of music to reach maximum number of people through the song,\" said Mehul Surti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576886", "title": "Security tightened at Siddiqui Nagar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Security on Monday was beefed up at Siddiqui Nagar and Anjaiah Nagar (near Hi-Tec City) that have witnessed large-scale exodus of northeast migrant workers over the last one week.Though police personnel were stationed in the area for over a week to stop mass migrations and quell fears, this had little impact as 90% of the northeast community members had left the city.About 100 policemen were on guard throughout Monday in the area which had about eight police pickets and regular patrolling in place already. Security was tightened near the two mosques in the area and at other places of worship even as the day passed off without any untoward incident. Police officials said security measures in the area will continue for a few more days.Inspector of Madhapur K Srinath Reddy said, \"The areas were peaceful from the very beginning. We plan to retain the present security measures for some more days till we get further instructions.\" Meanwhile, it is learnt that many migrants from the northeast have informed their employers and friends in the city about their plans to return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "latur", "code": "15577332", "title": "Thane target 'perfect 10'", "text": "LATUR: The Maharashtra State Inter-District Badminton Championship is one tournament where Thane have been ruling the roost for the last so many years. Their men's team has been winning the title for the last nine years, while their women's counterparts are champions for the last four years.This year too teams from Thane aiming to make a clean sweep during the annual team championship which will get underway at the Divisional Sports Complex at Latur on Tuesday.The six-day tournament, in which 23 districts in men's and 10 districts in women's will vie for the top honours, will be organized by the Latur District Badminton Association under the auspices of Maharashtra Badminton Association.For the first two days, inter-district tournament will be played, while individual events will begin on Thursday. On the basis of performance in Latur, Maharashtra teams will be selected for the forthcoming Senior National Badminton Championship. Compared to last year, Thane men's team looks a depleted one. Two of their star players - Akshay Dewalkar and Eshan Naqvi - are not part of the team.While Dewalkar, who recently won a double crown in the Thane district championship, will be competing in the Vietnam Open Grand Prix, Naqvi is still to recover from a back injury. However, they still have Subhankar Dey, Jishnu Sanyal, Prashant Bahatre and a couple of talented youngsters who can do the job for them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576597", "title": "Apex court breather to medical aspirants", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a breather to meritorious students, the Supreme Court said medical admissions made till date for the academic year 2012 would be subject to the final outcome of the students' pleas pending before it. After issuing notices to the state government and NTR Health University of Sciences, the apex court asked them to respond to a plea by a group of students who alleged that several meritorious students were denied admissions in the management quota seats in various private colleges. Sources said the notices were issued on August 17 by a bench of justices H L Dattu and C K Prasad. \"Any admissions made by the respondent institutions in MBBS/BDS or any other course is subject to the result of the present special leave petitions (SLPs) filed by the students,\" the bench said. It further said the colleges should intimate the pendency of the present SLPs as well as the interim orders passed by it to all those students who had taken admission in the 'C' (management quota) category. \"We, however, make it clear that pendency of the SLPs will not come in the way of the AP high court taking a decision on the merits of the writ petition,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579166", "title": "Realty, hotels stare at labour crunch", "text": "COIMBATORE: The exodus of workers from the north eastern states is likely to snowball into a major issue for the industrial hub, especially in the medium and small scale ones which are already plagued by power and labour shortage and rising raw material costs. \"It is an issue as about 15% to 20% of the workers are from the NE states. They are now resorting to mass abandonment of work and leaving overnight with friends. It will become an issue in the coming days,' said A R Govindaraaju, president, Coimbatore Foundry and Industries Owners Association (COFIOA).The Coimbatore chapter of the Builders Association of India is also mulling to discuss the issue with the district collector and raise their concerns about the labour shortage issue which is expected to derail balance sheets. The Builders Association is already saddled with the escalating cement, sand and other building raw material prices.\"Thousands of people from the NE states work in the city and its outskirts in the construction sector. We are hoping that the mass migration will not further worsen the sector. We are facing shortage of labour for construction work from Tamil Nadu and are solely dependent on other states for labour,\" said R Krishnaswamy, president, Builders Association of India, Coimbatore.The district hotels association is also keeping a close watch on the situation and claim that about 30% of their workforce has already left for the NE but the remaining 70% are staying on in the city. They are worried that these workers could leave any moment and despite being constantly assured about their safety. \"About 3,000 people from the NE states work in various hotels and eateries in the city. We are trying to reassure them and make them stay on. The police department is also helping us at the moment,\" said K A Ramasamy, secretary, Coimbatore District Hotels Association.What complicates matters is that even a rough estimate of the number of workers from the NE in the region is unknown. This is because labour is drawn from contractors and sub-contractors. Even trade unions have no clue about this large, but splintered work force since most of them are on contract for short periods and have remained outside unions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15582027", "title": "Opposition targets PM over 'Coalgate', Parliament adjourned", "text": "NEW DELHI: Both Houses of Parliament, which met after the Eid break, were adjourned on Tuesday after the Opposition disrupted proceedings over the alleged coal block scam.Soon after the Lok Sabha resumed, Speaker Meira Kumar was forced to adjourn the House for the day, due to repeated disruptions. Rajya Sabha proceedings were on for a short period, but the House was later adjourned.As soon as the Lok Sabha met for the day, Opposition members trooped into the well raising slogans to pin down the government on the basis of the CAG reports - focusing on allocations of coal blocks that the federal auditor says benefited private operators by Rs 1.86 lakh crore.The issue was raised vociferously by BJP members, who were supported by their colleagues from other opposition parties including AIADMK, Left and TDP. Amid uproar, Speaker Meira Kumar adjourned the House till noon barely a few minutes after it met for the first time since the latest controversy hit the government.In the Rajya Sabha, almost the entire Opposition led by BJP Deputy Leader Ravi Shankar Prasad and M Venkaiah Naidu, and Shivanand Tiwari (JD-U) were on their feet and raised slogans as soon as the House assembled.The BJP-led NDA demanded Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's resignation, while Left parties wanted the government to spell out its stand on the three CAG reports.Amid din, Samajwadi Party, which supports the UPA government from outside, protested Steel Minister Beni Prasad Verma's comments on inflation. Verma, who deserted SP to join Congress, had stated that high food inflation was good as it benefited farmers. As his plea for order in the House went unheeded, Chairman Hamid Ansari adjourned it till noon.BJP is targeting Prime Minister Manmohan Singh demanding his resignation since he was in charge of the coal ministry during the allocations questioned by the CAG. \"This is not a matter that can await examination by the PAC. The PM is culpable for the delay in introducing transparent auctions,\" BJP deputy leader in Rajya Sabha Ravi Shankar Prasad said.The opposition's aggression is likely to be countered by the government with Congress vehemently rejecting the Comptroller and Auditor General's findings as a bizarre accounting exercise. The clash is expected to result in adjournments and Parliament is not expected to transact business on Tuesday.BJP leader Arun Jaitley gave notice of the opposition's intent on Monday, saying the CAG report on coal will be taken up in a \"big way\" in Parliament with the party demanding the PM's resignation.The government is preparing to stonewall the opposition, not only disagreeing with CAG's conclusions but also arguing the reports must first be examined by Parliament's Public Accounts Committee. The government is correct on procedure, but the opposition is unlikely to let go of an opportunity to yell \"scam\".Government sources said there was no indication so far whether the PM would respond to the opposition's tactics by offering a statement, pointing out the matter would be addressed by the ministry concerned. Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal would be ready to make a statement on 'Coalgate' which the opposition can be counted on to reject.The CAG reports are likely to spur opposition unity as BJP, Left and regional parties converge in attempting to corner the government on the alleged scams in coal allocations. The CAG reports dealing with the GMR-run Delhi International Airport Limited and the use of surplus coal by Anil Ambani-controlled Reliance Power are also sharp indictments of the UPA government.The legislative agenda for the monsoon session does not comprise any major reform initiatives but there are several amendments that finance minister P Chidambaram is keen to push through and on which he has the broad support of the BJP. The CAG reports may end up disrupting much of the week.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579130", "title": "Tamil Nadu Agricultural University's radio channel to be more user-friendly", "text": "COIMBATORE: Are you a housewife planning to start a roof garden? Help from unlikely quarters is at hand. All you got to do is switch on your radio.Vivasayee FM 107.4, which is the Tamil Nadu Agricultural University's (TNAU) community radio channel, will soon go online with a full-fledged archive, enabling people around the globe to listen to their broadcast. The 50-watt broadcast is available in 22 villages falling within a distance of 20 km from the university. Around 10,000 to 12,000 farm families will have access to the broadcast from 10.30 a.m. to 1 p.m. everyday.Apart from topics related to agriculture, slots will also be dedicated targeting housewives and other family members. You can even learn how to make healthy fruit juices and jams. Programmes on education, health, development of rural communities and entertainment will be covered. Information on weather and market prices of crops will find prominence. Based on these prices, farmers can choose what crops to go in for, sources said.The TNAU is currently scouting for radio presenters from All India Radio to host the programme. \"We will engage on a casual basis. We will also hire post graduate students. This will be good exposure, especially for students preparing for the communication paper, part of the extension course,\" said S P Ramanathan, head of department of market extension.Success stories of farmers and their experiences form another core aspect of the broadcast. Farmers can call 661523 and fix appointments to meet with the director of technical education. \"Their inspiration stories will go on air,\" Ramanathan said. Viewpoints of experts from agriculture and allied sectors like fisheries and veterinary care will also find a place in our broadcasts.The broadcast began three months ago after TNAU acquired a license from the ministry of information and broadcasting. The World Development and Media Lab Asia, both NGOs, are TNAU's partners and work closely with the university to create the broadcast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15583475", "title": "Six Mangalore students clear NTSE", "text": "MANGALORE: Six students of Centre for Advanced Learning (CFAL), Mangalore, have qualified for the national-level National Talent Search Examination (NTSE) held in May 2012. A total of 43,833 students from Karnataka appeared for the state-level NTSE exam. The Department of State Education and Research Training (DSERT) selected 233 students and of these, 81 qualified for the national-level scholarship.The awardees will receive a scholarship of Rs 6,000 per annum starting from class IX and the scholarships will continue till their PhDs. The students of CFAL who have qualified as national talent scholars are: Shishirdeep and Manoj of Delhi Public School, Pradyumna B and Karan Gupta of Kendriya Vidyalaya, Panambur, Shashank P of Sharada Vidyalaya, and Madhu Nayak of St Theresa's School, Bendore, respectively.National Council of Educational Research and Training awards 1,000 scholarships every year to students selected through this programme. Starting 2012-13, NTSE will be held for students of class X. The date for state-level and national-level exams have been fixed for Nov 18 and May 12, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15577883", "title": "Arrest of Pakistani girl on blasphemy charges deeply disturbing: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US on Monday called the arrest of a young Pakistani girl on blasphemy charges \"deeply disturbing\" and praised President Asif Ali Zardari for coming out against it.\"This case is obviously deeply disturbing, the arrest of a young Pakistani girl on blasphemy charges,\" state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference.\"President Zardari, to his credit, went out very quickly. So conceivably, we've been welcoming of that move in Islamabad, as well,\" Nuland said appreciative of the move of the Pak President.\"Zardari has now asked the interior ministry to look into the arrest and has underscored that vulnerable populations have to be protected from misuse of the blasphemy law,\" she said.\"We would call on the Pakistanis to have that investigation in a transparent way. And we think that the president's statement is very welcome, and we urge the government of Pakistan to protect not just its religious minority citizens but also women and girls,\" Nuland said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15582330", "title": "Copycat degrees: Universities need to do serious introspection", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: An Odisha Administrative Service (OAS) officer has alleged large-scale plagiarism of his work by a senior official of the Odisha State Museum in securing a PhD degree from Utkal University. Educationists say the way PhDs are being given needs serious introspection by the universities.Chitrasen Pasayat, who worked as development officer in the Western Odisha Development Council (WODC) accused Prabhas Kumar Singh, posted as assistant curator at the Odisha State Musesum of lifting chapters from his books and submitting the same as his own work to get the degree. The latter got PhD from the Utkal University in 2008.Pasayat, a PhD in sociology from Jawaharlal Nehru University, in his complaint to University Grants Commission (UGC), said Singh in his thesis 'A Study of Sakta Temples of Western Odisha' copied down word by word, to write two chapters, from Pasayat's 1998 and 2007 publications. \"It is an academic fraud. The authorities must inquire into it and take suitable action,\" Pasayat told TOI.Pasayat said his thesis was published by Rawat Publications, New Delhi, in 1998 under the title 'Tribe, Caste and Folk Culture. Besides, he published collection of his research papers under the title 'Tribal non-tribal divide: Myth and Reality in 2007.Singh admitted to the lapses. \"It was an inadvertent error. I forgot to mention in the thesis that these were actually quoted from Pasayat's publications. But I have not published the thesis as a book. I have offered either to omit these portions while publishing this as a book or will give due credit to the rightful author,\" he said, adding the matter should have ended there.Utkal University authorities are mulling action after the UGC wrote to the varsity recently. The UGC has asked the university to look into the matter and send its comments to the applicant under intimation to it. \"We received the UGC letter and the enclosed copy of Pasayat's complaint only recently. The varsity will soon ask the subject research committee (SRC) concerned to probe into the matter,\" said UU controller of examinations S K Das said.Das said the next course of action will depend on the findings of the SRC. SRC history chairman Basant Kumar Mullick, when contacted, said Pasayat had also forwarded a copy of his complaint to him. \"Since the matter was relating to ancient history, I forwarded the same to SRC ancient history. It is a serious allegation, which should be probed,\" Mullick said.SRC ancient history chairman Sadasib Pradhan said the matter was in his notice but he is not the right authority to initiate a probe on his own. \"Such an allegation has come for the first time in the history of UU. If the university authorities ask, I will find out the truth. The allegations have come years after the degree was awarded,\" Pradhan said.Educationists say such academic impropriety should be probed to check repeat of such incidents in future. \"It is a grave allegation raising question marks over how PhDs are being given. There should be more checks and balances,\" said L N Mishra, a former vice-chancellor of Utkal University.Mishra suggested that PhD guides should be given the sole responsibility to ensure quality of thesis under them. In the ongoing system, the SRC takes a final call. Since SRC members are colleagues, if one of them decides to be biased towards scholars, others may just sign on dotted lines. Such a thing would discourage serious researchers, he said.The latest allegation of plagiarism at UU to secure the highest academic degree comes close on heels of former Sambalpur University (SU) vice-chancellor Arun Pujari leveling charges of large-scale recycling of PhD theses year after year.Pujari, in his blog www.sweekaarokti.blogspot.in had posted write-up 'Plagiarism and Jyotivihar' alleging that he came across such copying in PhD during his tenure frequently. Pujari, who was VC from August 2008 to August 2011, wrote, \"I had sufficient proof for a thesis to get cancelled.. a clear example of plagiarism. I took view of the Syndicate members none of who were serious\".Pujari had accused the teachers of being party to the crime and questioned how a professor published 10 research papers in 12 months, which was \"humanly impossible unless the researcher copies those.\" The Sambalpur University Teachers' Association (SUTA) had condemned Pujari for the blog and described the allegations as baseless.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15578967", "title": "Corporation plans to ease traffic by revamping bus timetable", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The corporation is planning to re-route buses and rearrange their timings as part of its comprehensive bus plan that is aimed at streamlining traffic in the city.The civic body will convene a meeting in this regard in September. Officials of the traffic police, Kerala Sustainable Urban Development Project (KSUDP), National Transportation Planning and Research Centre (NATPAC), Engineers' Forum and Regional Transportation Office, representatives of the bus organizations and experts from National Institute of Technology - Calicut (NITC) are expected to take part in the meeting.The civic body had earmarked a sum of Rs 42.56 crore in the budget for the project.As per the re-routing plan, the services of buses plying from various parts of the district to the city would be expanded to cover more areas, thus making travelling by bus a comfortable and practical option for the residents. The civic body is also planning to convert the Palayam bus stand into a major bus hub in the city. At present, private buses mainly use the Moffusil bus stand at IG Road. Only the buses plying towards Mokkam, Thamarassery, Mavoor, Vazhakkad and Narikuni use the Palayam bus stand.Through the re-routing of buses, the civic body is hoping to ensure public transportation more accessible to everyone in the corporation.The civic body is also planning to find a solution to the frequent accidents at the Thondayadu bypass. Once the work on the Meenchanda bus terminal is completed, the civic body will ensure that the buses coming in from the southern parts of the district halt at Meenchanda so that passengers can catch buses to the city from there.\"The idea is to prepare a detailed bus plan to ease traffic congestion in the city,\" said M Mohanan, public works standing committee chairman. \"The plan to re-route buses and re-arrange their timings will be implemented only after considering the suggestions of the experts in the meeting,\" he said.K K Vijayan, retired superintendent engineer, PWD, said though he had presented a proposal on the relocation of bus stops and re-routing of buses to the corporation in 2010, nothing has been done so far.He had then suggested regulation of traffic and relocation of bus stops at 12 places in the city. The relocation of bus stops was proposed at Eranhipalam Junction, West Hill-Chungam Junction, Mavoor Road, Rajaji Road, Pavamoni Road, Poonthanam Junction, Palayam Junction, Stadium Junction, Pushpa Junction, Pottamal Junction, Medical College Junction and Mananchira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15576449", "title": "With more support, we can do wonders: Jagseer Singh", "text": "JAIPUR: For Jagseer Singh, the London Paralympics later this month will be a landmark moment. The long-jumper will be looking to win what he earned at the Guangzhou Asian Games - a gold medal. The Hanumangarh-based para-athlete knows it will be tough, but he has a dream and he will do his best to make it reality.\"It's really tough to make it to the Paralympic Games,\" says Jagseer, who is India's flagbearer and captain. \"This time only 10 of us will be representing the country in London. With a little more support, we can do wonders,\" he adds.Jagseer's life turned upside down 19 years ago. He lost his right hand after picking up an 11,000-volt electric wire while helping his father at their farm. That was way back in 1993 and Jagseer was only 6. He now feels it was the turning point of his life.\"When that accident took place, I was just a kid. So, when my parents told me that I've lost my hand, I couldn't understand what they were talking about. But today when I look back I think it was a blessing in disguise,\" Jagseer told TOI.He says he owes it to his coach Ripudaman Singh Aulak. \"I wouldn't have achieved anything without his support,\" he admits.In 2002, he met Aulak, and there was no looking back. \"Sir's (Aulak) wife was my teacher in school, and that's how I got in touch with him in 2002,\" the 25-year old said.If Aulak was his mentor, 2004 Paralympics gold medalist Devendra Jhajharia was his motivator. \"Devendra too hails from Rajasthan, and he has always motivated me. Even now, after every performance, it's he who boosts my morale,\" Jagseer said.But whom does he consider as his idol? \"It has to be Oscar Pistorius ,\" Jagseer said with a smile. \"He has showed the world, what we can do. I met him in Beijing, and that was a great moment. This time too, I'm looking forward to meeting him in London,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578052", "title": "Less-than-a-year leases to be registered too?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union law ministry is considering a slew of changes to a century-old property registration law\u2014including making mandatory registration of leases less than a year and power-of-attorney transfers\u2014to curtail frauds and losses to state exchequers.The changes, if cleared, will close major loopholes in The Registration Act, 1908, and provide much-needed transparency, sources said. At present, people flagrantly avoid property registration to evade paying stamp duty. Also, the loopholes are abused to usurp realty.As a first step, the Centre is contemplating defining \"lease comprehensively\".It is mulling making compulsory registration of properties, whether residential and commercial, leased out for less than a year but for above a specified rent. The lower rent limit, it has been suggested, can be decided individually by state governments.In Mumbai, from January to July this year, 69,048 leave-and-licence agreements were registered.Rajesh Mehta, a Mumbai-based stamp duty consultant, welcomed the governmental move to reassess the law. \"People generally avoid registering properties,\" he said and suggested the law ministry frame new rules in a way that \"court orders related to property disputes are sent directly to the registering authority\". Currently, the \"absence of information leads to further webs of disputes and frauds\", he explained.Apart from registration of less-than-a-year-leases, the Centre is considering mandating that every power of attorney\u2014as well as every transaction, be it sale or transfer of property, using it\u2014be registered. \"Since this was not compulsory, it gave rise to losses to exchequer and disputes,\" said a Mumbai-based stamp duty valuer.Among other amendments under consideration is obligatory registration of property in the state it falls. At present, those who own properties in more than one state can register all of them in any of those states. This rule does not hold in Maharashtra.The law ministry is also weighing a proposal to open registered documents for public inspection, thereby allowing verification of ownership. It is further considering giving registration officers the right to refuse registration. If accepted, sources said, this rule would empower the officers to turn down cases related to transfer of properties owned by the government or charities, or under litigation, or whose transfer has been disallowed by the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578483", "title": "Northeast-bound crowds thin down", "text": "BANGALORE: Last week's frenzied crowds of home-bound northeastern people have started disappearing from City railway station.Only 375 passengers booked tickets to Howrah and beyond, while 163 booked direct tickets to Guwahati. But all these passengers were diverted to Yeshwantpur railway station where the regular Howrah train departed at 8.30pm. About 471 tickets were booked to Howrah and 188 to Guwahati on Monday.\"Depending on the additional number of passengers, we may add one or two extra general sleeper coaches to the Howrah train,\" N Ramesh, senior divisional commercial manager, South Western Railway, Bangalore division, said.Officials in the South Western Railway confirmed that two special trains are headed towards Bangalore from Guwahati. While one train left Guwahati at 4pm, the other started at 9pm, respectively. These are the same two special trains that had left Bangalore on August 15.Senior railway officials in Bangalore had earlier told TOI that the rakes have to get back to Bangalore before they are dismantled and sent off to the respective zonal railways from whom they had been borrowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "15584589", "title": "Jharkhand Andolankari Manch calls for statewide bandh on August 22", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Unhappy with the state government for not paying heed to its demands, the Jharkhand Andolankari Manch (JAM) has called for state bandh on August 22.Former legislator and one of the founders of All Jharkhand Students Union, (AJSU), Surya Singh Besra said strike is the only effective tool to put press for their demands.Removal of the term 'Vananchal' from the government notification, formation of a new panel to look into the requirements of the statehood activists and formation of a domicile policy on the lines of the one that exists in Andhra Pradesh, are among the 10 point charter of demands of the JAM.\"The volunteers of the organization took to the streets in support of the demands. In line with the multistage agitational programme, our activists demonstrated and gheraoed the block offices and deputy commissioner's office in the respective districts and are now preparing for a statewide bandh on August 22,\" said Besra talking to the press at Nirmal Bhavan on Monday.Besra, who is also president of the Jharkhand Peoples Party, (JPP) asked the government to sign an accord with the statehood activists on the lines of Assam/Bodoland/Mizoram accords signed between All Assam Students Union, All Bodo Students Union and Mizoram leader Laldenga with their respective state governments. \"The statehood activists who lost prime time of their life in struggle should be given due recognition and honour,\" said Besra who recently met then Union home minister, P Chidambaram on Nagri land row.Besra, the convenor of JAM, also differed with the government over pension provisions for statehood activists. A senior functionary of the outfit claimed that along with the long distance passenger buses, train movement in the state will also be targeted on the bandh day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15578989", "title": "Migrant worker hurt in explosion", "text": "KANNUR: In a mysterious incident, a migrant labourer from West Bengal suffered burn injuries when a plastic bag containing wastes exploded while he was trying to burn it near his rented quarters at Vallangode under Panoor police limits on Monday evening.According to the Panoor police, the migrant labourer, Bahadur Sirajudheen (20), s/o Asharaf, a resident of Khasi Nagar in Birbhum district of West Bengal, was staying in the rented house along with his friends. All of them are daily wage labourers hailing from West Bengal.He has been admitted to the Kozhikode Medical College with burn injuries all over his body. He has not been able to ascertain the cause of explosion.However, according to his roommates who reached the spot after Sirajudheen informed them of the incident, he was burning a bag full of waste when it exploded.and injured himBut the police later recovered a pair of gloves from the spot, which has led them to suspect that there was some foul play.Later, the police searched the house but nothing could be found from there. The police have questioned three of his roommates -- Ahamed, Fasim Akram and Irfan Pathan. Though they had been called for migrant labour verification on earlier occasions, they had not come to the police station, said police.In a mysterious incident, a migrant labourer from West Bengal suffered burn injuries when a plastic bag containing wastes exploded when he was said to be burning it, near his rented quarters at Vallangode under Panoor police limits on Monday evening.According to Panoor police, the migrant labourer, Bahadur Sirajudheen (20), s/o Asharaf, a resident of Khasi Nagar in Birbhum district of West Bengal, was staying in the rented house along with his friends and they were engaged as daily wage labourers.Since he has been admitted in Kozhikode Medical College with burn injuries all over his body police has not been able to ascertain the cause of explosion.However, according to his roommates, who reached there after Sirajudheen informed them of the incident, he was burning a bag full of waste when it exploded and injured him.But the police later recovered a pair of gloves from the spot, which has increased the suspicion that there was some foul play. Later the police searched the house but nothing could be found from there. However, the police are questioning three of his roommates, Ahamed, Fasim Akram and Irfan Pathan , all from West Bengal, to solve the mystery over the explosion, and how the explosive reached there.Though they had been called for verification on earlier occasions, they had not come to the police station, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579703", "title": "Unaccustomed mustn't ignore perils of trekking", "text": "PUNE: Trekking in groups, accommodating guides well-versed with the routes, wearing proper footwear, avoiding deep streams are some safety measures professional trekking clubs follow and they have advised others to do this on monsoon treks to avoid any mishaps.They have also recommended that tourists should not wade under waterfalls because the water's force and slippery rocks may carry one away. A strong swimmer in the group is an added advantage.In this season of monsoon treks, many inexperienced trekkers attempt to walk around waterfalls, which without caution, can be fatal.On Sunday, 11-year-old Sakshi Pawar from Pune was feared drowned in the gushing waters of Thoseghar waterfalls in Satara. According to statistics provided by the Satara taluka police, she was the ninth victim at this waterfall, in the recent past.In another incident, Rixon D'souza, a 24-year-old fashion designer from Thane, was also feared drowned in the waters of Tungarli dam near Lonavla, while swimming in its waters.Professional trekkers say these incidents dampen the trekking experience, and precautions are needed before inexperienced trekkers take off on dangerous terrains.Sridhar Shelar, president of the city-based Sahyadri Adventure Treks, said, \"People do not anticipate the dangers involved at trekking sites during the monsoon. They do not equip themselves with basic safety equipment like a rope, or even proper trekking shoes. Such ignorance leads to unfortunate incidents.\"Professional trekker Ketan Rikame said, \"Revellers go overboard and fatal accidents happen. Sign boards warning of danger at these sites are ignored and people step into fast-flowing water without knowing its dangers. The mere excitement proves fatal.\"Rikame suggested that trekkers travel in a group and accommodate a guide who knows the route thoroughly along with the depth and flow of water.According to Him Adventure International Tour, a trekking club in the city, knowing the flow of water, its pressure and persons capable of handling water accidents is a must especially at waterfalls.Sammy Gill, a mountaineering trainer at the club, said, \"Carrying technical equipment such as a rope, a carabiner (a metal loop) and a harness will also be advantageous. The leader must be capable of handling situations. Revellers must not cross heavy flowing water, where maximum accidents take place.\"Vikas Kaduskar, joint secretary of the Safe Climbing Initiative (SCI), an initiative for climbing safety, said, safety must be a priority and accidents have increased due to the lack of safety awareness among trekkers.Kaduskar said a first-aid kit is important. \"Undertake some research about the trekking group you go along with, and take valuable inputs from seasoned trekkers who have already been there. Inputs in terms of how accessible is the place, if help is available in case of an emergency, distance to the nearest police station or hospital and whether there are wild animals in the area are a must,\" he added.SCI spreads awareness apart from replacing old anchors on climbing routes with new ones.Safety first:- Trek with people who know the place or carry a detailed map- Wear proper footwear so that you don't slip on rock faces which can get slippery during the monsoon.- Deep stream crossing must be undertaken only if one is very sure. They may be deeper and the current may pull you down.- Do not eat leaves, fruits, flowers, or mushrooms. They could be poisonous.- Stick together and do not leave anyone behind- Avoid carrying valuables such as rings, chains and too much money- Diseases are rampant during the monsoon. Guard against influenza, dysentery, malaria and dengue. Always carry a medical kit with some antibiotics. Do not neglect early symptoms of sickness and consult a doctor.- Contaminated food and water are a monsoon pitfall. Eat properly cooked food, and wash fruits and vegetables thoroughly.- If you have spent the day in pouring rain, take a hot water bath- Go with a big group of at least 10-12 people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578707", "title": "Sore BSF men move court against home ministry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unhappy with \"acute stagnation\" and deprivation of \"financial benefits\", more than 100 BSF officers have petitioned the Delhi high court against those who frame policies for them \u2014 the Union home ministry and the IPS officers, who constitute the top brass of the border guarding force.A bench of Justices Pradeep Nandrajog and Manmohan Singh on August 14 issued notice to the Union home ministry and the Border Security Force (BSF) headquarters for a response on the petition of these officers, who are in the ranks of DIGs, commandants, deputy commandants and second-in-command.This is a rare instance of officers of a paramilitary force discharging internal security duties approaching the court for relief as they claim that the non-implementation of policy measures is affecting their \"morale and efficiency\".The BSF officials, who guard the crucial Indian frontiers with Pakistan and Bangladesh, are aggrieved that they are not being extended the \"non-functional financial upgrade\", despite a 2009 department of personnel and training (DoPT) order in this regard.The upgrade, the BSF officials contend, will ensure pay parity and social recognition as they would get timely promotions. \"A total of 66 BSF officers are signatory to the first petition that has been filed in the Delhi High Court. Many more officers have sent similar signed representations. The officers have taken this step as issues related to their equitable pay and on-time promotions have hit their morale,\" according to their counsel. Sources in the force said the total number of signatories to the petition has gone above 100 as many officials from the field formations have sent in their representations.\"Despite the general duty group 'A' officers of the BSF dedicating their life in the field areas and sacrificing their personal lives for the organization and the nation, they instead of being rewarded for their selfless service, are being deprived of even those financial benefits and privileges which other group 'A' officers are enjoying and hence they have no other remedy except to approach the honourable court,\" the petition says.The officers argue that they \"are facing an acute stagnation not only because of lack of adequate promotional posts but also because a majority of the important posts of the top hierarchy had been/are always held by those on deputation (IPS officers), who have failed to take adequate steps for career progression of the cadre officers.\"\"This is affecting the morale and efficiency of the officers dedicating their life to the service of the nation at the borders,\" the petition said.BSF, which has 2.40 lakh personnel on its rolls and is the country's second largest paramilitary force after CRPF, has made various representations to the home ministry, but it still to take a final view on the subject, it informed HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578375", "title": "Waiting for this to pass", "text": "BANGALORE: The exodus may have ended. But it will take a while for the northeastern community to shrug off the uncertainties and fear that haunt it. On Monday, a 26-year-old Manipuri woman living on a small lane, off Victoria Road, chose to closet herself in her residence and work from home.Julie (name changed) was a bundle of nerves when The Times of India spent a couple of hours at her home. She had packed off the two cousins who stay with her to a community hideout set up near Electronics City, off Sarjapur Road.\"I am waiting for this month to pass by. We have not slept for days. We have been getting threatening messages at 11pm and midnight. It has been an endless nightmare,\" Julie said.\"We did not want to travel by train, as anything can happen during the journey too. On August 17, when I tried to get a flight ticket to Imphal , I was told the fare is Rs 30,000. It is just not affordable. So we are staying here,\" Julie said.\"When I went out to draw cash from an ATM nearby on Saturday, I kept looking around to see if I can find any face similar to mine. I saw two men and could understand from their expressions that they too were looking for the same. It's just the feeling that I am not the only Manipuri on the street,\" said Julie.Going home for Christmas is Julie's cherished dream. \"This would not have been a sweet visit home. Working for an MNC, I can't get more leave. The condition has not so much worsened as yet. I am at home only because of my work, as I have been asked to work from home,\" said Julie.The cousins who study in St Joseph's College are on special leave. They are apparently not bothered about anything other than their safety. Their phone numbers are not reachable. Julie's parents called her up on Monday, enquiring about her safety.Times ViewThe Karnataka government was initially slow to react to the exodus and even bungled to some extent. But it has redeemed itself through several proactive gestures and confidence building measures to reassure people from the northeast that the administration is geared up to ensure their safety. That a deputy chief minister went on night patrol with security personnel is an indication of the government's commitment to restore confidence. The requisition of central paramilitary forces and their flag marches too showed that the government meant business in cracking down on rumour mongers and trouble-makers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582943", "title": "Fan frenzy for Shiva", "text": "The release of Shivaraj Kumar's next 'Shiva' is preceded by an unprecedented craze for the film which is getting released in around 200 plus theatres. The installation of Shiva statue in Santhosh is only an example of the craze that is developing among the Shivaraj Kumar fans to see and enjoy the film.But this time the confidence levels of Shivaraj Kumar fans remain at the top line and they seem to be hugely confident of the block buster status of the film. \"It has big success written all over it\" says Bhaskar who is also one of the producers of 'Andar Bahar', for which some shooting is to take place on 22nd and 23rd August. Since the shooting will be for the night sequences, Shivanna will have time to do pre release promotional interviews for the television and music channels.Besides KP Srikanth who is sure of the film's success, if there is one member of the film unit who is predicting a big win for the film it is the film's actress Raagini. \"I am sure the fans would like my looks and dressing sense in the film. I have taken care to select the best accessories to look glamorous in the film. My attire of Short dresses, casual dresses, dark glasses, jewellery and leather jackets are sure to attract the young brigade. I have never been so happy to see the level of craze for this film. But I promise fans that everything is worth it\" says Raagini.Though Raagini's new Malayalam film with Mammootty is all set to be launched on August 23, she has requested her Malayalam film producer to allow her three days time to report to shoot, as she has to do promotional programmes for the film. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15584604", "title": "Property registration rates to be revised in October", "text": "RANCHI: The state government is planning to revise property registry fees conducted annually in urban and biennially in rural areas. Sources in the state registration department said there used to be a huge discrepancy in the charges until the last revision of registry rates and there used to be a hike of just 5% in upmarket areas it went up by up to 30-40% in other places.\"It was also brought to the notice of the government that market value of plots and flats were much below the rate fixed by department at many places. Since the registry rates were higher, the buyers were forced to get their property registered at a higher value. This helps government in generating more revenue from each buyer but prevents many people from getting their property registered for years,\" said a source adding that there are many people in the state who avoid registration and sell the property after a few years.\"If the government wants to ensure 100% and increase revenues, it should fix the rate after making proper survey of price of plots and flats in a particular area,\" said the source. At present, the registry rate is determined by taking the average of top five deals in the last year.State registration secretary Neelima Kerketta said : \"We are working to make the rates rational and all clear all discrepancies. The rates of plots and flats will be close to the actual market price in a particular locality,\" said Kerketta. \"At present, the department even takes into account the deal price of plots measuring one decimal. Now we may consider taking into account price of top five deals of plots measuring more than 15 decimal,\" she said, adding that the revised rates are likely to be implemented from October 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577793", "title": "BJP\u2019s one-day meet on industrial policy today", "text": "JAIPUR: A day-long convention on UPA's industrial policy and the challenges faced by the state's industrial sector will be held on Tuesday by the state BJP's trade and industry cell. Apart from the cell's office-bearers at national, state and district levels, experts from the industry have also been invited to participate in the convention that will be held at the state headquarters.Interacting with the media on Monday, Devi Shankar Bhutda, state convener of the cell said that the unfriendly environment for the sector in the state would be discussed here. \"While the environment was friendly during the BJP regime with the sector and the state flourishing, the conditions have become bad over the last three and a half years of the Congress rule. Congress has failed completely in ensuring power and infrastructure to the industries,'' said Bhutda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576905", "title": "Fire at plastic recycling unit", "text": "HYDERABAD: A portion of a plastic recycling unit was gutted here on Monday. The incident happened at around 12 pm and one fire tender from Chandulal Baradari was sent to the spot. The fire fighting operation lasted for about two hours.Station fire officer (SFO), B Sudarshan Reddy, said that spark from a machine churning plastic could have caused the fire.The incident occurred when some workers of the factory were running the recycling machine. The initial fire fighting operations were conducted by workers of the plastic recycling unit and nearby tile manufacturing units. As plastic was on fire, the flames had to be doused with both foam and water. A damage of Rs 1 lakh is estimated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15579045", "title": "CAG special audit to probe rural employment scam", "text": "BANGALORE: Just enroll your name and get Rs 2,000.That's the starting point of a widespread scam to sign you up and siphon off funds under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA).The modus operandi is simple -- a contractor enrolls around 50 persons to take up the development of a lake or a road. He manages this easily as people like truck drivers, rickshaw drivers , petty shop owners, mentally challenged persons or tea-stall owners fall prey to his offer of getting money for doing no work.The contractor hires an excavator to get the lake dug or necessary equipment to develop a road and pockets the wages of all 50 workers by paying a commission of just 10% of the funds he gets. He gets five times more money he spends on men and machines.With MNREGA unearthing such rackets, Union minister Jairam Ramesh has sought the help of the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General of India to perform a special audit in Karnataka , among other states, and pinpoint irregularities it has noticed in the government's flagship rural employment programme.\"The hoarding of job cards continues to be a problem, but less so with the introduction of payment of NREGA wages through banks and post offices,\" said deputy chief minister KS Eshwarappa, who is in-charge of the rural development and panchayat raj department.Earlier, panchayat officials colluded with contractors to manipulate muster rolls by putting fake names of labourers. But this is no longer possible except by colluding with socalled 'labourers' .Other irregularities include forming musters of ghost workers leading to payments into ghost accounts , delayed and nonpayment of wages and preferential treatment to some farmers. \"Those used to corruption will find new ways. We must find ways to check them,\" said a senior RDPR official.Ramesh has written to Karnataka highlighting defects in monitoring, work completion rate, delay in electronic transfer of wages, inadequate action on complaints and inconsistencies in financial statements.Scheme factsIf a person works for 100 days @ Rs 150 per day, he should be paid Rs 15,000, of which Rs 2,000 is paid as commission by contractors Karnataka has been appreciated twice by the Centre in previous years on spending Due to prevailing drought, Centre recently extended 150 days (instead of 125 days) of employment across 142 affected taluks On April 1, government had Rs 1,049 crore in its kitty under NREGA but spent Rs 430 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581614", "title": "GV scores 25!", "text": "He started when he was just 17 and now, at 25, is already 25 films old! Music composer G V Prakash, who burst into the music scene with lots of promise in Veyyil, has since then grown and worked with some of the best talents in Kollywood. And this year is important for the composer due to his 25th release ( Thaandavam) and his Bollywood foray. In a candid tete-a-tete with CT, he opens up on the journey and what's life like currently.How do you look back on that evening when the audio of Veyyil was launched? I still remember that audio launch vividly. I was wondering what was happening, how my music would be taken up. I was really nervous as well but the minute Veyilodu Vilaiyadu was played and people seemed to like it, I was happy. Also I never thought I could attempt and be good at background scores but when I watched Veyyil and saw people actually applauding the music in the vital scene in which Pasupathy meets Bharath, I realised I could do it.How has G V Prakash changed from then to now? Now, I know how to handle things. Then, I would be afraid to pick my phone calls and so would miss them but now I'm confident of dealing with things.Musically, how do you think you've matured over the years? I've always looked to do something new. Even when I started off to do music, I wanted to do period films, adventure films \u2014 stuff like that. The time I came into the industry, luckily, matched with some young directors who were innovative and gave me that kind of work. For me, every day is a journey and a lesson from which we learn something.Directors you've always wanted to work with... When I watched Pithamagan and Dev D , I told myself that I should work with the filmmakers doing such projects. Interestingly, very soon, both Bala and Anurag Kashyap came up with offers for their films. I was thrilled to take up both ( Paradesi and Gangs of Wasseypur ) and it was an honour working with such big names in cinema.What's special about your music in your opinion? I like changing zones. I think that's one of the reasons people have accepted me as a composer.Are you looking at Bollywood in a big way as well? I like to open new doors and see what's inside. That's the same with Hindi cinema as well. Working on films like Gangs ... with Anurag and Joker with Akshay Kumar - they're a dream debut there for me. Both these films are close to me as I've put in real hard work in them, spending close to a year on just these alone. I am looking at Hindi cinema in a big way in the future.Any particular actor/filmmaker you are keen to work with? It has to be Aamir Khan. The kind of films he does really appeals to me and as an actor, he's up there. I'd love to work with him someday.Will GV the singer be heard more often from now on? I'm not a big fan of my voice at all; I used to think that I don't sing well. But director Vetrimaran changed all that. If Yathe Yathe ... did well, people should have liked something about my voice. But I do not force-fit my voice into a song \u2014 I know my limits and use it only when it is required.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579875", "title": "Why can't UPA convince allies on Lokpal: Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare on Monday alleged that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was misleading the people by claiming that enactment of a law providing for a strong Lokpal was getting delayed because the UPA allies were not cooperating in the matter.Hazare said that, in reality, the government had no intention of enacting the law. \"You are the prime minister and the people in the country have a hope that you will set up a strong Lokpal. It is not proper to make a statement that you cannot enact the law due to lack of cooperation from your allies,\" he said in his blog posted on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578738", "title": "Bids open, but laptops may take a while", "text": "CHENNAI: After a series of hiccups, the state-owned Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu (Elcot) has finally opened bids to supply 7.8 lakh more laptops to students under the AIADMK's showpiece education welfare scheme.The government had earlier procured five lakh laptops and distributed them to students last year, as promised in the ruling party's election manifesto. Free laptops are being given to students of Plus I and Plus II and those studying in colleges, both government-owned and aided.For the second bid, 16 companies have participated against the 19 who took part in the first phase. According to Elcot sources, the minimum price quoted per unit in the first phase tender to procure 9.1 lakh laptops was Rs 14,900. Six companies were selected through the process, but only about five lakh laptops were supplied by the companies. Some of the firms could not meet their commitments. But they have participated in the second bid too, which is emerging as a major concern for officials. With successful bidders in the first phase unable to fulfil their commitments, there are doubts about their ability to meet commitments in the second phase as well.However, the new tender document clearly says, \"In the event of some of the successful bidders of the previous tender, who were issued firm purchase orders, becoming successful bidders for the present tender, they have to fulfil the supply commitment under the previous bid before commencing supply for the present tender.\"However, making them fulfil that commitment may be a tough ask. They had failed to supply laptops earlier as they could not deliver at the agreed price of Rs 14,900 per laptop. They are in the fray once again as the procurement price may go up by Rs 2,000 per unit and government is likely to allocate Rs 150 crore more for the scheme. In case they get shortlisted, it remains to be seen if the higher price fixed for the second phase of supplies helps them fulfil their earlier commitment to Elcot.The second bids were to be opened on July 4. \"Since most of the small companies were not able to produce their respective model laptops, opening of tenders was postponed to July 20, before it was again deferred to July 30. The date was further postponed to August 9,\" a senior official said.After postponing the date thrice , Elcot finally opened the second bids for supply of additional laptops in the second week of August 2012. The process was postponed because participating companies had failed to submit the prerequisite model laptops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "15585430", "title": "MoEF serious about E-waste disposal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The ministry of environment and Forests is implementing a scheme to provide financial assistance for setting up of treatment, disposal and storage facility for hazardous and integrated recycling facilities for E-waste on public private partnership mode.Based on a survey carried out by the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB), it is estimated that 1.47 lakh MT of e-waste was generated in the country in the year 2005. This is expected to increase to about 8.0 lakh MT by 2012. Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal, Delhi, Karnataka, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Punjab are among top 10 states generating about 70% of total e-waste. There are about 75 authorized and registered E-waste recyclers with recycling capacity of about 2.46 lakh MTA of E-waste.MoEF has notified the E-Wastes (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011, for proper management and handling of E-waste. These Rules have come in to force from May 1, 2012. As per rules, 'E-waste' means waste electrical and electronic equipment, whole or in part or rejects from their manufacturing and repair process, which are intended to be discarded.The concept of Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) has been enshrined in these rules. As per rules, producers are required to collect E-waste generated from the end of life of their products by setting up collections centers or take back systems either individually or collectively.E-waste recycling can be undertaken only in facilities authorized and registered with State Pollution Control Boards/Pollution Control Committees. Waste generated is required to be sent or sold to a registered or authorized recycler or re-processor having environmentally sound facilities.The Guidelines for Environmentally Sound Management of E-waste published by CPCB provide the approach and methodology for environmentally sound management of e-waste. They provide approach for setting up collection mechanism, dismantling and recycling operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "15578608", "title": "Drunk goons in rape bid on 14-year-old in Barasat", "text": "BARASAT: A group of drunken goons surrounded a 14-year-old girl and tried to rape her in Barasat around 11.45am on Monday. The girl, a class VIII student, was severely thrashed when she tried to put up a resistance and is now admitted to Barasat district hospital with critical injuries. Two neighbourhood youths who came to her rescue were also beaten up.The girl's father, a farmer, lodged a complaint at Barasat police station against eight people. No arrests have yet been made.The attack on the girl comes barely three weeks after an 18-year-old school girl was chased and molested by a gang of 10 drunken youths near Barasat railway station while she was returning home from coaching classes. The place where the girl was attacked, near Platform No.1, wasn't far from the spot where Rajib Das, a schoolboy, was murdered on February 13 last year as he tried to shield his sister, a call centre employee, from drunken goons. Six months after Das's murder, the wife of a Kolkata Police special branch constable was attacked by three motorcycle-borne youths, who tried to snatch her chain. She escaped with a wound, but her mother-in-law had a heart attack and died.The youths pounced on the girl when she was on her way back from a local tailor's shop to collect her new dress. The youths, who were playing cards, drinking and smoking in front of a brick kiln stopped her and made lewd comments. The girl protested but walked on. But two of the youths pulled her back as others continued to make passes. The youths dragged her to a nearby field and tried to rape her after beating her up severely. Her screams alerted people in the neighbourhood. \"The goons pounced on us and started beating us up,\" said one of the girl's rescuers. \"We also put up a fight but they overpowered us as there were many in number and we were only two. By the time other local residents rushed to the spot, the goons fled. The girl was traumatized and received several deep injuries on her head, chest and hands. We rushed her to the Barasat district hospital and informed her family members.\"He added that the goons were drug addicts and had spread terror in the area near the brick kiln. \"The drunken youths used to tease girls and have attacked several persons before. But despite repeated appeals, police did not take action against them,\" he said.The girl's father Bablu Mallick lodged an FIR against the eight youths involved in the attack on his daughter. According to a local sources the accused are Rahaman, Akbar, Mafen, Hannan, Pradip, Firoj, Raja and Dilip, all the residents of Kajipara area who are still absconding.Police are however conducting raids to nab the culprits. \"Soon after receiving the complaint we have started a combing operation in and around Barasat town to nab the accused. We suspect the youths involved in the attack on the girl fled the area soon after the incident occurred. We hope they would be arrested soon,\" said Champak Bhattacharya, SP, North 24 Parganas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584517", "title": "\u2018Infosys victory may deter copycat lawsuits against Indian cos\u2019", "text": "The Infosys victory in federal court in Alabama may deter potential copycat lawsuits against Indian companies and the mere possibility of litigation should not scare away businesses from investing in the US, an eminent Indian American lawyer has said.\"Infosys' victory in federal court may very well have a chilling effect on potential copycat lawsuits against Indian companies,\" a Birmingham-Alabama-based attorney with Haskell Slaughter Young &amp; Rediker, Jagdesh Kirpalani, told PTI after a federal court dismissed harassment charges against the IT major by one of its American employee - Jack 'Jay' Palmer.Noting that some blogs and news outlets misapprehended the litigation as a whistleblower case, he said the plaintiff's case against Infosys was not a whistleblower, or qui tam action. \"Simply put the plaintiff's case was an employment case alleging claims founded in contract and tort. The plaintiff failed to establish that Infosys breached a contract with him.\"The plaintiff did not present any conduct on the part of Infosys that rose to the level of an intentional infliction of emotional distress. Accordingly, the court threw out the plaintiff's claims as insufficient,\" he said.US District Judge Myron H Thompson said, \"Judgement is entered in favour of defendants Infosys Technologies Limited Incorporated and Infosys Limited and against plaintiff Jack 'Jay' Palmer, Jr, with plaintiff Palmer taking nothing by his complaint.\"It is further ordered that costs are taxed against plaintiff Palmer, for which execution may issue.\"Referring to the order Kirpalani said, \"The plaintiff brought state law claims against Infosys over which the federal court exercised diversity jurisdiction. \"Although the matter was pending in federal court, because the case involved state law claims, the court was required to apply Alabama law to the plaintiff's causes of action.\"He said the court found that the plaintiff lacked the proof necessary to prevail on his claims at trial, thus, the court entered a judgement in favour of Infosys. Hopefully, one of the points Indian companies will take away from this result is that the system of justice in the US is both fair and efficient, said Kirpalani, whose practice is focused on advising entrepreneurs and established businesses on international business transactions and economic development.He has a particular concentration on Indian companies doing business in the Southeast and domestic companies doing business in India and Asia. \"American federal courts do not express preferences for domestic litigants over foreign litigants or vice-versa,\" Kirpalani added.Thus, he said, the mere possibility of litigation should not scare Indian business away from continuing to invest in the US.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576743", "title": "Cash-for-bail: Karnataka MLA to appear before Anti-Corruption Bureau today", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jailed mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy's close aide and ex-Karnataka minister B Sreeramulu, who has been summoned by the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) in connection with the cash-for-bail scam case, will depose before the agency here on Tuesday.\"I would appear before the ACB in Hyderabad and cooperate with the authorities investigating the case,\" he told reporters in Bellary on Monday. Sreeramulu said he had full faith in the judiciary and would respect the law of the country. He, however, refused to comment when asked whether he saw any conspiracy to frame him in the case.In its remand report in the court after the arrest of BJP's Kampli MLA T H Suresh Babu on July 31, the ACB claimed that Sreeramulu had called up Babu, his nephew, and told him that Suryaprakash Babu from Hyderabad knew some judges and that he was ready to help secure bail for Gali.Apart from Suresh, the ACB had arrested Janardhan Reddy's brother and Bellary MLA Gali Somashekhar Reddy, who is accused of striking the deal and bribing suspended judge T Pattabhirama Rao. Pattabhirama Rao granted bail to Gali in May, but rejected the bail plea of suspended IAS officer Y Srilakshmi in the same case the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577733", "title": "Traffic, water-logging woes play killjoy", "text": "JAIPUR: Continuous showers throughout the day provided respite from the stuffy conditions but brought along traffic and water-logging woes for the denizens of Jaipur.The downpour that started in the morning continued to lash parts of the city till late evening and led to traffic chaos at MI Road, Statue Circle, Tonk Road and Khatipura.Traffic jams plagued motorists from the Bais Godaam to the JDA Circle. Commuters had to wade through water-logged streets in Khasa Kothi, Collectorate Circle and Walled City areas.Mismanagement was witnessed at railway stations and bus stands. Water leaked from the roof of a platform at Sindhi Camp bus stand. Passengers at the railway station too faced a similar problem. People found it hard to reach the platform even as porters made a fast buck.For many, the pleasant weather was the perfect excuse to venture out in the evening. Places like Gaurav Tower, Statue Circle were thronged by youngsters. Some opted for a drive to Jal Mahal.\"This whole week was hot and humid. Thankfully, it rained today. We hope that the weather conditions prevail for a few more days,\" said Vinay Goyal, a city-based jeweller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579160", "title": "Ahmedabad haute couture goes heritage way", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Fashion expert Umang Hutheesing has unveiled 'The Royal Bride Heritage Collection'. The proceeds from the sales will be used to support the India Smiling initiative and the Hutheesing Heritage Foundation. The exhibition will start from Wednesday.Hutheesing says that the collection is a tribute to the city's aspiration to become India's first UNESCO World Heritage City. Ahmedabad, in fact, is the only city to be included in the tentative list of UNESCO for the status. Recreating a bygone era, the collection includes silks and velvets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578636", "title": "Hoarding assault on heritage", "text": "KOLKATA: A drive down Chittaranjan Avenue will become tougher in the next few months as giant view-blocker hoardings add to the clutter on one of the city's busiest thoroughfares and rob you of the soothing sight of old Calcutta charms like Victoria House.A big slice of the city's priceless heritage will soon disappear behind the facade of a Rs 7-crore 'beautification drive' undertaken by the KMC in blatant violation of the chief minister's diktat to keep heritage zones free of commercial hoardings. The corporation plans to install monopoles - each 20 feet tall with an electronic hoarding (16 feet wide and eight feet tall) on either side - along the entire stretch of CR Avenue from Statesman House to Bagbazar and then extend it to the Shyambazar five-point crossing as part of a plan to beautify the median verge. Sixteen monopoles, which will be installed at a distance of 200 metres from each other, have already been sanctioned for the three-phase programme - the first from Victoria House to Mohammed Ali Park, the second on the stretch up to Durgacharan Mitra Street and the third till Shyambazar crossing. The heritage wealth of CR Avenue, like Victoria House, Mahajati Sadan, Calcutta Medical College and Girish Ghosh's residence, might be partially or entirely blocked from view once the monopoles are placed. Traffic experts also warned of an increased danger of accidents as the hoardings could cause problems for drivers, especially in the bumper-to-bumper traffic on CR Avenue all day.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, said the hoardings wouldn't obstruct the view of heritage buildings or make driving difficult. \"We have planned the hoardings along CR Avenue as part of the beautification of the street. The matter was discussed with the police and city planners. The hoardings will be erected at a certain height to ensure they don't cause problems for drivers,\" Chatterjee said.The KMC plans to rent out each hoarding for Rs 1,30,00000 for three years, an abrupt U-turn from the drive against hoardings last year. Soon after coming to power last May, Mamata Banerjee had asked mayor Sovan Chatterjee to remove hoardings in the area from BBD Bag to Park Circus as the stretch was declared a heritage zone by the state heritage commission. Urban experts, historians and city planners cheered the move. Just over a year later, the hand that brought them joy now threatens to snatch it away.Apart from CR Avenue, the 'beatification plan' - which will also widen median verges to three feet and lead to narrowing of thoroughfares without a plan to widen the flanks - will be cloned on Sarat Bose Road, Rashbehari Avenue (from Rashbehari-SP Mukherjee Road intersection to Chetla bridge), CIT Road, Suhrawardy Avenue and Sundari Mohan Avenue.The West Bengal Heritage Commission (WBHC) has the power to recommend the demolition of all \"illegal\" hoardings along the city's heritage zones, said Barun De, former WBHC chairman. Shuvaprasanna, the commission's current chairperson, said monopoles on CR Avenue weren't desirable, but added, \"Display of advertisements through hoardings is an integral part of city's beautification.\"Though the mayor said the police were in the loop, Dilip Adak, deputy commissioner (I) of Kolkata traffic police, said he wasn't aware of the plan. \"No commercial hoarding is allowed on the median verge of a major thoroughfare. We only allow hoardings that carry public awareness messages. I have to find out what the exact plan is, including that for hoardings along Chittaranjan Avenue, before I approve them,\" Adak said.Satyajit Majumder, general secretary of the Federation of West Bengal Truck Owners' Association, said the electronic hoardings would distract drivers. \"Nowhere in India are commercial advertisements displayed through electronic boards in the median verge of a major thoroughfare. It may distract drivers,\" he said.Former mayor Bikash Ranjan Bhattacharya criticized the Trinamool Congress-run civic body for sanctioning hoardings along the heritage zones. \"While on the one hand, the CM is talking tough against hoardings in heritage zones, the mayor is selling the city's space to hoarding agencies. This will not only flout the heritage rules but also cause road accidents,\" Bhattacharya said. KMC opposition leader Rupa Bagchi echoed his views.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15584113", "title": "Carjacking near busy mall", "text": "LUDHIANA: When Haibowal residents Rishu Kwatra and his wife left for a pleasant late evening drive to wrap up their Sunday, little did they know that they would be robbed of their car at gunpoint near a busy mall. Leaving the young couple traumatized, three masked men also snatched gold ornaments from them, before fleeing in their car.Police said 28-year-old Rishu and his wife, who were in their i20, had stopped their car near a mall on Ferozepur Road around 10.30pm Sunday night when a white Ford Fiesta suddenly halted in front of them. Rishu, a city-based hosiery businessman, said two men -- one of them turbaned -- got out of the car and waved their pistols at them. There was another person in the car, he added.A petrified Rishu said one of the masked men asked him to hand over the car keys to them, failing which he threatened to kill them. Fearing for his life, the 28-year-old reportedly gave the keys to the criminals. Rishu told police that the miscreants also snatched gold ornaments weighing 8 tola from his wife. \"Things happened so quickly that I did not know what to do,\" the victim told police.According to the police statement, the carjackers were around 25 years old and the two carrying the pistols jumped into Rishu's car and drove towards Mullanpur, with the third miscreant following in the Ford Fiesta. Rishu said he informed police and his cousin Bharat Bhushan about the incident. He claimed though his relative reached there immediately, police took 45 minutes to come. Angry at the delayed response, Rishu's family members blocked Ferozepur Road for 45 minutes, expressing their discontent. Bharat said they accompanied the police party to Jagraon side but could not find any clue of the criminals. Sarabha Nagar SHO Dharampal said they were investigating the matter but hadn't been able to find any major clue. Meanwhile, sketches of the miscreants were prepared and a case registered against unidentified persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583063", "title": "Smells fishy, eh? Blame it on ilish", "text": "Rain couldn't play spoilsport for those lovely enthusiastic ladies who were present at CRC in full force to take part in a cooking competition, High On Hilsa, organized by Calcutta Times that required them to prepare an ilish dish in just 40 minutes.The game was divided into three rounds \u2014 Bangladeshi, traditional and reinvented ilish. Each of them was judged by chefs and celebrities. RJ Sree of Radio Mirchi was there to egg the participants on.In the first round, Chef Subir Kumar Deb of Oh! Calcutta, actor Soumili Biswas, along with beauty expert Sharmila Singh Flora were there as judges. \"People are experimenting, preparing hilsa with less oil and spices. It's encouraging to see that,\" said Subir. Kajari Dutta prepared Ilish Maachher Tok. Ishita Bhattacharya made Bangldeshi Begun Ilisher Jhol, a recipe handed down to her by her mother in law. \"It's prepared with jeere bata and kalo jeere-phoron and is a Saraswati Puja special,\" said Ishita. The second round saw the ladies preparing hilsa based on traditional recipes. Chef Sushanta Sengupta of 6 Ballygunge Place, along with actors Bhaswar Chatterjee and Kanchana Moitra had a tough time to select the winners. \"Hilsa is a very delicate fish. So one should keep in mind the cooking time. The Bhapa Ilish should take a maximum of 12 minutes to cook,\" informed Sushanta. Bhaswar said that his mother is sure that he was a cat in his previous birth. \"I can't have any meal without fish\". Members of Calcutta Rowing Club took part in the third round. The best part? A lot of men participated in this round, something that drew a lot of applause. Chef Mayank Kulshreshtha of ITC Sonar, Kolkata, actor Manali Dey and singer Saptak Bhattacharya were the judges for this round. \"Ilish itself has its own taste and doesn't need much of marination. I want to see how participants kept their basics right and yet complemented the fish in an innovative way,\" said Mayank. Saptak, who started singing Ami shri shri Bhojohori Manna while tasting the ilish dishes, said, \"Such days should come more often in life when I can go on eating hilsa.\" Manali couldn't agree more. Each participant was happy to receive a gift and a certificate of participation from the judges. And the winners are... 1st round: Bangladeshi ilish1st : Ishita Bhattacharya2nd : Saheli Pal2nd round:Traditional ilish1st : Riku Santra 2nd : Mohua Ganguly 3rd round : Reinvented hilsa1st : Papri Manna2nd : Sarbari Saha", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578021", "title": "India, US set to ink $1.4bn deal for 22 Apache helicopters", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is getting ready to order 22 heavy-duty Apache helicopters for around $1.4 billion, in what will be yet another big defence deal to be bagged by the US.The US has already made military sales worth over $8 billion to India over the last few years, despite it having lost out to France in the almost $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to supply 126 fighters to IAF, which is in the final commercial negotiations stage.In the battle for the attack helicopters, Boeing's AH-64D Apache Longbow met all ASQRs (air staff qualitative requirements) during the extensive field trials conducted by the IAF, while the Russian Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant's Mi-28 Havoc failed to pass muster.\"It's just a matter of time before the contract is inked for the Apaches after final commercial negotiations. Most of the hurdles have been cleared,'' a defence ministry official said. The US and Russia are also locked in battle to supply 15 heavy-lift helicopters to IAF, with the Boeing-manufactured Chinooks pitted against the Russian Mi-26 choppers.As first reported by TOI earlier, Indian armed forces are looking to induct as many as 900 helicopters in the coming decade, including 384 light-utility and observation, 90 naval multi-role, 65 light combat, 22 heavy-duty attack, 139 medium-lift and 15 heavy-lift, among others, many of them from abroad.The impending $1.4 billion contract for the 22 Apaches will also include the supply of 812 AGM-114L-3 Hellfire Longbow missiles, 542 AGM-114R-3 Hellfire-II missiles, 245 Stinger Block I-92H missiles and 12 AN/APG-78 fire-control radars, as per the Barack Obama administration's notification to the US Congress.Among the other military aviation deals already bagged by the US are the $4.1 billion contract for 10 C-17 Globemaster-III strategic airlift aircraft, $2.1 billion for eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft and $962 million for six C-130J 'Super Hercules'' planes. Negotiations are now being finalized for acquiring six more C-130J as well as four more P-8I aircraft.US deputy secretary of defence Ashton B Carter, on his recent visit to India, had stressed that Washington wanted to be New Delhi's \"highest quality and most trusted long-term supplier of technology''. India had emerged as the second-largest FMS (foreign military sales) customer of the US in 2011 with imports worth $4.5 billion, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "15577042", "title": "Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams concedes special darshan for locals once a month", "text": "TIRUMALA: Following an outcry from the locals, Tirumala Tirupati Devasthanams (TTD) has decided to provide darshan to the locals of Tirupati and Tirumala once a month. They would be allowed darshan on any Tuesday for one hour except during the months of April and May when there would be a heavy influx of pilgrims.The announcement was made here on Monday after the executive board meeting. As the demand for special darshan has been pending for a long time, TTD had taken this decision to calm the frayed tempers of locals, sources said. The political leaders have been crying foul over the TTD's step-motherly treatment of locals when it came to providing Lord's darshan. \"The TTD has taken a wise decision,\" a local Subramanya Sharma said.The board stated the Rs 35.6-crore Nandakam guest house is all set to be inaugurated by President Pranab Mukherjee during his visit in September first week. All the gold coins under TTD custody for several years would now be displayed in the TTD museum at Tirumala soon, a board member said after the meeting.For the first time in the history of TTD, it was decided that audit objections should be brought to the notice of the board. \"From 2006 to 2009, it was found that there were 219 audit objections to the tune of Rs 18.48 lakh,\" executive officer LV Subramanyam said. It was never a practice in TTD that audit objections were brought to the board's notice.Meanwhile, the board has also decided to take up renovation works on Annaprasadam complexes, marriage halls and accommodation centres at major pilgrim centres like Annavaram, Basar, Bhadrachalam, Srikalahasti and Simhachalam.The board has agreed to set up 'vendi vakili' to Sri Kodanda Rama Swamy and Sri Govinda Raja Swamy temples in Tirupati apart from golden plating at Sri Padmavathi temple at Tiruchanoor. The sambhavana fee of Veda Pathashala teachers has also been hiked from Rs 9,000 to Rs 16,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578160", "title": "Two bodies found in Rohini Sec-25, man identified", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recovery of the bodies of a man and a woman within 500 metres from each another in Sector 25 of Rohini on Saturday has sent the cops in a tizzy. However, the cops claim that there is no link between the two deaths.\"While the male has been identified as one Pradeep, we are close to identifying the woman,\" said an investigating officer. Moreover, while the woman was found murdered, the man had allegedly committed suicide.The police said that Pradeep committed suicide by hanging himself. \"We found out from his parents that he was in depression. His motorcycle was also recovered from the spot. His parents too are convinced that he was not a victim of foul play. We have ruled out any relation between the two deaths,\" claimed an investigating officer.The police are now investigating the murder of the woman whom they say was strangulated. \"We have registered a murder case at Shahbad Dairy in this matter. The woman was dumped in Rohini in a car. It was her physical appearance that helped us in investigating the case. While she has a slight physical handicap on her right hand, she had a tattoo on her left that states 'AK married to MKD'. We have prepared posters of her dead body and circulated it in all neighbouring police stations. We will be able to crack the case soon,\" added the officer.Cops said they have also identified a mobile phone the victim was using and have taken out the call record details. Several people are being questioned in this regard.According to Delhi Police's figures, a staggering 37,463 bodies have been found since 2007, up from 24,416 counted till April last year. Of this, 24,769 could never be identified. The figures show that over 7,000 unidentified bodies are recovered in Delhi every year. Though police try to trace their family members, in most cases the bodies are never identified and they have to perform the last rites on government expenses. Out of 858 bodies recovered this year, the north district police have recovered 210 bodies and central district 104. Even Lutyen's Delhi saw recovery of 30 such bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15579509", "title": "Wet coal hits Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station generation", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Production in the Chandrapur Super Thermal Power Station has dropped to a low of 550MW due to wet and sticky coal. This mega power plant having installed generation capacity of 2340MW has not generated more 550MW in the last couple of days.Four out of seven generation units in the plant are offline, that had brought the generation down to 550MW. Officials claimed that unit no 3 with 210MW capacity and unit no. 6 with 500MW capacity are closed for yearly overhaul since July 30. Two more units went offline in the last couple of days, which led to collapse of the generation in the thermal power station.\"Unit no 4 (210MW capacity) went offline on Saturday following wet coal problem. Later unit no 5 (500MW capacity) went down on Sunday due to the same reason. We are working on war footing to rectify the problem and both the units are expected to restart by late Monday night,\" said PRO, CSTPS, MP Meshram. He pointed out that supply of wet coal mixed with soil and other extraneous material sticks into the feeder hoppers and coal mills, blocking the supply to the boiler and resulting in breakdown of the units.It rained heavily on Saturday and Sunday, and entire coal stock in the coal-handling yard of CSTPS was drenched. Moreover, supplies coming from the mines of WCL too is wet and sticky.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "keri", "code": "15579162", "title": "Navelim pollution under control", "text": "KERI: The situation in Navelim village in Bicholim taluka which saw a black powdery dust emanating from Sesa Goa's plants and entering houses creating panic, is under control after the company discontinued using high capacity burners at its metallurgical coke plant which is under expansion.Speaking to TOI on Monday, Sesa Goa associate general manager for safety Mahesh Mahajan said, \"Presently, we have stopped all nine burners. The mixed fire had generated soot. We have installed persons to monitor the situation. We strove hard to rectify the situation and have achieved success. The mixed fire was caused when we started commissioning the second battery of the coke oven plant.\"Sanquelim MLA Pramod Sawant said, \"Officials of Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) will visit the plant on Tuesday for an inspection.\" Board chairman Simon D'Souza said GSPCB would inquire into the matter.On Saturday, when thick black layers of powder had polluted food and water, upset villagers and sarpanch Gopinath Gauns informed the officials of the company of the problem.From P1Gauns said, \"The company officials are reckless and that is why our village got affected by pollutants. Our panchayat has taken a decision to fight pollution.\"In a statement Sesa Goa said commissioning of its metallurgical coke plant expansion is underway and heating of the second battery of coke ovens started on Thursday. As part of the initial steps of the heating process, the coke ovens are required to be pre-heated, as a one-time activity, before they are charged, the statement said adding that high capacity diesel burners are used for pre-heating.On Friday at around 7pm, an \"unexpected misfiring\" in two high capacity diesel burners resulted in the generation of soot, which dispersed into the atmosphere, Sesa Goa said. \"Immediately, the burners were set right and the process was continued. However, despite precautions, two burners misfired again at around 11pm on Saturday\", it said.The company also said that \"to ensure that no further inconvenience\" is caused to people or property, it discontinued further use of all high capacity burners.In March 2010, GSPCB had given consent to Sesa for establishing a mini blast furnace, sinter plant, coke oven for manufacture of met coke and waste heat recovery boiler for generation of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584327", "title": "'Lack of incentives spoiling NCC draw'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The lack of incentives from state governments of northeastern states for National Cadet Corps (NCC) is discouraging youths of the region from joining the NCC, said NCC deputy director general for northeastern region, Brigadier Vijay Sagar Dheman.Attending the annual training camp of the 50 Air Wing of the NCC at Umroi army cantonment in Meghalaya on Sunday, Dheman told the media that the state governments of the northeastern states should start giving incentives to the NCC cadets so that the NCC training helps them in getting government jobs.\"In other states, the governments give priority to the NCC 'C' certificate holders by securing quotas for them in various government services. However, this is not the case in the northeast; in the northeast, the NCC cadets are given priority only in army,\" said Dheman.He added that without incentives from state governments, NCC cannot flourish in the region. \"Our aim is not only to prepare the youths to join defense services, but to make them ready to serve the nation. In other states, NCC cadets are given priority in medical, engineering and police services so youths come forward to join the NCC,\" he said.Camp commander of the annual training camp, wing commander Pankaj Chopra was happy to see students from top city colleges like Cotton College along with students from rural areas. \"We hope the integration of the students from urban areas with those from rural parts of the state will change the mindsets of the students from those areas, which are lagging behind in all sides,\" Chopra said.He was hopeful that participation of students from prestigious institutions like Cotton College have encouraged the 50 Air Wing of the NCC. A total 506 cadets of NCC from the states of Assam , Manipur and Nagaland took part in the annual training camp this year, which is going on at Umroi army cantonment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15584168", "title": "Tiger is back in its den, says forest dept", "text": "MYSORE: The tiger that caused panic after it entered the human habitat bordering Nagarahole national park has slipped back into the woods in the early hours of Monday, forest department officials have said.Though the big cat has left, the forest department is not taking any chance. It has kept the cage at the site where it hid even as the villagers remain a worried lot. tnn The officials have asked them to be cautious but are not thinking of any relocation plan, something which the wildlife experts have also endorsed.Though the exact age of the tiger has not been ascertained by officials, they believe it is past its prime. The age has been estimated going by the tiger's behaviour - after attacking cattle, it returned to the same area within 48 hours. Officials believe that the cat is old causing it to come out of forest cover in search of easy prey on the fringes of the forest in Dasanapura, 50 km from Mysore. A field level staff said they have plans to nab the tiger if it resurfaces in the human habitat.Speaking with TOI, B J Hosamath, additional principal conservator of forests said, \"We are hoping it will not surface.\" Asked whether they have plans to catch the tiger, he said: \"Why should we? There is no need. The cat has walked back into its den and we hope it'll not get back again.\" Tiger expert Samba Kumar of Bangalore-based Centre for Wildlife Studies (CWS) said Nagarahole has one of the highest densities of tiger population in India.The productive population is also high. According to our studies, there are 12 tigers per 100 sq km, he said. Territorial issues could have pushed the tiger to come out of the forested area, the expert who is associated with noted tiger biologist Ullas Karanth-led CWS, said. The forest department should adopt scientific means like camera trapping to get images of the tiger that has wandered out of the woods. Based on the details, we can conclude its age and behaviour, he explained.Experts said that for a healthy prey-predator base, Nagarahole's 643 sq km is not sufficient for the tiger population. They said unless the age of the tiger is established well beyond doubt, it is difficult to predict why it came into human habitation. The tiger could either be an aged one or a young one trying to establish its territory. A wildlife activist, who has worked in Nagarahole and Bandipur tiger reserves, said it is difficult to predict the age of the cats by looking at them. Experts point out not long ago a tiger that had continuously attacked cattle in and around Sunkadakatte in Nagarahole was believed to be old. But when it was finally trapped, it was revealed that it was two years old after the details were run through the CWS database. Later it was relocated to Bhadra Wildlife Sanctuary. Four years ago, however, one aged tiger was found attacking cattle in Kutta in Kodagu.CWS says Nagarahole a high density of tiger population, at 12 tigers/100 sq km Forest officials estimate the tiger that entered human habitat is an aged one, going by behaviour pattern Experts say Nagarahole's 643 sq km is not sufficient for the tiger population Department has stymied any relocation plan for the tiger track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579330", "title": "Ignorance about abortion being legal adds to maternal mortality rate", "text": "PATNA: Only 25% of Bihari women know that abortion is legally valid. According to a survey, around 5.8 lakh induced abortions are conducted in Bihar every year, majority of which are performed outside the recognized government centres. This contributes significantly to maternal mortality rate (MMR) in the state, which currently stands at 261/10,000, much higher than the national average of 212.Several factors contribute to the state women opting for abortion outside the accredited abortion centres. They include absence of competent health professionals in rural areas and high abortion cost at big hospitals in the cities.There is an urgent need to check unsafe abortions, with provision of safe abortion at affordable price, said health secretary Sanjay Kumar. He said the first step towards this is to make both the women and the community at large aware about the legality of abortions.He said the state government has already initiated measures in this regard by granting accreditation to private hospitals which, during the first three months of conception, provide free abortion as well as redressing complexities arising post-abortion. This would help in more and more such centres coming forward for providing safe abortion and enhancing the services offered by them, Kumar said, adding the move would also help in containing the cost of abortion. Kumar said till January this year, 124 health institutes have applied for being attached to this scheme. Three such centres have already been given accreditation, he added.The state health department has identified 16 priority areas to streamline health scenario in the state and bring down the MMR below the national average in the next five years. Incidentally, to reduce MMR, which is alarmingly high in the state, the state government had declared 2011 as 'Safe Motherhood Year'.To bring down the MMR, the government has taken measures like increasing institutional deliveries (IDs), appointment of women health workers such as Mamta in government hospitals across the state for better care of mother and child, and launching of 'Yukti Yojana' for providing accreditation to private institutions to provide proper facilities for monitoring of pregnancy and ensuring safe delivery, said Kumar.He said during the last five years, the state has registered phenomenal increase in IDs, as 13.83 lakh IDs were performed at government hospitals in 2010-11, against a meagre 1.17 lakh in 2004-05. However, only around 40% of women in the age group of 15-34 still go for institutional delivery in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15583389", "title": "Haryana to expand city bus service", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After the success of city bus service in Gurgaon, Faridabad and Panchkula, Haryana Roadways has a plan to launch city bus service in two more cities of Rohtak and Hisar.Director General State Transport, Arun Kumar said that later on the city operations would also be expanded in other towns of the state.He said that city bus service, which was launched in May this year in Gurgaon and Faridabad, has been a huge success. In Gurgaon, about 55 to 60 buses were being plied in two shifts from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. whereas in Faridabad, about 90 to 95 buses were running in two shifts.While in Gurgaon, Haryana Roadways was carrying about 60,000 city passengers every day in Faridabad it was catering to the need of about 80,000 to 90,000 city passengers. Even the receipt had been reasonably good and was comparable with Inter district or Inter State operations.In its city fleet in Gurgaon and Faridabad, Haryana Roadways is using semi low floor, low floor and a specially designed ordinary bus meant for city operation. The specially designed bus, which provides ample space for standing and better comfort, has also been introduced between Panchkula and Chandigarh. At present 12 such standard buses are plying between Panchkula and Chandigarh and 10 more would soon be inducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578152", "title": "Vegetable gardens fail to take root", "text": "KOCHI: Had 'Grow your own vegetable' project been a success, Kochi would have been self-sufficient in vegetable production during this Onam season.But as city residents remained reluctant to take part in the project, home-grown pesticide-free vegetables would remain out of their reach.Better Kochi Response Group (BKRG), an NGO which took the initiative to launch the project, had planned to supply saplings to 10,000 houses. However, only 3000 households came forward to associate with the plan.\"We had even offered to replace unhealthy saplings. Despite introducing such measures, people did not come forward to buy seedlings,\" said S Gopakumar, president, BKRG. He said that the organisation would continue its efforts to popularize the programme.It is also pointed out that the project failed to take off as it was introduced during monsoon. The Ernakulam District Residents Association Apex Council had taken up the task of educating people in managing rooftop vegetable gardens without using harmful chemicals.\"It will take time to convince people and ensure their active involvement,\" said association president Rangadasa Prabhu.The project was carried out with the support of residents associations, the Kerala Horticulture Mission (KHM) and Vegetable and Fruits Promotion Council of Kerala. It was planned to provide two lakh vegetable saplings.The Centre had sanctioned Rs 12 crore for KHM and a part of the fund is being utilised for vegetable cultivation in Kochi.As part of the efforts to improve the quality of seedlings, BKRG has decided to rope in Kerala Agriculture University and provide an opportunity for private agencies to supply saplings.The seedlings planted in UV-treated bags are being supplied through residents associations.Earlier, each house was given 20 bags planted with seedlings and later this was increased to 30. These were provided at a subsidised rate of Rs 800.\"Now, we have taken a decision to bring down the rate to Rs 400. We will provide 20 bags of saplings, but the residents will have to buy the manure which was earlier provided free of cost,\" said Gopakumar.An NGO which took the initiative to launch the project, stated that contrary to the plan to provide saplings to 10,000 houses, only 3,000 households came forward to buy them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578189", "title": "Wet week ahead as North India sees rain revival", "text": "NEW DELHI: Monday's rain in many parts of the city may well have set the tone for the next few days. Northwest India is expected to see a revival of the monsoon this week, with the Met office predicting widespread rain in the region till Thursday and sporadic showers for the rest of the week.Northwest India has had the maximum rain deficit this monsoon, with a current shortfall of 25% as opposed to 16% for the country. In Punjab, Haryana and Delhi - the worst-hit states - the deficit is around 65%.On Monday, several areas in the city reported heavy showers, although in some places there was just a light drizzle or no rain at all. At Safdarjung, it had rained 2.3mm in 24 hours till 8.30am, which went up by 22mm by 5.30 pm. The heaviest rain was recorded at Narela (58mm rain), followed by Mungeshpur (21mm) and Lodhi Road (14.2mm).\"Rain started in the early afternoon, preceded and followed by intense humidity ranging between 70% and 98%. It wasn't evenly distributed as some places saw no rain at all though humidity was high all across. The maximum temperature on Monday was 33.3 degrees Celsius while the minimum was 27.4 degrees, one degree above normal,\" said a Met official.Monday's showers in many parts of the city were followed by waterlogging and traffic jams in some areas. \"The stretch in front of the NCERT office was completely jammed as the road on both sides was half under water. It took us more than 30 minutes to cross the stretch. I was on my way to the Nizamuddin station and when I reached there, I was told that it had not rained there at all by then,\" said Abhijit Basu, a lawyer.\"A low pressure area exists over the northeast and Madhya Pradesh which will be moving in a west, northwesterly direction soon. Simultaneously, a western disturbance is also affecting the western Himalayan region. An interaction between these two systems will bring widespread heavy rain %over north and central India for %the next three days,\" said R C Vashisth, director, IMD.Met officials said rain and thundershowers are expected in most places in the western Himalayan region and at many places in Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi and Bihar till Thursday. Subsequently, till the end of the week, rainfall activity will shift to the western Himalayan region but the plains will continue to see cloudy weather and sporadic light to heavy showers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15577352", "title": "It's tough for pacers here, but we're set: Tim Southee", "text": "HYDERABAD: The slow and low wickets in the sub-continent have often proved to be the graveyard for fast bowlers. Very few speedsters have succeeded in doing well in India and make life difficult for the Indian batsmen.Hence, every time a touring side comes to India the pacers know that they have their task cut out. New Zealand's right-arm swing bowler Tim Southee has no illusions about the toil that is ahead of him.\"The conditions are different here from New Zealand but we are coming from the Caribbean where we played on slower wickets which tend to keep low. I think it will be more or less similar here and hence we are confident of putting up a good show,\" he said.\"The conditions are different and it is tough bowling in the sub-continent. One has to work harder to get the required result on flat wickets. Hence, how we prepare will make all the difference\" said Southee.An aggressive bowler, Southee loves to bowl at a brisk pace but he knows that apart from the conditions here it is never easy bowling to the Indians. Though India will be without Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman , Southee said that the hosts have enough talent to fill the gap.\"India have a very good batting line-up and it is not easy to target a particular batsman as all of them are equally good. Though they will surely miss Dravid and Laxman the Indians have enough talented batsmen to replace them. It will be difficult to bowl to the Indian batsmen in these conditions as they are good at grinding down an attack,\" the 23-year-old Southee, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579405", "title": "Nagpur University exam forms being sold on streets", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University, already buffeted by paper leaks and scams, faced fresh one when a vendor was found illegally selling NU exam forms in front of university library in Ramdaspeth to gullible students, that at higher price.The vendor, SD Form Centre, sits in front of NU library and sells a form at Rs15-Rs20 against the normal price of Rs10. He confirmed to TOI that he had purchased forms in bulk from one Bhushan Book Store in Sitabuldi and sold them to students who come to NU library. According to him, it saves students from paying high parking charges inside NU library premises. He defended his action to sell forms at higher rates as students otherwise would have to travel all the way to NU Exam Section on Amravati Road for purchasing the forms. \"These forms are available at many bookstores as well as with many vendors, and there is nothing wrong,\" he said.Controller of Examinations (CoE) Siddharth Kane, however, clarified it was illegal to sell exam forms by the vendors and assured to look into the issue. \"Exams forms can be sold either by college or through university Exam Section only. It is illegal to sell forms on roads and I advise students not to buy from such places,\" he said.Management Council member Dinesh Agrawal termed the situation \"alarming\". \"The university and its 5 lakh students are suffering because of such lethargy of NU administration. The forms which should be available only in college or NU offices are being sold on street, that too in front of NU library, and no one bothers to check,\" he said.Citing examples of Agnihotri college's racket in Wardha and duping of students by Bhandara's Shivaji Science College, the former engineering dean stated that such laxity had led to scams and invited ignominy for the university. \"The exam form also contains a roll number form. In Bhandara's case, the clerk who had provided fake roll numbers to the students and conducted fake examination must have taken advantage of such loopholes,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578502", "title": "Over 46k errant bikers among 1 lakh booked this year", "text": "NASHIK: The city traffic department recently recorded a record number of cases against errant motorists. The number of cases has already crossed the one lakh margin this year, out of which 46,000 cases were against two-wheeler drivers alone. Auto drivers, cab drivers and drivers of tourist buses and other heavy vehicles are also included in the one lakh figure. City police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that it was his department's endeavour to ensure smooth traffic on city roads.The traffic police recorded 1,34,000 cases against errant motorists till August 17 for breaking different traffic rules. With an average of 13,336 cases every month, the traffic department this year has well surpassed last year's average of 9,172 cases per month. By this time last year, the number of cases recorded was 68,790- which shows that the number of cases shot up by by 31,244 this year. As per official figures, in 2009, the total number of cases was 37,665. In 2010, the cases jumped by 54%, taking the figure to 58,296. In 2011, the number of cases increased by 88% totalling 1.10 lakh. However, 2012 will see an all-time high if an average of over 13,000 cases are recorded every month.While 1.34 lakh erring motorists were booked by August 17, traffic cops have also collected a fine of Rs 1.23 crore, a lakh more than what was collected by the end of last year. In 2011, the total amount of fine collected was Rs 1.22 crore.The maximum cases this year have been against motorcycle drivers. Of the total, 46,954 cases have been against two wheeler drivers alone, followed by auto rickshaw drivers with 27,715 cases.Traffic cops said that until August 17, errant bikers booked for violating traffic norms coughed up Rs 54.05 lakh as fine. Auto rickshaw drivers added over Rs 37 lakh. Over 13,000 four wheeler drivers were also booked and Rs 14.96 lakh was collected as fine from them. Among others, 6,012 cabbies were slapped with a fine of Rs 7.96 lakh, 360 tourist bus drivers were fined with Rs 58,900 and other drivers of 5,816 heavy vehicles paid Rs 8.91 lakh.Sarangal said, \"Our endeavour is to ensure a smooth traffic flow in the city. The traffic cops are working towards the same. The effect will of course be visible in the near future.\"He further said that the focus of the police would be to ensure that roads are not chaotic and that the number of accidents should come down. He added that vehicles used for different crimes must be detected.Sarangal said that recently his department, along with the regional transport officer, cracked down on vehicles with \"fancy\" number plates. \"Vehicles with fancy number plates were found to be involved with crimes like chain snatching. We want to curb this,\" he said.Assistant commissioner of police Sanjeev Thakur of the traffic department said that while two-wheeler drivers were booked for driving triple seats, without licence and documents and were caught for rash driving, action against tinted windows on four-wheelers was also initiated.Thakur added that police officials and employees of all the police stations in the city also contributed to book as many errant motorists through continuous naka bandis and combing operations that were taken up under the guidance of Commissioner Sarangal.Traffic officials also said that had they sufficient towing vehicles with them, the action against motorists could have also resulted in better driving conditions on the city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579808", "title": "National Chemical Laboratory scientist develops gel-based photo detector", "text": "PUNE: A scientist at the National Chemical Laboratory (NCL) has developed a gel-based photo detector which is used in telescopes, cameras, rockets and missiles, among others, to absorb ultraviolet (UV) rays, thus improving the visibility of the objects being viewed.The scientist and his team have claimed that this photo detector is thousand times more effective than the conventional method of using only zinc oxide. They said that adding a thin layer of the water-based gel to the zinc oxide helps improve its efficiency. At present, nano wires of zinc oxide are placed in telescopes and other equipment to absorb the UV rays.Satish Ogale, the NCL scientist who lead this research, said, \"The sensitivity of zinc oxide nano wires is rather low and response is slower than desired.\"Hence, Ogale teamed up with his students Lily Mandal and others and prepared a water-based gel (exactly like jelly that is made for dessert) and placed it on the zinc oxide nano wires. \"As a result, the efficiency of the photo detector enhanced dramatically and it also responded much faster than it would to the previous method of using only zinc oxide wires,\" he said.The development assumes great importance especially in astronomical observations as the photo detector can now attract intense UV rays in space which will lead to more accurate reading of the stars.Mandal said, \"These UV photo detectors are also used to detect pollution levels. The photo detector can also absorb pollutants such as sulphur dioxide, nitrous oxides and ozone which come in the range of UV rays.\"According to Ogale, \"The specific functionality of the interface between an inorganic solid (zinc oxide) and a gel, which is mostly water, is responsible for these unique and novel features\".The development was recently published in the renowned international journal 'Advanced Materials' which is respected for its impact factor and broad readership world-wide.Other areas where the UV photo detectors are relevant include flame sensors such as fire alarm systems, missile plume detection, combustion engine control as well as spatial optical communications that include intra- and inter-satellite secured communications.Besides, UV photo detectors are also applied in areas such as biological and chemical sensors for ozone detection, determination of pollution levels in air, detection of biological agents, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578487", "title": "25% RTE reservation rule sees shoddy performance in schools", "text": "NASHIK: The state's mandatory rule of 25% admission reservation for economically backward students in schools, under the Right to Education Act (RTE) has failed to garner satisfactory results. Education department officials have claimed that the poor implementation is due to a delay in receiving the notice. According to the Supreme Court's (SC) orders all schools, with the exception of unaided minority institutes, will have to reserve 25% of entry-level school admission seats with free and compulsory education for economically weaker section (EWS) and socially disadvantaged group (SDG) students in the age group of 6-14 years under the RTE Act.\"We informed the schools in June but none has been able to fill the stipulated target of 25%students,\" said education officer of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Nitin Upasani. \"We had advertised the RTE requirement in June in newspapers announcing that the 25% reservation rule was applicable in government, local authority schools and private schools ,\" said Upasani.He said that parents of students wanting to avail of the reservation were informed to give an application form to the NMC education department and one copy of the application to the school, but the department did not receive any applications. \"Six schools in the city have admitted students of economically weaker sections this year,\" he said.School authorities of St Francis High School said that they have also tried to admit students of economically weaker and socially disadvantages sections even though the rule is not applicable to the school since it is a minority-run school. Father Diego Nunes, principal of Don Bosco School which has admitted the maximum number of EWS students in the city said that though they have not been able to reach the 25% target, they have tried their best.\"The rule was declared in December and we were notified about implementing it in June. School admissions begin in February-March. Next year, the picture will be better. In December, we will put up an advertisement in the newspapers through the government,\" said Upasani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kurnool", "code": "15577078", "title": "Karnataka ryots shut Tungabhadra canal doors on Kurnool", "text": "KURNOOL: With tension in the AP-Karnataka border escalating on Monday after farmers of the neighbouring state repeatedly closing the gates of Tungabhadra Lower Level Canal (LLC) feeding water to Kurnool district, an exasperated state government has called for a joint vigil to stop unauthorised diversion of water.T G Venkatesh, minister for minor irrigation, and Erasu Pratap Reddy, minister for law, appealed to the Karnataka government to rein in the farmers and maintain vigil to prevent the diversion of canal water. \"We would impress upon chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to write to his Karnataka counterpart Jagadish Shettar on the issue. We hope the Karnataka government would respond positively,\" Venkatesh told TOI.Tension prevailed on the border village of Moka on Sunday when the farmers of Karnataka closed the regulators of LLC diverting the water to their part of land. While they had closed three of the six gates on Sunday leaving the Kurnool farmers fuming, they closed two more gates on Monday. This prompted the Karnataka police to intervene and open the sluice gates.\"The farmers of the neighbouring state were unruly. We had to request the Bellary district collector for his intervention. He obliged and the Karnataka police responded immediately to maintain order,\" said Sudarshan Reddy, district collector of Kurnool.Since the canal runs through the border areas of both the states, vigilance cannot be maintained without seeking the consent of the Karnataka government. \"That's why we are asking for a joint vigilance,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "15579506", "title": "Cops seize 6 quintals of opium, arrest man", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Ghugus police have busted a major drug racket and seized around six quintals of Doda opium powder from a warehouse in Chandrapur town. Cops have arrested an accused and are set to arrest another man in the case.Ghugus police stumbled upon the drug racket on Saturday, when they intercepted one Ajitsingh alias Sukhiram Gill, traveling on his bike in Padoli. Cops recovered 5 kg of opium powder from his possession and arrested him under Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) 1985. Gill, along with his brother Dukhiram, runs a dhaba in Padoli. Cops obtained his PCR till August 21. During interrogation, Gill spilled the beans and revealed that he had bought the opium powder from a trader named Kahade, who has a shop and warehouse in Gol Bazar in Chandrapur.A team of cops led by probationary deputy SP Dheeraj Patil raided a warehouse above Kahale Collection, a clothes shop, in Gol Bazar on Sunday evening. The market is close to city police station. Cops seized around 581 kg of opium powder worth around Rs 6 lakh kept in over a dozen gunny bags on the first floor of the shop. LCB team also actively participated in the raid.Cops claimed that M/s Kahale and Sons have license to keep and sell opium powder. However, they cannot sell more than 400 gm to a customer. \"We had recovered around 5 kg of opium powder from accused Gill, who had claimed to have procured it from Kahale. Offence under relevant section of NDPS Act has been registered against Kahale, but he cannot be arrested as he was admitted in the hospital,\" said deputy SP Patil, who is investigating officer into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15584765", "title": "Obama cancelled 3 kill Laden missions until Clinton stepped in", "text": "LONDON: US President Barack Obama put off three times operations to kill world's most dreaded terrorist Osama bin Laden before finally going ahead with the mission at the insistence of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a new book has claimed.Citing unnamed sources within the joint operations command, Rich Miniter, a former 'Wall Street Journal' and 'Washington Times' reporter, claims that three 'kill' missions were called off by Obama in January, February and March 2011.Bin Laden was killed by US Navy SEALs inside his compound in Abbottabad, Pakistan in May 2011.The president feared that the daring Navy SEALs operation to raid bin Laden's Pakistani hideout in Abbottabad \"might go tragically wrong\" and he would be blamed for it, the Mail Online reported claiming it had viewed excerpts of the book 'Leading from Behind: The Reluctant President and the Advisors Who Decide for Him'.The book, which is slated for released today, claims that the White House's carefully-crafted narrative of Obama as a decisive leader who sanctioned the killing of the al-Qaida supremo was a \"myth\" and challenges a key element of Obama's re-election bid - that his decision to kill Osama symbolises his resolute leadership.At the start of his presidency, Miniter writes, Obama was \"studiously undecided\" about whether to kill the mastermind of 9/11. \"He refused to weigh in or commit himself on even small matters related to a possible strike on bin Laden.\"\"Obama was often disengaged as the bin Laden operation took shape, he left critical decisions to the then-CIA Director Leon Panetta , then-Secretary of Defence Robert Gates and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton,\" the book says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "15584879", "title": "CSA lauds Hashim Amla, Vernon Philander for helping South Africa become No.1 Test side", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricket South Africa (CSA) has lauded top-order batsman Hashim Amla and bowling all-rounder Vernon Philander for their superlative effort, which saw the Proteas dethrone England from the top of the ICC Test ranking.Greame Smith-led South Africa won the final Test match against England by 51 runs at the Lords last night to clinch the three-match series 2-0 to not only retain the prestigious Basil D'Oliveira Trophy but also claimed the No.1 Test spot.The series win, second on the trot for the visitors in England, saw South Africa overcome the English supremacy with a total of 120 ranking points.England with 117 points have been pushed to the second spot, while Australia are at No. 3 with 116 points.\"The match was a personal triumph for virtually every member of the Proteas' starting XI but Hashim Amla had to stand out for his century as did Vernon Philander who made 96 invaluable runs as a No. 8 batsman over the two innings and returned with the figures of 5/30,\" CSA said in a statement.Amla scored a 121 runs in South Africa's second innings to set up a difficult target of 346 for England before Philander picked his seventh five-wicket haul in less than a year of Test cricket to see his side get to the top.In the pursuit the right-arm medium pacer also etched his name on the famous Honour's Board.Philander has taken 39 wickets in the current calendar year, which is just one less than the leader, Stuart Broad of England.The Proteas, however, would have a difficult task at hands, defending their No 1 position when they travel to Australia in November for a three-match Test series, followed by a home series against New Zealand and Pakistan .\"The entire squad, including all the players and team management, deserve every accolade they will undoubtedly receive,\" CSA acting CEO, Jacques Faul, said after the match.Faul in particular lauded head coach Gary Kirsten for his calm and serene impact on the team.\"What has been particularly impressive has been the way they have performed when the pressure has been at its most extreme and this is a tribute to head coach Gary Kirsten and his assistants for the coolness under pressure they have brought to the squad.\"That coolness was a feature of Gary's own career and he has worked wonders in his first year in charge,\" he added.The memorable final Test at the Lords also marked a historic outing for the skipper Smith, who turned out to lead SA for a world record 94th time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578251", "title": "Flower sale dips this season too", "text": "KOCHI: Malayalis used to welcome Onam with beautifully laid out pookkalams (flower carpet). But there has been a steady decline in demand for flowers during the last couple of years. No wonder, even on the eve of atham, most of the flower shops in the city looked a little dull.\"In the past we were finding it really difficult to manage the rush in shops and demand was much more than supply. But this year, until evening no one has come to the shop to buy flowers. Earlier people used to come for flowers during all 10 days, from atham to thiruvonam,\" said, K K Venu who runs Fashion Flower Mart in the city. \"But nowadays people buy flowers only for thiruvonam.Many of the flower merchants in the city used to sell around 100 flower bags, each bag weighing about 50 kg, everyday during Onam, till a couple of years ago. But last year, they could sell only one or two bags per day. \"Now only those who take part in competitions organized in offices and by clubs buy flowers,\" said Sasi A M of Madhava Flowers. \"Earlier, I used to employ two or three helpers during Onam, but now I can manage the shop with the help of my wife,\" he said. Meanwhile, unlike past there is enough supply of flowers now. Flowers arrive mainly from Bangalore, Madurai, Coimbatore and Dindikal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579134", "title": "Groping in the dark", "text": "COIMBATORE: Coimbatore rural police are still groping in the dark in seven murder cases that took place from January to August 2012. The police have formed various special teams to nab the culprits. But they are yet to crack the brutal crime cases.C Hemaraj (26) of Nepal , a private security guard at a textile mill owner's house in Karumathampatti, was stabbed to death when he attempted to chase two burglars away on March 17. The culprits were two masked people hiding in a toilet behind the mill owner's house. A CCTV had captured the two suspects with a knife and chatting with each other. Unfortunately, it did not capture the murder incident. \"Two masked men murdered private security guard Hemaraj. As they were wearing masks and gloves, we could not trace them. A special team is on the case,\"said E S Uma, superintendent of police, Coimbatore.In another case, M Pathimuthu (55), was reportedly tied up and strangled to death by unidentified men inside her residence near Sirumugai on April 19. The assailants decamped with a seven and a half sovereign gold chain which the victim was wearing. Police suspect the culprits to be locals, who knew the family well.A 75-year-old man, A Krishanasamy from M Pappampatti, was stabbed to death and his wife K Kamalathal, 70, sustained stab injuries at their residence when the couple refused to part with their gold jewels on July 2, 2012. The burglars stabbed him several times in his abdomen, chest and thighs, while his wife was stabbed twice. Karumathampatti police are yet to crack the case.In the fourth case, the mangled body of an unidentified man was found in a stream in the Thirumalar forest area in Govanur on April 23, 2012. Wild animals had already fed upon most of the flesh. Perianaickenpalayam police suspect that the man may have been killed more than five days ago. His skull was seen about 200 meters away from where the body was found. A burnt shirt and lungi indicate that it is a male body. Police suspect the culprits burned the body using petrol, before dumping it in the stream. Unable to identify the victim, police are yet to crack the case.In the fifth case, a 30-year-old woman was found murdered and wrapped in a gunny bag at a deserted place in Madukkarai on June 29, 2012. Coimbatore rural police is yet to identify the victim, despite having sent her picture to all police stations across the state. Police suspect she was kidnapped from elsewhere and dumped in Madukkarai. Police confirmed that the woman was strangled to death. \"It is difficult to identify the victim as she is not from the locality where she was found murdered,\" said Uma.In the sixth case, a 50-year-old woman, Kaliammal, was murdered by unknown persons two months ago at Pillur. \"More than 50 persons who knew the deceased were interrogated. But we are yet to get vital clues,\" said SP Uma.Fifty-year-old V Sasikumar from Sivanandapuram, a manager at a private aluminum products manufacturing firm, was found murdered on Nagarajapuram-Perur Road on the outskirts of the city on August 16. Police suspect that he was kidnapped and murdered by a gang. He was stabbed on his neck and abdomen. His wig had been removed and his mobile phone was found near the crime scene. His bike was nowhere to be found.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15578412", "title": "Dindigul dam to be desilted after 50 years", "text": "MADURAI: The Athoor Kamarajar dam in Dindigul district, which was constructed about 60 years back, will be desilted after a gap of nearly 50 years. The desilting work is estimated to cost Rs 24 crore, according to state minister Natham Viswanathan, who visited the site along with officials on Sunday.This dam is instrumental in supplying drinking water to Dindigul town, Chinnalapatti, Sithaiyankottai and also seven villages in this district. It is spread over an area of 1.29 sq km and is envisaged to supply 9.60 MLD of water to these places. However, silt and encroachments on its banks have reduced the output to a mere five MLD. Water from the Western Ghats, flows into this dam and paddy is cultivated in Athoor and surrounding areas using this water.The Dindigul district administration sent an estimate report to the tune of Rs 24 crore, for desilting the inflow channels to the dam and carrying out other activities, including removal of overgrown bushes, beautifying and strengthening the bund and putting up solar lamps around the tank area. Pipelines that were laid 50 years ago have also corroded and they are to be replaced to a distance of 20 km. the report said.Nagaraj, a farmer said that this would really be a boon to the people and the farmers of the region. \"Water from this dam, is special because it flows down the hilly terrain and is tasty too,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15577517", "title": "Major revamp of roads planned after monsoon", "text": "NOIDA: After the monsoons recede, the Noida Authority has planned a facelift for the city's road network. An extensive road resurfacing, widening and strengthening drive estimated to cost Rs 20 crore will be undertaken for which tenders have been floated.The bids will be announced on August 31 after which the revamp work will start.The decision of Noida Authority comes in the wake of motorists having a tough time on major roads like Master Plan Road-I, II and Udyog Marg as they were not repaired in time. These roads were dug up just before the monsoon hit the region. Roads have been left badly pockmarked with rough patches. Many arterial routes have worsened with cave-ins proving to be hazardous for road users.The Authority expresses its inability to repair potholes during monsoon as repair work gets washed away. \"We try and repair the roads temporarily by filling the potholes, but after heavy rains the material starts coming off. Permanent repairs and resurfacing can only be done after the monsoon recedes,\" said AK Goel, chief maintenance engineer (civil).\"This first phase will start in September. This restoration will be completed within one to three months. But carpeting of the rest of the roads, including sector roads, is a continuous process and will be resumed after the monsoon,\" added Goel.Resurfacing of the road leading from Delhi to Sector 1, Indian Oil Building to Jhundpura and Udyog Marg will cost Rs 7.5 crore. The tender for this was approved earlier. The roads of Sector 7 measuring nearly 5km will cost Rs 8.89 crore. Roads of Sectors 63A and 63 will cost Rs 6.89 crore and Rs 1.42 crore, respectively. The cost of repairing the stretch between Sectors 70 and 71 is estimated at Rs 1.99 crore, said an officer of the maintenance department.Authority officials say, as per Master Plan 2031, the width of roads in Noida has to be increased from 30m to 45m.As per IIT-Roorkee recommendations for Udyog Marg, the road will also be concretized and strengthened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15578972", "title": "Decks cleared for Angadippuram railway over bridge", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state government will soon start work on the railway over bridge (ROB) at Angadippuram on the National Highway 213 which is expected to put an end to the traffic congestion at the railway gate here.The ministry of road transport and highways (MRTH) has approved the project recently.Minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhi Ali, who represents the Perinthalmanna assembly constituency, told TOI that the formal communication regarding the approval from transport ministry is expected within two days and the government will start the procedures to begin the work as soon as possible.The project has been awaiting the ministry's nod for the last three months. The Roads and Bridges Development Corporation (RBDC) has already submitted a detailed project report (DPR) for the proposed ROB to the state government.The DPR of the two-lane ROB was prepared by KITCO, after a survey by a joint team of revenue department and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) officials, amidst protest from some sections of people. KITCO submitted DPR to RBDC and finalised design, before submitting to PWD.Minister said as there is no need of land acquisition for the construction of the ROB and the work can begin soon. \"Protests by some local traders in the area will not affect the progress of the work. We will go ahead with the project as it was a long-pending demand of the public,\" he said.The minister blamed the land mafia for the protest against the ROB. The government will not step back from the move. The estimated cost of the project is Rs 12 crore and the work would be completed using state government funds.The protesters had demanded that the government withdraw from the ROB project as it would adversely affect the flyover-cum-bypass project, to come up at Manathu Mangalam, a few kilometres away from Angadippuram.Meanwhile, the minister said the government will not drop the flyover-cum-bypass project and work on the project would also commence soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15585325", "title": "Malayalam actress for Shiva", "text": "The remake of Thillu Mullu is getting bigger day by day. While it is old news that Tamizh Padam Shiva will be playing the role played by Superstar Rajinikanth , the team has signed on upcoming Malayalam actress Isha Talwar, who made quite an impression with the blockbuster Thattathin Marayathu.The man for all seasons, Prakash Raj, has been cast to play the all-important role of Shiva's boss, which was played by the late Thengai Srinivsan in the original.And, to top this, the film will see hotshot composer Yuvan Shankar Raja teaming up with veteran music director Mellisai Mannar M S Viswanathan for the first time. This news has already set music lovers into a tizzy.The film will be directed by Badri, who has earlier made films like Veerappu and Thambikku Indha Ooru .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579262", "title": "Online shopping catches on in Patna", "text": "PATNA: You name it and they have it for you. All you need to have is access to Internet and a few minutes to spare. Anything and everything is delivered at your doorstep within a few days. Yes, we're talking about e-shopping. If you thought it was popular only in the Metros, you are mistaken. More and more people in Patna are going for online shopping.A large number of people in the city are not only aware of the mushrooming shopping websites, but also use it quite often. Pulak Sparsha, a law student of Chanakya National Law University here, says, \"I've got gifts from online shops. Apparels that would otherwise not be available at Patna can be easily bought from these e-stores.\" She adds, \"There is a lot of variety and rates are quite reasonable too.\"Netizens can splurge over a large range of items. These range from books to music and movies, gadgets and their enhancements, and apparels, footwear, accessories, toys and home furnishing products. Naila Manal, a 2nd year postgraduate student, says, \"Last month, I ordered a cellphone and got a discount of more than Rs 500. We can check the specifications online and the gadgets are dependable as well, because you get them directly from the company.\" Naila adds, \"Many of my friends shop for novels online as most of the publications offer price cuts on the maximum retail price (MRP).\"Payment options are varied. It can either be done using credit cards, debit cards or Internet banking facilities at the time of purchase or the customer can use cash-on-delivery option, that is pay the money when the goods are delivered at your doorstep. Goods are delivered not only in cities or towns but also in far-flung areas, though it may take a few days more.A frequent online buyer, Vivek, an engineer, says, \"I have shopped a lot of things online for my family as well as myself. It saves time and gives me limited options, which does not confuse me while choosing.\" He adds, \"I prefer to make payment at the time of purchase. If any glitch occurs during the transaction, the system automatically returns the money to the account. I don't have to worry about keeping cash ready. Also, if you have second thoughts, orders can be cancelled within a stipulated period of time.\"Many people use e-stores to buy gifts for their loved ones. Shreyas, an engineer, says, \"It is a nice way to give gifts. All you need to know is the address, and you can surprise your friends and family.\" \"It is not only for buying, but selling as well. Many of the e-shopping websites also buy second-hand goods from users,\" he said.And it is not just youth, a large number of working class people are also getting inclined towards online shopping. Chavi, a government teacher, said, \"Earlier, I was very apprehensive to try out e-shopping. What if the product delivered is not the same as promised or, worse still, if not delivered at all, or the money gets lost somewhere in transaction?\" She adds, \"But my daughter prevailed upon me to use it once (one of her friends had ordered a book online) and now I've become a regular. Their service is good and the varieties available in cosmetics and outfits are too good to believe.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583397", "title": "Light vehicles may get respite", "text": "LUDHIANA: Mindful of the fact that residents would have to face a host of problems due to diversion of traffic on Ferozepur Road, authorities on Monday tested the option of allowing light vehicles to use the stretch. This comes a day after LTOI highlighted the detour that motorists would have to take if traffic is diverted along Sarabha Nagar and BRS Nagar once diversions are put in place for under-bridge construction.\"We are removing pavements on one side of the bridge for the traffic coming from Ferozepur. The widened road will allow movement of light traffic, including cars, towards Mullanpur, Moga and Ferozepur through the same bridge. A trial run will be carried out during peek hours in a day or two. If successful, this will be implemented,\" said Ludhiana's deputy commissioner police G S Toor. He, however, added that heavy vehicles would have to take the cumbersome new route. This diversion of 2.2km starting from opposite PAU Gate No. I from Bala Bhawan Road will create a loop that will pass through Sarabha Nagar and BRS Nagar. The route would end at Ferozepur Road near Verka Milk Plant.Assistant commissioner police (traffic) Swapan Sharma said, \"We are also working on the map of the loop to get signboards ready.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582242", "title": "Notification for PhD, MPhil entrance flawed: Barkatullah University teachers", "text": "BHOPAL: The Barkatullah University's teaching faculties are opposing several clauses in the notification of MPhil and PhD entrance test saying that the flaws in it would adversely affect the interests of students.After the university has announced to organize its first PhD and M Phil entrance exam on September 22 and issued the relevant notification, the Barkatullah University Teachers' Association (BUTA) has come out in open against its provisions. BUTA will submit a memorandum to the governor and higher education minister on August 22.BUTA president Prof H S Yadav alleged that the notification for conducting the entrance exam has many flaws which will directly hamper the students. \"First they took eight months to announce the entrance test for both M Phil and Ph D courses. Now, they have come up with a notification with impractical clauses, he said.Listing the flaws, Yadav said, \"The notification says the time for PhD will be calculated from the date when the student registers for doctoral studies. As per the provision, registration will be done only after the course work and thereafter announcement of results. This would practically mean that students would stand to lose about eight months - though the student spends this time as a part of this efforts for PhD.\"Pointing out that attendance clause would snatch the opportunity from working professionals, Yadav said \"There is no mention about working professionals enrolling for PhD. The notification also states that attendance will be presented regularly to the university. In such situation, working professionals won't be able to pursue PhD.\"BUTA has also objected the clause of decision to select guide would be done by the university. \"How could university decide the guide? It is the candidate who knows better about the guide under he wants to pursue his PhD. It is complete injustice,\" Yadav claimed.Regarding the course work, Yadav said, \"The candidates will have to review the literature. What would a student review when the topic is not decided. This clause is impractical.\" Yadav pointed out adding that he raised the issue of flaws in the notification during the academic council which was not entertained.The issue will be discussed during the meeting of Madhya Pradesh University Teachers' Association (MPUTA) on August 22, he said.Despite several efforts higher authorities of BU could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15585333", "title": "I was scared to show my film to Bhansali: Bela", "text": "Bela Bhansali Sehgal is busy managing the promotional activities as the release-date of Shirin Farhad Ki Toh Nikal Padi nears.Just like all debutant film-makers even Bela is suffering from excitement and unavoidable anxiety. However, being Sanjay Leela Bhansali's sibling always gives her the edge over others. \"I was scared to show the film to Bhansali and was apprehensive about his reaction. He is a very honest person. He will tell you frankly if he doesn't like anything about the film,\" confesses Bela.However, in the same breath, she adds that its Sanjay Leela Bhansali's appreciation that has now become her dose of confidence. \"After he saw the movie, he turned around and with a big smile he said: 'teri toh nikal padi'. That was a moment, which I will cherish my whole life. I feel like I have already won half the battle,\" she says.Asked what matters most to her - critical acclaim or box office results, Bela said that she prefers to connect with the 'aam junta'. \"For me it's very important that people like the movie. I tried to keep it as simple and as direct as any other real life character. I want people to be happy after watching Shirin Farhad... As a director, to make the crowd happy is my biggest duty,\" insists Bela.Albeit the countdown to the release seems to be stressful, but the director doesn't miss to thank her family for the support. \"I really have a hectic schedule but it wouldn't have been possible to fulfill my ambition without the support of my husband Deepak Sehgal and daughters Sharmin and Simran,\" concludes Bela.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583232", "title": "Sewaiyana make Eid celebrations sweeter", "text": "LUDHIANA: A festive spirit reigned across the city as Muslims celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr on Monday, with mosques overflowing with the devout who offered special prayers, handed out alms, took part in feasts and exchanged gifts and greetings with friends and relatives.For Hazoor Ahmad, a manager in city restaurant and resident of Kohinoor Park, the day started with namaz in Jama Masjid in Millarganj Area followed by feasting with friends and family. He said, \"After observing an austere and highly disciplined schedule during the holy month of fasting, Ramzan, Eid is welcomed as the occasion full of celebration, food and fun. For every Muslim the festival symbolizes breaking the fast and everything that's evil within us. I spent the entire day with my family and friends. On this day, many friends from the neighbourhood and other areas come to wish us and also celebrated the special day with us.\"Sharing and exchanging food items being an integral part of Eid celebrations, Ahmad's family made elaborate and special arrangements for the day. \"Sewaiyana\" (sweet vermicelli) of different varieties including the ones made of milk, 'kimama' and 'sheeraa' were prepared and served to all visiting friends.A resident of Kohinoor Park, he said, \"Besides 'sewaiyan', the special menu at our residence included the evergreen biryani and galwat kebabs. For our vegetarian friends, we dished out chole-bhatoore,\" Ahmad said. He added, \"For friends who could not visit us, we made arrangements to sent sewaiyan to their house.\"Dressed in their festive best, Dr Siraj Bali's family too enjoyed the festival of delights with family and friends. A resident of Preet Nagar near Model Town, Dr Siraj said, \"After namaz in the morning, we exchanged greetings with all our friends. Since this Eid is a sweet one many of our friends, who are also from other religions, eagerly wait for the sweet delight sewaiyan. We shared the delicacy with all friends and family. And most importantly prayed for world peace.\"While thousands of Muslim brothers gathered to say namaz in the presence of Shahi Imam Habib-Ur- Rehman-Sani, he wished the gathered and stressed that Eid was a gift of Allah for all the brethren who kept Roza. He also expressed his concern over the happenings in Burma and said that this festival is for spreading the message of universal brotherhood and peace.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578394", "title": "Nearly 10k non-resident Malayalis line up to vote back home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Non-resident Malayalis have emerged as the most enthusiastic group about elections in India, with close to 10,000 registering themselves with the Election Commission after the government decided to give voting rights to NRIs.Trailing in the Malayalis' wake are NRIs from Punjab with 70 of them registering as overseas voters with the EC, followed by non-residents from Tamil Nadu (42), Puducherry (34) and Goa (18). In contrast, only one NRI each from Gujarat, Sikkim, Maharashtra and UP have got themselves registered. Uttarakhand was marginally ahead with seven registrations.Since the government allowed overseas Indians to register with the EC to take part in assembly elections last year, not a single vote was cast in four of the five states that went to polls this year \u2014 Punjab, UP, Uttarakhand, and Manipur. In Goa, a lone NRI cast his vote.Last year, one person registered his name in the electoral list and also voted in the West Bengal assembly polls. No alternate mode of voting for overseas electors has been envisaged.In the last few years, the government has facilitated a number of measures to encourage overseas Indians to contribute to the India growth story. Remittance money apart, overseas Indians are seen as potential investors in the country's infrastructure development.To encourage Indians to return with their retirement kitty, the government has proposed a pension and insurance fund and also allowed overseas Indian cards for foreign spouses of NRIs.NRI voters: Kerala pips rest of IndiaStates -- Registered votersKerala - 9,838Punjab -- 70Tamil Nadu -- 42Puducherry -- 34Goa -- 18Uttarakhand -- 7West Bengal -- 3Daman and Diu -- 3Haryana -- 3Maharashtra -- 3Himachal Pradesh -- 2Delhi -- 2Sikkim -- 1UP -- 1MP -- 1Gujarat -- 1", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578154", "title": "Syllabus change workshop for FYJC teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: The education department is incorporating a series of changes in the FYJC syllabus but colleges are worried if teachers are well equipped to adapt to the changes. Taking this into account, senior professors and educationists have organized a workshop for English teachers from the city's junior colleges on Wednesday.\"There are many changes in the English subject and we need to ensure the teachers are able to communicate these to the students. Changes need to be made in the teaching methods as well and that is why we are holding this workshop,\" said Kavita Rege, principal of Sathaye College in Vile Parle. who have agreed to host this workshop for teachers.Teachers from close to 200 city colleges have been invited and most have already registered for this workshop.An option made available to students of classes XI and XII recently is the option of choosing English literature instead of any other subject from their curriculum. Few colleges have made this option available for students. \"Even the books are ready for this new subject in junior college, but nobody is aware of this. So we have invited the convenor of English for classes XI and XII to this workshop to explain the nuances of all the changes to our teachers,\" said educationist Shailaja Mulay, .Other than the curriculum, there has also been a change in the evaluation system for subjects this year. \"We realized many teachers were still confused about the changes in the evaluation system and in most cases, nobody underwent any form of training for the changes. So we decided to help teachers in distress and have called experts to give a proper explanation to the teachers,\" said Sunil Patil, workshop co-ordinator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577927", "title": "Central Railway hit again after fracture near Kurla", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) services were affected for the second consecutive day as the authorities had to cancel 18 trains due to a disruption in services after a rail fracture near Kurla on Monday morning.The fracture on the CST-bound Up fast line between Kurla and Sion led to the stretch being closed for repairs from 8.38 am to 10.04 am.A CR spokesperson said, \"Nineteen CST-bound fast services were diverted between Vikhroli-Matunga on the slow line during this period.\"On Sunday, a signal failures and water-logging between Kurla and Wadala had led to a disruption on the Harbour line.Priya Shah, a Dombivli resident, said, \"My train was almost 30 minutes late. Platforms and trains were over-crowded due to the delay in services.\"Services were also running late in the Karjat-bound direction. Pranav Shinde, an Ambernath commuter, said, \"The Karjat-bound train was late by 35-40 minutes. I cancelled my travel plans as I felt the scenario would be the same during my return journey.\" Nancy Bindra, a Kalyan resident, said, \"Trains were extremely slow. My train reached CST half an hour late.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576705", "title": "Pipeline to Asifnagar to check pollution", "text": "HYDERABAD: A pipeline will be laid between the Osmansagar and the Asifnagar filter bed to help check pollutants entering the reservoir water meant for supplying drinking water to the city. As of now, an open conduit carries water from the Osmansagar to the filter bed, which caters almost to the entire Old City.The HMWS&SB; had sent a proposal to close the Osmansagar open conduit and lay a new pipeline three months ago. The municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department recently gave the green signal and asked the Water Board to prepare a detailed project report.\"We have prepared a detailed report on the proposal. As per estimates, the cost for laying the 14.3-kilometre new pipeline between the Osmansagar and the Asifnagar filter-bed has been pegged at Rs 110 crore,\" a senior HMWS&SB; transmission wing official told TOI.At present, the Water Board is supplying 22 million gallons a day (MGD) of water from the Osmansagar to majority of areas in the Old City on alternate days. \"We receive complaints of water contamination and discoloured water frequently, and more so during the rainy season,\" he added.\"We have forwarded the proposal along with the estimates to the government for sanction. As per our estimation, the work for laying the new pipeline will be completed within six to seven months. Once MA&UD; department gives clearance, we will issue a notification for tenders. We are hoping to complete the work by next summer,\" the official added.\"While the work is being grounded, all precautionary measures will be taken to avoid interruption in water supply. We will make alternative arrangement for areas likely to be affected,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579582", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation hikes Ambazari lake water rates too", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) water works department (WWD), which is under fire for hiking water tariff within seven months without maintaining transparency, has also increased the rates for Ambazari lake water. This will lead to higher tariff for MIDC Hingna, Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), SRPF and Nagpur University. NMC has also hiked the penalty charges for illegal connections.WWD hiked the water tariff with effect from April 1, but made it public a couple of days ago by submitting it to the standing committee. Along with tariff of potable water supplied to residential and commercial consumers, NMC had also quietly hiked charges of Ambazari lake's raw water, which is contaminated with sewage water. The rates have been increased by 5%. This is the second hike in seven months after a revision of 5% on August 12, 2011.The revision will be a setback for MIDC Hingna, which lifts huge quantity of water from the Ambazari lake every day. According to data available from MIDC Hingna, around 8-10 million litres per day (MLD) water is lifted by MIDC Hingna from the lake. After treatment, MIDC Hingna supplies the water to around 1,500 industrial units and some villages including Digdoh Nildoh, Shramik Nagar, and a couple of small villages adjacent to Hingna MIDC. Since the quantity of water is huge, the 5% increase will make a big impact on MIDC finances.Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT), State Reserve Police Force (SRPF) and Nagpur University also lift water from Ambazari lake, though in small quantities. NIT uses the raw water after treatment for its international standard swimming pool on North Ambazari road. The SRPF supplies the water for household use, excluding drinking, to its quarters situated at SRPF colony at Hingna, that too after treatment. Nagpur University utilizes the water for all use other than drinking.According to the revised rates, Hingna MIDC will have to pay Rs5.51 per unit for Ambazari lake water. The charges are equivalent to what NMC applies for potable water supplied to residential consumers with consumption between 1 to 20 units.NMC supplies the potable water to residential consumers after completing all filtration processes. But MIDC Hingna has to lift the water and treat it at its expense. The major problem for Hingna MIDC is that water in Ambazari lake is highly contaminated due to sewage from Wadi and adjoining areas, and industrial waste from some industries that flows into the lake round the clock in huge quantities.An official from MIDC Hingna said the rates charged to its consumers are decided by the MIDC head quarters. \"Revised rates will be conveyed to higher officials. We cannot comment or take any decision unless approval comes from headquarters,\" he said.A senior NIT official said that there was no communication from NMC regarding revision in raw water charges.The WWD has also said that penalty charges for illegal connections have been increased from Rs5,250 (residential) to Rs5,512.50, and from Rs15,750 (other than residential) to Rs16,537.50.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577451", "title": "Sports greats launch 'Cheer for Champions'", "text": "MUMBAI: Crowd support plays an important role in the performance of an athlete and that's why sporting greats Dilip Vengsarkar , Dhanraj Pillay, IM Vijayan and Anjum Chopra launched a campaign titled 'Cheer for Champions' to unite India in its support for sportspeople.In a recent interview, five-time World Champion MC Mary Kom too had highlighted lack of proper crowd support behind her semifinal loss to Great Britain's Nicola Adams in the London Games. \"I never get nervous before bouts, but that day I don't know what was happening to me. I was not attacking as much... I generally don't get affected by how the crowd is behaving, but probably in the semifinals, it affected me,\" she had insisted.Keeping this in mind, TenVicks conducted a survey among 55 individuals representing varied sports like hockey, football, cricket and badminton to assess India's 'cheer quotient', the results of which were quite startling. Indian spin legend Anil Kumble , former India pacer Venkatesh Prasad , ex-hockey player Jude Felix and women's cricketer Mithali Raj also participated in the survey. According to the report, merely 14% of the players believed India stands by them even when they are losing as compared to England at 42% and Australia at 36%.Almost everyone felt crowds back them wholeheartedly while they are winning. Sportspersons believe Australia is the most vocal in its support for their team when it wins, followed closely by England and India in third place. In terms of overall crowd attitude, India register a poor 14% and shares space with Australia but stands pale in comparison with England at 58%.As a city, Kolkata is best when you win and Chennai when one is losing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579567", "title": "Mom's slip results in death of toddler", "text": "NAGPUR: Madhuri Rathod may never forgive herself as a momentary mistake cost the life of her nine-month-old baby boy.The toddler Adarsh had received 33% burn injuries three days ago as hot water bucket his mother Madhuri was carrying slipped spraying the scalding water on him. Madhuri was taking Adarsh for a bath at their Milind Nagar residence under Hudkeshwar police station on Friday morning.Police said this was routine for Madhuri. Her husband Ramkrishna was busy having breakfast with their four-year-old daughter Khushi. \"Madhuri was holding the bucket in her right hand and Adarsh on the left. She slipped in the bathroom and hot water fell on Adarsh's chest, neck and hands,\" said Ramkrishna, a daily wager. The incident left the parents shattered.Homemaker Madhuri, who is still in trauma, never thought her small error would claim her son's life. \"Though it was an untoward incident, Madhuri is feeling guilty. For three days, she prayed day and night but Adarsha could not be saved,\" added Ramkrishna. Madhuri too sustained minor burn injuries on her hands. The couple rushed Adarsh to GMCH where he breathed his last on Sunday night. Hudkeshwar police have registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "15585403", "title": "Entrance exam date for MEd", "text": "PATIALA: The Department of Distance Education, Punjabi University, Patiala will conduct the Entrance Test for admission to M.Ed. (D.E.) for the session 2012-14 on August , 2012.Giving this information Dr. Tejinder Kaur, Head of the Department said that students, who have applied for the Entrance Test online or offline can download their admit card from the website www.pupadmissions.comfrom August 20, 2012 onwards. She further said that admit cards are not being sent by post. In case of any enquiry the students can contact Co-ordinator, Centralized Admission Cell 2012, Punjab School of Law Building (Opposite Xen office), Punjabi University, Patiala personally or on phone no. 0175-3046522.But some candidates have objected to method adopted by university authorities.I am staying in village and don't have access to internet. Like me there are many more students, who don't known even about test. University authorities must inform students through post also\"said a candidate on anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579077", "title": "Moti Shahi palace was placed in same category as Taj Mahal", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gazette notification passed on March 11, 1909 classified the Moti Shahi palace in Shahibaug as a \"Class I(a)\" monument - equating it with the Taj Mahal and other extremely important monuments which were of \"cultural\" significance.This was the first time the British government undertook a mammoth scientific exercise classifying various monuments. The list for Ahmedabad was prepared according to gazette number 1222 under section 3 of the Ancient Monument Preservation Act 1904.In Ahmedabad that year, a list of 50 monuments was prepared, of which 13 monuments under class I(a), while the rest were classified as class II, II(a) and II(b), in order of importance. Giving the Shahibaug palace company were Rani Sipri mosque, Mubafizkhan mosque, the Queen's mosque in Sarangpur, Baba Luilui mosque, Dada Harir stepwell, Dutch tombs of Kankaria, Sidi Saiyad mosque, Ahmed Shah mosque and Adalaj stepwell.\"Since the palace was a class I(a) building, Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) set conditions before giving possession to the state government. In 1928, ASI prepared a list to budget for conservation and protection of monuments, and continued to look after Moti Shahi palace till April 1961. Several letters were exchanged between the state government and ASI before the building was de-listed and handed over to the roads and building department,\" says a senior roads and building official of the Ahmedabad division.The roads and building department's August 1979 notification clearly stated that the new occupants - the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Memorial Society (SVPMS) - would need permission from the state archaeology department for any construction in the palace compound. \"It is quite likely that the ASI too had set similar conditions for the state government, before handing over the monument in 1960. Section 6 of The Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Remains Act, 1958 lists in detail the do's and don'ts of handling protected monuments under private ownership,\" adds the official. For instance, one section says that the district collector can propose that the owner of the protected monument enter an agreement with the central government for general upkeep and maintenance of the building. The section also restricts any sort of destruction, removal of parts of the building, defacing the monument or building additional structures or buildings on or near the monument.\"This law is mentioned under the category protected monuments in the Act. One can imagine the conditions under which the state government had handed over the palace to the state government in 1960,\" adds the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "15579131", "title": "Rare photos bring back memories of Portuguese rule", "text": "MARGAO: Life in the times of Portuguese Goa gets enlivened as one views the pictures on display at the exhibition of rare photographs of ancient Goa currently underway at the Ravindra Bhavan, Margao.Among pictures that draw the attention of visitors are the photo-prints of the cover page of the first newspaper published in Portuguese India, 'Gazeta de Goa', and the second, \"Chronica Constitutional de Goa.\"The panoramic vistas of the old cities of Panaji and Old Goa, and the spectacular views of the Aguada fort and the Mormugao Port Trust, as they existed during the Portuguese rule, at once relives the historic times and the viewer is overwhelmed with nostalgia. Pictures of the bridge over river Zuari at Sanvordem, the aerial view of the Mandovi, and the front elevation of the Immaculate Church, Panaji, also stand out at the exhibition. Photographs of the ancient temples of Queula (Ponda) and Mulgao (Bicholim) provide a glimpse of the religious way of life in the bygone era.At the exhibition, one can also browse through the number of publications of the GPP that are on display and sale.A steady stream of visitors has been pouring in at the exhibition .The exhibition is open for the general public until August 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandernagore (hooghly)", "code": "15578884", "title": "Girl molested by teacher's husband", "text": "CHANDERNAGORE (HOOGHLY): A 9-year-old girl was allegedly molested by her teacher's husband on Monday when she had gone to her place for tuitions. The girl's father lodged a complaint with Chandernagore police following which the accused, Debu Mitra, a resident of Hooghly's Chandernagore, was arrested.On returning home, the girl narrated her ordeal to her mother. Though initially hesitant, her father lodged a police complaint.Tathagata Basu, additional superintendant of police in Hooghly, said, \"After receiving the complaint we have arrested Debu Mitra. He will be produced in court on Tuesday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576865", "title": "Sans Laxman and Dravid, India look to reorganise slip cordon", "text": "HYDERABAD: \"One thing that I will miss about Rahul (Dravid) is the opportunity to chat with him in the slip cordon. It will be an empty feeling when I take the field as we were used to chatting about several things while fielding in the slip cordon. It was one way of keeping our concentration and focus especially through a dry phase when the ball doesn't do much,\" VVS Laxman had remarked on the day when Dravid had announced his retirement from international cricket earlier this year.Little did Laxman know at that time that he wouldn't have the chance to play a Test for India without Dravid. As it transpired, Laxman called it quits on Saturday just a few days ahead of India's first Test against New Zealand which begins here on August 23. Hence, for the first time in 16 years, India will be without either of them in the slip cordon, which is a very vital position for a team especially in Test cricket. A team's first line of offensive play begins with the slip cordon and it was in this area that Dravid and Laxman had played such a significant role.It is this lesser known area which could be a bigger headache for Team India to fill up. Dravid had been superb in his specialist position at slip and over the years displayed the right techniques of fielding and catching thanks to his super fast reflexes and uncanny anticipation. Leaping and diving, Dravid had been a picture of perfection every time he made an adroit stop or pulled off a great catch. Whether it was off the pace bowlers or spinners, standing back or up front, Dravid had shown deep reserves of concentration and was always confidence personified.Laxman too was not far behind and it is his supple wrists that helped in his catching. The Hyderabad not only fielded in the slips but was also a safe bat-pad fielder.Dravid holds the world record in Test cricket for the most number of catches held. He has 210 catches - most of them in the slip - to his credit from his 164 Test matches. In second position is Australian Ricky Ponting, who has 194 catches from 165 matches. Among the Indians, it is Laxman who is in second position - overall 11th spot - with 135 catches from 134 matches. Batting maestro Sachin Tendulkar lags far behind at 20th spot with 113 catches and even further down is Virender Sehwag with 74 catches.Hence, it is going to be a tough task for the Indians to fill up this huge gap. Realising the importance of the slip cordon, coach Duncan Fletcher gave extensive catching practice to his men who could be fielding in the slips during the first Test. Tendulkar fielded at first slip with Sehwag and Suresh Raina at second and third slip positions.The team knows that it needs to work hard on slip catching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579542", "title": "Shopping hub boost for Sec 39-47", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the administration deciding to develop a commercial hub north of the Vikas Marg \u2014 like that on Madhya Marg \u2014 thousands of people living in the sectors 39-47 will be able to shop or dine out closer home.At present, there are no showrooms or commercial space in most newly-developed sectors and people living there have to travel to Sector 17, Mohali or adjoining areas in case they have to shop or catch the latest movie.The master plan prepared by the urban planning department has allowed commercial activity to benefit people living in the second and third phases of the city.Commercial areas had already been earmarked in these nine sectors, and only Sector 42 has relatively less space due to the artificial lake and Government College for Girls (GCG), Sector 42.The planned commercial area will come up parallel to Vikas Marg at the southern end of these sectors.This area is also linked to the Metro Rail project. RITES has suggested handing over the vacant commercial land along Himalaya Marg and Vikas Marg (about 230 acres) to the Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for auction to generate revenue. The residents are happy over the move.\"We have been asking for a mall or multiplex in the southern belt for quite sometime. This move will benefit people living here,\" said Ranjit Malik, a resident of Sector 48. One problem that the project could face is manifold increase in traffic in this stretch over the past five years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "15578929", "title": "Calicut University to nominate syndicate for keeping CPM at bay", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Decks are being cleared for appointing the Calicut University syndicate through the nomination route once again. Wary of CPM-led opposition parties gaining a foothold in the syndicate if elections are held, the authorities have delayed the election process paving way for yet another round of nominations to the chief executive body of the varsity.The term of the current nominated syndicate will end on September 21 and it is impossible for the varsity to complete the elections to the senate by then.The elaborate election process to constitute the senate involves at least nine elections to select representatives from various constituencies including teachers, non- teaching staff, managers of private colleges, students, local bodies and registered trade unions.Though the varsity had filed an affidavit before the Kerala high court in September stating that the election process to the senate was underway and will be completed at the earliest, the process has been hanging fire since then. The only progress has been the election of six MLAs to the senate. The varsity is yet to publish the final nominal roll and the election schedule has not been announced yet.According to the Calicut University Act 1975, the varsity senate is to elect 14 members from among themselves as syndicate members. The delay in the election process would result in the varsity having to function without a senate which is the supreme authority of the varsity endowed with powers to review the action of the syndicate or the academic council.Former university registrar T K Narayanan said the inordinate delay in the election process shows that the varsity authorities are not interested in conducting democratic elections to the syndicate as it would upset their plans to run the varsity in an autocratic manner. \"The varsity is currently run as per the dictates of the IUML as it has been revealed in the numerous controversies which have surfaced recently. The elections to the senate and syndicate are deliberately delayed to give them a free run in implementing their agenda in the varsity,\" he added.P Mammad, president of All Kerala Private College Teachers Association (AKPCTA), said if the varsity was interested in conducting elections then it could have completed the process during the last one year.\"The varsity has deliberately dragged the election process to pave way for the nomination of the syndicate for one more year. Now it is impossible to conduct the elections and the government will go for yet another round of nominations to the syndicate which will undermine the autonomy of the university,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583093", "title": "Rain on Eid spreads cheer", "text": "LUDHIANA: Two short spell of rain, on Monday, added to the joy of city residents celebrating Eid-ul-Fitr, marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan. The Met office has forecast rain in the coming days.\"A total of 30mm rain was recorded till 5.30pm on Monday. The weather remained pleasant with the temperature hovering in the range - minimum 25.5 degrees celsius and maximum 33 degrees C,\" said an official from Chandigarh Met department.On being asked about the quantum of rainfall, he said, \"Though the quantum of rainfall has shown a downward trend, yet we are very sure that things would improve in coming days. We expect good showers in the entire state.\"Meanwhile, residents made most of showers. While some celebrated Eid-ul-Fitr with feasting, family reunions and boisterous festivities, others just enjoyed the festive aura and the lovely weather. \"Monday was indeed a wonderful day - a double bonanza as it was Eid as well as a holiday. As for us we enjoyed shopping in the pleasant weathera\" said Nitika, a resident of Rajguru Nagar.Aman Sharma, a resident of Model Town, said, \"The weather was amazing plus it was a holiday. I took my family shopping, where we decided to continue the fun and watch a movie. After watching 'Ek Tha Tiger' we also enjoyed dinner in a restaurant at Sarabha Nagar market.\"On the flip side with all the celebrations and smiles, water-logged streets of the city were somewhat a spoiler for commuters. \"Considering the careless attitude of municipal corporation, waterlogging is synonymous to rain for us by now. However, we did not let this dampen our spirit and enjoyed the holiday with our family friends,\" said Preeti, a resident of BRS Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579757", "title": "Collective storage in dams over 75%; Panshet 80% full", "text": "PUNE: The collective storage in the four dams that supply water to the city rose to 22.12 TMC (75.88% of their total storage capacity) on Monday evening. The officials of state irrigation department said the release of water through Mutha right bank canal will continue for the next few days to help the Pune Municipal Corporation and other smaller towns meet their daily water requirements.On Monday evening, water storage at Panshet stood at 80.80%, followed by Khadakwasla 77.07%, Varasgaon 74.59% and Temghar 65.97%.Irrigation department officials said the catchment areas of dam need 2-3 good spells to take the water level to the maximum. Temghar has received highest rainfall of 1,917 mm since June, followed by Varasgaon (1789 mm), Panshet (1660 mm) and Khadakwasla (395 mm).Officials said the water was released from Khadakwasla after its storage level had reached its maximum capacity some days back. At present, water is being released in the canal at the rate of 1,300 cusec.The catchment areas of the dams registered good rainfall in the last two days, but the intensity decreased on Monday.Temghar received 6 mm while Varasgaon and Panset received 5 mm and 3 mm rainfall respectively.As the monsoon retreat begins in a few days, the city will need some more rains to ensure it has enough water to last till next year's monsoon.Dam Storage Monday's rainfall Ranfall since JuneTemghar 2.45 TMC (65.97%)6 mm1,997 mmVarasgaon 9.55 TMC (74.59%)5 mm1,789 mmPanshet8.60TMC (80.80%)3 mm1,660 mmKhadakwasla1.52TMC (77.07%)nil395 mmTotal 22.12 TMC (75.88%)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "15577512", "title": "Discom to survey rural power use", "text": "NOIDA: After complaints from industries and commercial establishments that consumers in rural areas should be made to share an equal burden in increase in power rates, the Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC) has directed the Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) in Noida to conduct a survey of electricity load consumption in rural regions.The UPERC has made this move to consider the viability of increasing power tariffs for rural consumers even as it has become imminent that rates would be hiked for industrial and commercial categories by 33%.Domestic and commercial consumers in rural areas pay a nominal fixed price of Rs 150 and Rs 200, respectively, per month for availing unlimited power supply. During extensive public hearings conducted by UPERC over tariff hike, consumers in industrial and commercial categories complained that the state electricity regulatory commission was being unfair in passing the entire burden upon them. The UPERC was accused of being unduly benevolent towards rural consumers.\"The survey would be conducted to calculate the actual amounts of load consumed by rural consumers in domestic and commercial categories,\" said a senior UPPCL official. \"Based upon the report, the regulatory commission would consider hiking rates for them. We are at present awaiting the formal nod for the survey,\" added the official.The UPERC, reportedly, has been flooded with complaints from industry and commercial bodies to evenly spread the burden of power hike across all categories of consumers. Sources in the UPPCL say that these bodies have sent in representations to prohibit unlimited consumption in rural areas against a fixed price given the fact that pattern of domestic and commercial consumption is similar in these areas is similar to urban areas due to availability of modern electrical equipments in most households.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15579652", "title": "Jharkhand minister's removal sought over 'affair\u2019", "text": "RANCHI: Political rivals of BJP leader and state agriculture minister Satyanand Jha have demanded his ouster from the cabinet for allegedly having an \"illicit affair'' with a teacher.Congress spokesperson Sailesh Sinha said: \"The teacher has been claiming that the minister is her husband for over a year. She is only demanding a DNA test to ascertain the paternity of her son. The minister should immediately step down and help the inquiry proceed. If he has not done any thing wrong with the woman, then he should not be afraid. He should resign from office without any delay.\"Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM), BJP's key alliance partner in the government, echoed the Congress. Its general secretary Supriyo Bhattacharya said the party feels that in the interest of the image of the state government, the BJP should ask the minister to step down. \"We feel the inquiry will be impartial only after he is out of power. Once the probe is over and the minister comes clean, he can be re-inducted into the cabinet,\" said Bhattacharya.The minister called the allegations baseless. \"The woman and her family members have been trying to malign his image for many years. Last year also they had launched a campaign against me and later the woman herself appeared before newsmen and admitted that she has no relation with me,\" said the minister. \"I am always ready for inquiry but it should be done by the government.''BJP state in-charge Harendra Pratap said the party will inquire the matter. \"We will talk to the woman and her family members on the matter. If the minister has done any wrong, we will take action. Till then the matter should not be politicized.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15583057", "title": "Minister blames industrial houses for graft", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Health minister Damodar Rout on Monday accused corporate houses of not honouring their commitments to local people of areas from where they are reaping benefits. Speaking at the foundation day event of an NGO, Odisha Durneeti Sangharsa Mancha here, the minister described the industrial houses as among the biggest promoters of corruption.\"So many MoUs were signed by the government. During such agreements, the companies promise of giving jobs to local people and to undertake other development activities. But how many of them are actually doing it?\" he asked.Stating that politicians are generally perceived to be corrupt, Rout said the menace is widespread across all sections. Criticizing bureaucrats, the minister said the British government had formed a system of bureaucracy that was meant to appease the ruler not to govern the people. \"The same system continues; only skin colour of the officers has changed,\" he said.To drive home the point the \"arbitrary way\" bureaucrats function, the minister gave example of a government scheme of his ministry in which an accredited social health activist (ASHA) gets Rs 350 if a woman helped by her has a live birth delivery in a hospital. In case of stillborn, they get Rs 100. \"This very odd decision has been taken by bureaucrats. Why should there be a disparity in these two situations where the ASHA's work is all the same?\" he asked.The minister's salvo fresh against bureaucrats came a day after he \"confronted\" the top bureaucracy for bypassing him while taking decisions relating to his ministry. The minister was reportedly angry over the August 8 decision of state health and family welfare society, headed by chief secretary BK Patnaik, without his nod. The meeting had approved Rs over 1,000 crore for different health schemes.Rout also criticized the media saying several mediapersons make a hero out of a zero and vice versa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581254", "title": "Padmini Kolhapure returns as Shahid\u2019s mom", "text": "Barely is she through playing daughter in an unreleased Marathi film titled Maaee, that Padmini Kolhapure, a versatile actress, will make the leap to playing mother in the next Shahid Kapur-starrer.Sources say the newest mum in B-town has a powerful role in Raj Kumar Santoshi Phata Poster Nikla Hero . The film, contrary to reports, is not a comedy on the lines of Santoshi's 2009 flick Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani, but a serious mother-son drama.Apparently, Padmini had reservations about her role initially since she says she is only fifteen years older than the 31-year-old Shahid. However, the meaty role, which sources say, is similar to Aruna Irani's role in Indra Kumar's Beta, clinched the matter for the actress.Ileana D'Cruz has been roped in to play Shahid's romantic interest in the film. Raj Santoshi confirmed the news and said, \"We've finalised Padmini Kolhapure to play the mother. I've worked with many actresses like Rekha and Madhuri Dixit , never with Padmini Kolhapure. My new film is not a comedy in the way Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani was. Yes, there are elements of humour running through the plot. But this is an intense mother-son story.\"Padmini last appeared in the 2003 Marathi film Chimani Pakhare. In Maaee, she is seen as legendary singer Asha Bhosale's little girl. However the film may take some time to hit theatres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584814", "title": "Thousands of Muslims participate in special prayers in Hubli", "text": "Thousands of Muslims took part in the special prayers at various parts of the city, including the historic Idgah Maidan, here on Monday. Muslims, mostly dressed in white clothes, were seen rushing to Idgah Maidan at Chennamma Circle, Old Hubli and Unkal in large numbers to take part in the prayers that lasted for over 30 minutes. After the prayers, they exchanged greetings with friends and relatives.MLC A M Hindasgeri, former minister Jabbarkhan Honnalli, Ismail Kalebudde, corporator Altaf Kittur and others participated in a mass prayer organized at Idgah Maidan near Rani Channamma Circle and old Hubli.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15576561", "title": "India find Korea too quick to handle", "text": "NAGPUR: Last edition's silver medalists Korea did nothing extraordinary as they carved out a clinical 123-73 victory against India in the second round of the 22nd Fiba Asia U-18 Basketball Championship at Ulaanbaatar (Mongolia) on Monday.Relying on speed and orderly conversion, Korea started with a flurry and scored the first 11 points in the game. The 17th ranked Koreans only grew in strength and score-line lead as the game wore on before winding up the proceedings with an easy 50-point victory - their fourth in as many games.Korea, who brought forward an all-win record from the preliminary round, moved a step closer to the quarterfinals. India who found the speedy Koreans too quick to handle now need to win their remaining second round games to keep their hopes of a play-off berth alive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "15579474", "title": "Flood-hit still awaiting foodgrain aid", "text": "YAVATMAL: People from the flood-affected villages in the district are awaiting aid of 20kg foodgrain (10kg each of rice and wheat) and 10 litres kerosene, promised to them by none other than chief minister Prithviraj Chavan during his Yavatmal visit on August 11. In fact, the CM had personally brought the copy of the government resolution issued in this regard on the very day but its implementation has not happened even after a lapse of 10 days.Chavan, after visiting two villages, Akola Bazar and Kali , held a press conference at the Bachat Bhavan, during which he had announced that over 26,000 families from 230 villages in the district would be given the aid immediately.The Govt has announced ex-gratia to the flood affected to the extent of Rs. 1000 each and over Rs.2 crore was distributed so far.The Chief Minister has then been flown down to Yavatmal on July 28 but his plane could not land at the Yavatmal airport due to poor visibility. The CM had to go back to Mumbai enroute Nagpur, thanks to the airport authority for the poor infrastructure including the night landing facilities.The Chief Minister has fulfilled his promise about his return to Yavatmal and on August 11, he came to Nagpur and since he could not make his flight to Yavatmal due to the same reason, he took the road journey to Yavatmal.The chief minister visited the flood affected areas of these villages and also addressed the villagers' gathering.Later in the afternoon, he chaired a review meeting of the concerned department officers and given them standing instructions to expedite the ongoing survey of damages and the rehabilitation of the affected including the shifting of a few villages to safer locations nearby their old habitats.He has also addressed a press conference and announced the free distribution of food grains and kerosene.Importantly, the aid did not reach the farmers even ahead of Pola and Eid. When contacted, district collector Ashwin Mudgal said the administration has not yet received the quota for free distribution, causing a delay in implementing the CM's announcement. \"We have hold discussions with the officials concerned and they have promised us to allot foodgrains in a couple of days,\" he said.About the survey for ascertaining damages to house properties, Mudgal said the engineers from the B&C; department are almost through with the valuations. \"We have distributed over Rs2 crore to people rendered homeless or whose houses were damaged,\" Mudgal said adding that further financial assistance would be given to the affected families after the valuation report is submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582293", "title": "Heavy rains disrupt normal life", "text": "BHOPAL: Heavy rain on Monday disrupted normal life and led to waterlogging in many parts of the state capital.A large number of localities, including Arera colony (E-2, E-3), 10 No. market, 11 No. stop, Chunabhatti, Trilanga, many areas of BHEL, Kolar, Shahpura, Habibganj railway crossing, Habibganj under-bridge, Bagsevania, MP Nagar, Arera Hills, BJP state headquarters witnessed severe water-logging, exposing Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BJP) claims about the city's drainage systems.Water entered many houes in E-2 Arera Colony, Barkhedi and Gautam Nagar and Ashoka garden. \"It took us long time to clear the mess from our homes. Our furniture, vehicle were completely damaged due to water,\" said Shashi Gupta, a resident of Ashoka Garden.Ashok Vihar, Aishbagh, Barkhedi and Chandbad, Prabhat petrol pump areas of Ashoka Garden were badly affected. The amount of water flowing into the area could be gauged from the fact that sewage lines were overflowing with rainwater and the water started coming out from the toilets of residents.Shahpura was also badly affected due to overflowing nullahs. \"The road connecting Shahpura to Kolar was completely under water. Road connectivity of Kolar was badly affected due to waterlogging. This created traffic jams here,\" said Kamal Moolchandani, a resident of Chunabhatti.There was water near Kali mata temple on the Chunabhatti road and on the road connecting Shahpura to Kolar,\" Reshma Marathe, a resident of Kolar said.The nullah in Shahpura was overflowing,\" BMC officials said. \"This created traffic jams in this part of the city,\" he added.We have received complaints of waterlogging from almost every part of the city,\" said Dinesh Kumar, a BMC call-centre employee. \"The corporation is using at least 25-30 motors to remove water from basements of commercial complexes in MP Nagar, New Market and Arera Colony,\" he added.\"Water gushed into shops. This happens almost every year. Despite so many complaints to the corporation, nothing happened. We have to face this problem\" Ishwarnath, a shopkeeper in 11 No. market said.Many parts of old Bhopal were also badly affected due to waterlogging. Many parts of Intkhedi, Jehangirabad, Marwadi road, Ghoda Nakkas, Jummerati areas of old Bhopal experienced waterlogging on a large scale.\"Narrow roads and improper drainage system in the city is causing us a lot of trouble.\" Surendra Singh, a shopkeeper, said.The BMC squads were on there toes throughout the day to clear water on streets, including link roads, Malviya Nagar, Central School road on Arera Hills, II No. bus stop .Habibganj under-bridge and railway crossing saw jam due to waterlogging. \"We were stuck in traffic jam near Habibganj railway crossing for almost half an hour as there was water everywhere. Water also accumulated on railway tracks,\" said Sarita Sharma, a resident of Arera Colony.\"The corporation is doing its best to deal with waterlogging,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15584155", "title": "Ludhianvis have an amazing style sense", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fashion designer Archana Kochhar has styled Bollywood divas like Zeenat Amaan, Sonakshi Sinha , Kangana Ranaut, Mugdha Godse , Dia Mirza and Jacqueline Fernandez but when it comes to deciding a royal clientele, this Mumbai-based designer says Ludhianvis are as stylish as they come.Her love and respect for Ludhiana's buyers prompted Kochhar to participate in the Punjab International Fashion Week. Her show was scheduled for late Sunday evening.\"The people of Ludhiana have an amazing sense of fashion and they are really choosy while picking up clothes. I already have a strong customer base in this city and some of my Ludhiana clients fly to Mumbai particularly for shopping. I have observed they always want something classy and stunning and never do they sacrifice on quality,\" Kochhar says.Well known for the big fat weddings, Punjabis love to flaunt the best clothes during these occasions, says the designer. \"Many Ludhianvis come to buy ethnic Indian dresses and bridal wear. In fact, I customize my designs after taking cues from their enthusiasm, glitter and merry-making,\" she smiles.During the fashion week, Kochhar is presenting two of her collections - a retro range for men and a range of western and Indian line. This is the Mumbai designer's second outing at the event.Besides Kochhar, Ludhiana-based designer Sonu Gandhi showcased her collection 'Jugni' on Sunday evening. She presented a unique range for mother-daughter duos.\"I am proud to represent Ludhiana at such a prestigious event. My next target is to hit the shows in Europe,\" Sonu says.Having won Mrs Calcutta pageant twice, Sonu started her fashion career by holding exhibitions across the country. Her shows in USA and Dubai gave her an international recognition. She has lately designed garments for Bollywood stars like Neeru Bajwa, Zeenat Aman and former supermodel Mehar Bhasin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578260", "title": "Govt finds itself boxed in on promotion quota row", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre fears it may be compelled to accept a \"legally vulnerable\" constitutional amendment to restore reservation in promotion for SCs/STs.The apprehension stems from the narrow choice of solution to overrule the need to prove that dalits do not have adequate share in services and are \"backward\" to give them reservation in promotions. The twin criteria of \"adequate representation\" and \"backwardness\" were ruled and upheld by the Supreme Court.Sections in government and dalits, however, argue these criteria are relevant to OBCs and not dalits who enjoy unconditional affirmative action on the grounds of \"social backwardness\".An all-party meeting on Tuesday will brainstorm on ways to neutralize the apex court ruling which many states have followed by stopping 'promotion quota' in its entirety.Government sources said a simplistic change in the Constitution, spelling out that backwardness and representation are not applicable to 'promotion quota' for SCs/STs, may not stand legal scrutiny. The reason is that quota cannot be open-ended and has to be circumscribed by data justifying preferential treatment to a community.Since the apex court stressed on these criteria as pre-requisites, the Centre believes the court may take a serious relook if the potential Constitution amendment is challenged.However, according to official sources, the Centre may have little choice if political parties advocate this course of action at the meeting.Else, dalit activists argue that amendment to Sections 16(4) and 16(4A) - dealing with reservation in jobs and promotions - was a better way to remedy the situation.It is suggested that in 16(4), \"SCs/STs\" should be added afresh to \"backward class of citizens\" as beneficiary group; and in 16(4A), the sub-clause \"which are not adequately represented...\" should be deleted.The differentiation of SCs/STs from OBCs and deletion of the need to show inadequate share in services would neutralize the need for conditions to back quota.But as Congress feels the pressure of a fire-breathing BSP chief Mayawati accusing it of sabotage against dalits, its task is complicated by the opposition of Samajwadi Party .While OBC parties may seek promotion benefits for their support base, SP is vehemently opposed to giving \"consequential seniority\" to dalits which it claims puts OBCs and general recruits out of the reckoning in career progression. The party's demand for undoing provision on seniority may prove intractable since it has already been upheld by the apex court.The Samajwadi veto would be a political challenge to Congress since dalit votes may not figure in the SP calculus while the lead UPA player views them as core vote base.Else, there is unanimity among political parties on the need to restore 'promotion quota', if only to stay on the right side of dalits. BJP too may follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582451", "title": "Twitter may face govt axe in India", "text": "Twitter might face legal action if the popular microblogging site does not comply with Indian government's demand to censor objectionable content posted by its users.Stung by the misinformation campaign that spread like wildfire through SMS, Facebook, YouTube and Twitter in past weeks, the Indian government now seems to be moving ahead with its initial threat to tighten the noose around social media.Indicating this, a senior government official has said that Twitter has already been told that legal action may be taken against it as it had failed to cooperate with the Indian government in its efforts to find the source of and curtail the inflammatory messages against north-east citizens.Other websites, such as Facebook and YouTube have confirmed to the Indian government that the hate content against the people from north-eastern India had originated from Pakistan . However, they have said they cannot take direct action against such sites. But since both Google (parent of YouTube) and Facebook have offices in India, it will be easier for the government sleuths to work with them.However, India has reportedly faced a tardy response from Twitter, partly because the company doesn't have presence in India. The response from the US company to block 'objectionable content' is reported to be 'poor'.According to a department of telecom (DoT) official, if there is no firm response from Twitter, the Indian government will do whatever is necessary in order to \"address the problem.\"India may even seek the help of US Department of Homeland Security in order to curb all such websites that carry the hate content, including doctored pictures and other messages, DoT secretary R Chandrashekhar told a TV news channel.There are concerns that Twitter may not be able to adhere to the Indian government's guidelines due to the huge number of tweets and retweets that take place. This may be possible only if the site's entire content shared by internet users is filtered and screened for what is objectionable.Such a move may be self-defeatist for any social media site, industry watchers point out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "15577097", "title": "Vizag soon to have international air cargo terminal", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The port city would soon find a place on the map of the international air cargo sector with a full-fledged cargo terminal coming into place by April 2013. Vizag is today directly connected to Dubai, and by October, it is likely to have air connectivity with Singapore. This would result not only in passenger traffic rise but provide an impetus to the export of perishable goods, especially marine products.Currently, Vizag handles a mere 2,546.5 tonnes of cargo, which is next to nothing compared to the 3,70,255 tonnes of domestic and international cargo handled by Chennai and 79,046 tonnes by Hyderabad airports for the year 2011. For the same period, Bangalore handled 2,23,000 tonnes.Speaking on the need for a full-fledged cargo terminal in Visakhapatnam, Srinivasa Rao, director of the Vizag airport, noted that the port city was fast developing into a base for specialized export products. Furthermore, there is also a vast untapped agro sector from which perishable goods could be exported both within the country and outside.Visakhapatnam is today home to various pharmaceutical industries and also boasts of a diamond-cutting unit. Aqua culture products too are exported from the city. Though the cargo is today limited only to expensive products and highly perishable ones, the cargo terminal could bring about a vast change in both the volumes and variety of cargo being exported. Srinivasa Rao added that by facilitating a single window cargo terminal to all the airlines, things would become a lot easier for the exporters.On the status of the new cargo terminal, he said that a few modifications were needed at the old passenger terminal and, once they were approved by the customs and the Airports Authority of India, the terminal could be ready by December 2012, and the operations would begin by April 2013. As on today the chief products being exported from Vizag are diamonds, pharmaceutical products and shrimp feed.Assistant director of Marine Products Export Development Authority, Vizag, V V Raju noted that a full-fledged air cargo terminal would help in the export of fish, especially to the Middle East. He pointed out that as on today 99% of the marine exports amounting to 60,000 tonnes is by ship.Y G K Murthy, president, Federation of Indian Fisheries Industry, observed that a full fledged cargo centre at the airport, with connectivity to Singapore and Colombo, could rake in over Rs 100 crore to the fishing industry as it would help export Sashimi and Lion Tuna which have a huge market both in the east (especially Japan) as well as Europe. He observed that over 2,500 tonnes of A- grade Tuna alone could be exported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15584063", "title": "Mobile users complain of network congestion", "text": "MUMBAI: Sameer Hussain of Bandra wanted to send Eid wishes to at least 25 friends and relatives, but was able to contact only a few of them on Monday as there was heavy congestion in the mobile network.With cellphone users unable to send more than five SMSes a day to a government order, there has been a spurt in the number of calls. This, in turn, has led to congestion over the past three days.\"On Saturday, I could not call up some of my friends, whom I religiously contact every Navroz, or send them SMSes. Some of my other friends experienced the same thing when they tried to send Eid wishes on Monday,\" said Z Irani, a resident of Dadar.The government had ordered curbs on sending SMSes in a bid to prevent the circulation of rumours and hate messages in the wake of the ethnic violence in Assam.For the next 11 days, cellphone users would not be able to send more than five SMSes/MMSes a day, carrying not more than 25 KB of data. The government had initially asked telecom operators not to allow consumers to send more than five SMSes/MMSes at one go, but later changed it to five a day . This led to a lot of confusion on Saturday and Sunday.There was some confusion on Monday, too, as many post-paid users said they were able to send multiple SMSes at one go while others said they were unable to send more than five in the entire day.The curbs on SMSes have led to a rise in the number of calls. This, in turn, has led to another problem. \"Consumers have resorted to frequent calling instead of SMSing so that they do not cross the quota of five a day, which they may need during an emergency. As this is the season of festivals, the high volume of calls has virtually jammed the network,\" said Achintya Mukherjee of the Bombay Telephone Users' Association.\"Bringing the SMS quota down to just five has left people almost handicapped ,\" said Arnav Shetty , who works with a PR agency .Mobile operators, however, denied that there was any congestion in the network . They also claimed that there was no confusion regarding the SMS limit on Monday and the government's directive was being implemented without any glitches . The operators clarified that a day's unused SMSes would not be carried forward to the next day .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15583071", "title": "Bus service monitors arrive in Bhubaneswar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Nearly two years after the launch of city bus service in Bhubaneswar, the Centre has started an \"impact assessment\" study of the public transport system.A two-member team from an independent agency from Ahmedabad reached the state capital on Monday to collect baseline data about the city bus service, launched on October 10, 2010, under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission.\"The assessor would interact with various stakeholders, including passengers, bus staff and police on how the service is functioning. Feedbacks of all stakeholders would be taken into account,\" Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation's commissioner Sanjib Kumar Mishra told TOI. \"The agency would conduct the study for the next five to six days here. It will also carry out surveys of JNNURM projects in five other cities in India,\" Mishra said. Sources said the Centre has granted Rs 4.85 lakh for the study. At present, as many as 105 buses ply in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Khurda and Puri in public-private-partnership mode.DTS had earlier conducted a survey on its own and received feedbacks from passengers. Some of them had demanded installation of AC in buses. Others demanded proper bus bays and route charts for their convenience, sources said.The state government is unlikely to get a pat from the visiting assessors as the former is yet to establish adequate infrastructure in place for sustenance of the bus service.The agency is also slated to make a preparatory study ahead of the proposed implementation of bus rapid transit system (BRTS) in Bhubaneswar. \"Parking places, flyovers, road conditions and traffic arrangements among other would be discussed with the agency for BRTS project,\" BMC's city engineer T B K Shroff said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581102", "title": "Mira set to revive Shantaram, may rope in Depp, Big B", "text": "With the Big B too showing renewed interest, the filmmaker may start shooting Gregory David Roberts' 2003 bestseller soon...Mira Nair's once aborted plans to shoot Gregory David Roberts' 2003 bestseller Shantaram may finally take off. If all goes well, the filmmaker will plunge into the project next year after the release of her film, The Reluctant Fundamentalist .The epic about a convict on the run who hides in Mumbai's chawls, most likely to be portrayed by Johnny Depp, got stymied in 2007, when the Writers' Guild of America went on a strike. And so did Nair's dream of working with the Big B, who on his part, stoically maintained what isn't meant to happen won't happen. Besides, he wasn't kicked about going international for the longest time, till Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby happened.A source close to the mega star said, \"Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby , which he shot earlier this year, changed the Big B's perception of how the West sees Indian actors. To his surprise, he was not only accorded the highest degree of attention and respect but also ensured prominent billing in the credits and publicity in the posters, etc. The Big B is no longer skeptical of international projects.\"Not surprisingly, during her last visit to Mumbai, Nair was seen visiting the Big B's Janak bungalow more than once, and with good reason.A source close to the filmmaker said, \"Mira has not stopped dreaming of making Shantaram. It is very close to her heart. When it was temporarily aborted, she was heartbroken. Now with the Big B showing interest, she is all set to revive the project.\"When contacted, Nair did not rule out the possibility of Shantaram being revived but refused to divulge any details. About working with the Big B, she said, \"By sheer chance, he was there for the first screening of Namesake in Mumbai. He was overwhelming in Black and Sarkar . The best part is he loves to act. He still enjoys the process. I can still close my eyes and see Mr Bachchan and Johnny Depp together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15579500", "title": "Fake arms license racket busted in Sonipat", "text": "SONIPAT: A special investigating team (SIT) of Sonipat police claim to have busted a gang involved in issuing fake arms licenses with the arrest of a resident of Kasandi village here. The fake documents were prepared in Deemapur area of Nagaland and sold to people in Sonipat, Panipat, Rohtak and Delhi areas.The team has also seized two arms licenses issued in the name of Jitender, who has been arrested, 15 licenses, a revolver, one pistol, 30 rounds of bullets and a car from his possession. The arrested accused was produced in the court on Monday and remanded him in six-day police custody.Police spokesperson Ramesh Dalal said a trap was laid on Gohana road on Sunday evening to nab Jitender following a tip off. Preliminary investigation revealed that the issuing authority of these licenses is the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Deemapur. However, the officer's signatures on these seized documents differ from one license to another. Besides, there is no issuing date on these. Jitender has named one Sirazuddin of Nagaland in issuing these fake arm licenses and a police team sent there for further investigations. A case has been registered against Jitender under various sections of IPC and Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15583004", "title": "Mangalore airport revenue up", "text": "MANGALORE: The Bajpe airport here, which was under loss till 2005-06, is strengthening its financial position year after year. For the year 2011-12, its operating profits have touched Rs 9.5 crore, including deprecation, from a meager Rs 83 lakh in 2006-07.The major contributors to its revenue and operating profits have been increased domestic and international aircraft movements.Airport Director MR Vasudeva said the airport revenue for 2011-12 was Rs 42 crore and expenditure was at Rs 32.5 crore. The airport was incurring a loss of Rs 2.5 crore annually from 1998 to 2006. In 2006-07 it wiped all its losses and broke even.Vasudeva said this has been chiefly possible due to increased aircraft movement from 12 aircraft movements per day (1998-2006) between Mumbai and Bangalore to 32 movements per day to Mumbai, Delhi, Bangalore and various destinations in the Gulf.The commissioning of the international-standard second runway 2006, which has not only allowed international flights to land here but also larger Boeing aircrafts, was the catalyst for breaking the loss jinx. Vasudeva said that more than 75 per cent of the revenue has come from traffic movement, which includes landing fees, route navigational facility charges, parking bay fee and passenger service charges. The passengers pay User Development Fee of Rs 150 for domestic flights and Rs 650 for international flights. The non-traffic revenue includes rent from various concessionaires, royalty from tendered contracts and license fees. The major expenditure is on airport staff salaries, CISF deputation salaries, building maintenance, including power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578458", "title": "Cops fail to trace parents of new-born", "text": "NASHIK: Even as the abandoned new-born baby in Yeola undergoes treatment at the Civil Hospital, the guardian minister's visit to Yeola city has kept the police away for the last two days from tracing the infant's parents, sources at the Yeola taluka police station said.The baby was found abandoned on Wednesday on Kolgaon Road near Nagarsul village, within a few hours of her birth. While there were ports that there had been an attempt to bury the child alive, police later found that the baby had simply been abandoned.An offence under IPC Section 317 (abandonment of child under 12 years by parents) was registered. Cops at that time said urgent investigations were underway to trace the missing parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584320", "title": "Drug business gains momentum in Guwahati", "text": "GUWAHATI: With bars and wine shops in the city closing down, the usage of drugs will go up sharply, the All Assam IMFL Retailers' Association said.\"We are worried about the negative impacts of this closure of bars and wine shops. Once the drug business gains momentum in Guwahati, the crime graph will increase as fundamentalists and extremists in the northeast are running this business,\" secretary general of the association, Alak Dutta said on Monday.Following a Gauhati high court order on August 9, the Kamrup (metro) district administration closed down all the bars and liquor shops within 500 meter radius of educational institutions, religious places, courts and healthcare centers.Moreover, Dutta raised concern on unauthorized sale of liquor in the city by evading taxes. \"Today some of the unscrupulous traders are selling liquor even in vegetable shops in areas like Ganeshguri, which is not far away from Meghalaya. The business of contaminated country-made liquor is also thriving in the city,\" he added.Though liquor shops remain closed on Sundays in neighbouring districts, many customers bought liquor from wine shops in Meghalaya along NH-37 near Guwahati on Sunday. Salesmen sold liquor on Sunday night through backdoors in liquor shops on the Meghalaya side to cater to the huge demand of customers from Assam.Sources said some traders are carrying liquor to Sonapur in Kamrup (metro) district via the hilly roads to escape from the eyes of the excise department. Everyday, the state government is losing Rs 40 lakh as excise duty and Rs 35 lakh as VAT due to the closure of bars and wine shops.A study conducted by the association has revealed that nearly 50,000 people in the city have been rendered jobless after the closure of bars and wine shops in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15579261", "title": "\u2018SignalGuru\u2019: Technology helps drivers beat red lights", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have conducted successful trials of a new technology which could tell drivers the exact speed they should go to avoid halting at a red traffic light.Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are creating a technology known as 'SignalGuru' with which stop-start drives would be a thing of the past and drivers can ensure they face only green lights and a smooth ride, The Telegraph reported. The technology underwent successful trials in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where lights change at fixed intervals, and in Singapore, where their frequency is dictated by the level of traffic. The information about when traffic lights change was gathered by fitting cellphones to car dashboards.Once the information is crunched, the computer is able to calculate the best speed to avoid being caught by a red light. This is in turn transmitted back to the telephone and displayed to the motorist on a screen. Emmanouil Koukoumidis , the scientist behind the technology said the trials have been successful, with at worst the phones being only one second out of predicting when the lights would change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "15579571", "title": "Notice to actor Harbhajan Mann in cheating case", "text": "BATHINDA: The district court here has issued a notice to Punjabi singer and actor Harbhajan Mann in an alleged case of cheating and fraud.The court of Harjinder Kaur, civil judge (senior division) has directed Mann to personally appear in the court or through his counsel on September 1.The court notice has come on a petition by Bathinda-based Friends Film International Company against Mann, H&H; Production (P) Ltd, Mohali and Gulzaar Singh Chahal, for recovery of Rs 1.21 crore.Chahal runs H&H; Production in Mohali and the company had produced a film Heer-Ranjha, along with other partners.Munish Goel, partner of Friends Film International, had told the court in his petition in March this year that he, along with Anil Deepak from Faridkot and Mann, had agreed to make the Punjabi film.Shooting for Heer-Ranjha started in April 2009 with Friends Film International making an investment of Rs 71 lakh.However, Mann allegedly did not follow the agreement and when the movie was released in September, 2009, Friends Film International was not given any credits in the film as had been agreed upon earlier.According to Goel, Mann also refused to pay royalty and also did not return Rs 71 lakh.Goel said that he and his partner Anil Deepak had also filed complaint with SSP, Bathinda on June 27, 2011 in this regard and police had recorded our statements.Goel and his partner had moved the Bathinda court in March 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578473", "title": "Saluting bravery in face of adversity", "text": "Kabir Ahmed, Abdul Mukit and Md Amaduddin, all from Karimganj district in Assam, decided to stay put here despite the panic. They're employed as securitymen in various sectors. They got anxious calls from their families asking them to return to Assam. But the trio is made of stern stuff.\"We've never felt unsafe here, and there's no reason why we should leave Bangalore,\" said Amaduddin, as he would walk into his workplace after offering Ramzan prayers.Amaduddin was among several people from Assam who were felicitated on Monday by their employer who claims that none of his 155 employees from the northeast went back home during the recent crisis.They stayed at the Cox Town accommodation provided by their employer.\"There are no jobs in my home town and I have to feed my family. This is the only job I have and I can't afford to lose it just because some miscreants created this situation,\" said Bhaben Barua, who has been here for three years.Rajeb Basutary, a native of Kokrajhar district in Assam, admitted he's scared. Though he decided to stay back, he's unsure of the situation and toyed with the idea of going. But he hasn't.\"It's this spirit that we're felicitating. Despite being scared, they've decided to stay and continue with their work. Our counseling sessions have worked,\" said D Bhaskar, proprietor, Care Services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578250", "title": "Lavanyam 2012 to begin on Saturday", "text": "KOCHI: Lavanyam, 2012, the seven-day Onam celebrations organized by the district administration and the District Tourism Promotion Council will begin on August 25. The celebrations will kick off with a procession that will be followed by an official inauguration by chief minister Oommen Chandy at the Marine Drive.It is expected that pulikali, karakattam and other art forms will add colour to the proceedings and the inaugural ceremony. District collector P I Sheik Pareeth said on Monday that South African deputy minister for trade and industry Elizabeth Thabethe would be the chief guest on the first day. As part of Lavanyam, the authorities have organized various cultural programmes in three venues - Durbar Hall, Marine Drive and Museum of Art and Kerala History, Edappally.The seven-day celebrations that will conclude on August 31 will showcase0 a variety of entertainment programmes, including traditional dance and art forms, musical fusion, orchestra, drama fest, art and photography exhibition, mimics parade, fusion, classical dance and poetry recitation.Pareeth said that the cultural programmes would be held at the Marine Drive while the drama festival would be organized at Durbar Hall from August 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576655", "title": "Woman, son done to death by husband", "text": "HYDERABAD: A woman and her nine-year-old son were murdered allegedly by the woman's husband on Sunday night as he was having serious differences with her on financial matters.The victims were identified as Sajida Begum, 28, wife of Abdul Khaleel, and their son Abdul Rehman. Police said Khaleel smothered them to death at their house on Sunday night after an altercation with Sajida.Khaleel had married Sajida 13 years ago. The couple has two sons and two daughters and Rehman was their eldest son. A year ago, Rehman fell ill and both his legs were paralyzed. Rehman's medical treatment pushed the family into financial problems.On Sunday night, Sajida went to her parent's house and returned home at about 10.30 pm. Khaleel noticed that Sajida had applied mehendi and reportedly picked up an argument with her for wasting money. \"Sajida told him that the money was given by her parents and told him not to make a big issue about that on the festival eve. An infuriated Khaleel smothered her using a pillow. He then slashed her throat with a knife,\" Pahadishareef inspector K Giri Kumar said.After murdering his wife, Khaleel smothered his son Rehman, who was lying on the bed, police said. The incident came to light only on Monday morning when their youngest daughter went to her grandfather Ishaq's house in the neighbourhood and informed them. \"Ishaq went to his daughter's house with the girl and found the bodies,\" the inspector said.Based on his complaint, police booked a case against Khaleel under Section 302 (murder) of the IPC and launched a manhunt to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578538", "title": "HN Ananth Kumar differs with govt on Ghats tag", "text": "BANGALORE: BJP general secretary HN Ananth Kumar doesn't agree with his party and the government which is opposing the world heritage tag to Western Ghats.At a function on Monday, Kumar said rejecting the status is as ridiculous as rejecting the Nobel prize. \"Instead, we should accept it and continue to protect it on the lines of its merit (heritage tag),\" Kumar said.The Bangalore South MP was presiding over an interaction programme, 'Western Ghats, how much we know?' by the Adamya Chetana Trust.Environmentalist Praveen Bhargav maintained that the resolution opposing the world heritage tag had been passed without any larger dialogue, and based on wrong opinion.\"There was no discussion at all. They only said development will be affected. But the area selected consists of 1533 sqkm in two clusters in Karnataka of the seven in the Ghats which are considered hotspots of biodiversity. This means the area is less than 1% of the total area of the state (1,91,791 sqkm). Nobody is against development, it can take place in the rest (99%) of the area,\" he said.\"Local laws continue to operate and no persons will be displaced and no NGO will get money from Unesco. It is only the central government that will get assistance once it is declared a world heritage tag,\" Bhargav explained.Can't create a river\"We can build a Vikasa Soudha replicating a Vidhana Soudha, but we cannot create a river. Western Ghats is a store house of genetic material. It has a direct link to the state's water security, with many leading rivers originating in the area chosen for the tag. It is home to 5-000 odd flower plant species, with 1,700 endemic species apart from 508 birds and mammals. Forests cannot be regenerated by planting trees elsewhere,\" Bhargav pointed out.\"Further fragmentation of Western Ghats needs to be eliminated or minimized. Political will and statesmanship are needed for this. The mantra should be 'Act locally, think globally',\" Bhargav added.Protect the GhatsWestern Ghats is like the treasury of RBI ( Reserve Bank of India ). It houses 4,000-5,000 species of plants, several hundred medicinal plants and animals. People are now carrying packaged water bottles. In future. they may have to carry oxygen cylinders if the Ghats is not protected.Harish Bhat, Environmentalist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578373", "title": "Students remain indoors on Eid", "text": "BANGALORE: A weekday holiday usually means unlimited fun for these college students. But on Monday, they stayed indoors and did not dare step out even once.The northeast students in the city maintained low visibility on Eid. Inside the campus, they had their local counterparts running errands for them. Enjoying the security the campuses provided, most of them spent the day tracking news and staying together.\"It's a great relief to be with others. We played on the ground, watched movies and kept a tab on the developments. It was a great relief after so many days of tension,\" said Worin Muirah, a master of social work student who is staying inside St Joseph's College now.Ask Suzania Sharma, a Manipuri student, about the mood on Monday and you would realize how isolated they were from the outside world. \"I have no clue what is happening. I have not even stepped out. I'm in constant touch with my parents. It's a relief to know that there are so many police personnel on the road.\"\"The networking was quite strong on Monday. We ensured each other's safety and nobody dared step out of the house. We were closely following news, checking Twitter and Facebook. The fear is deep set. It might take a couple more days for life to come back to normalcy,\" said Rashi Jauhri, coordinator, students for Free Tibet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579042", "title": "Information as virus", "text": "As the world is becoming more intricately connected, its relationship with information is changing in afundamental way. Three unconnected events---the killing of innocent Sikhs at a Wisconsin gurdwara, the exodus of people from the northeast from many parts of India following rumours and the continuing saga of Julian Assange and Wikileaks---all shed light on the changing nature of our engagement with information and the new anxieties that surround its use and abuse.In the case of the gurdwara shootings, what is striking is the power of ignorance that is determined not to know better. In a world overloaded with information, it would have taken afew milliseconds to find out a little more about Sikhism and come to the conclusion that it had nothing to do with 9/11 or any attacks on Americans. Horrific as all hate crimes are, here the horror is given an added edge by the fact that the shooter got his hate wrong by targeting people, who even by his warped standards, were unconnected with the imagined grievances he harboured in his mind. The incident suggests that no amount of information, however widely circulated and easily accessible, can by itself overcome determined ignorance and pre-conceived prejudice. In a larger sense, in spite of the dramatically higher volume of information that circulates through the world today, it has made little dent on the volume of prejudice.The sudden exodus from the northeast from many Indian cities is almost entirely the result of a surfeit of information, the multiplication of motivated rumour by social media. Both the Mumbai violence and the northeastern exodus were enabled by social media, in the former case, by way of morphed pictures and videos using footage from incidents outside Assam and in the latter by falsehoods and exaggerations. Even when the state uttered many assurances and for once politicians across parties closed ranks, the rush to leave continued unabated. The power of unsubstantiated rumour is hardly a new phenomenon; we have many instances of it in India. it occurs in almost every riot, political scandal and once in a while in the form of miracles like Ganesha drinking milk all over the country, but in this case the key role was played by a new technology, one that promises to free up information from being controlled by a few, enabling greater transparency.In the third instance, we see how the truth too can be deeply contentious. The attack against Assange is unprecedented in the naked use of every instrument that is available to governments in shutting him down and locking him up. His offence is one that strikes at the heart of the anxieties of the state in having its inner mechanisms revealed. Wikileaks tells us for sure what we have otherwise suspected---that the state acts in ways vastly different from what it professes, and does so quite cynically. But the issue is not merely about showing us the true colours of most regimes; it has to do with the presumption that all information has automatic value.By demonizing all private information as a sinister form of secret, and making the truth , no matter how private or how sensitive, a public commodity, Wikileaks builds a crude model of our reality, one which ignores the need sometimes for information to be cloaked and for appearances to be maintained. Not all truth sets us free, and while the withholding of information has undoubtedly been used to create power asymmetries, not all information can carry an air of presumptive righteousness. By setting it free in its rawest form, Wikileaks shows us that truth too has limits on its value. Wikileaks makes the truth pornographic, by making it a titillating display of undifferentiated wares, a laying bare of the inner for the satisfaction of sight alone.In an earlier era, when the transmission of information was centrally regulated, it was easier to think of it as a resource that needs to be shared more widely and made more accessible. More information was almost always better, and the battle to extract more was often a heroic one. The reason why journalism was seen through a lens of romance was because it represented the act of extricating the truth from the jaws of the powerful and the corrupt. The RTI Act in India for instance has been a key instrument in enabling greater transparency and accountability of powerful and hitherto opaque institutions. But with the greater penetration of the market into media and the dramatic democratization of information, not just in terms of being able to access but also in being able to broadcast it, the default belief in its inherent and limitless legitimacy needs to be rethought.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582056", "title": "Divya's smile is officially charming", "text": "While anchoring and stage performances are not new to Divya Dutta , this one was special. At the recently concluded first edition of the Punjab International Film Academy Awards, Toronto, (PIFAA), Divya, who also anchored the award ceremony with Gurpreet Ghuggi, Sonu Sood and Kapil Sharma, paid a tribute to Dharmendra by performing on his songs.\"Dharam ji is the brand ambassador of PIFAA. And I had to pay a tribute to him at the show. So, I chose all his famous songs to dance on, right from 'Jatt Yamla' to 'Dream Girl',\" says Divya. A medley of Dharmendra's songs, Divya's presentation impressed the Garam Dharam so much that by the end of it he couldn't hold back anymore and joined Divya on stage. \"It was during the Jatt Yamla song that he came on stage and did his adorable steps,\" says Divya. But that was not to be the end of Divya's highlight for the evening because what followed has now become a highlight for the rest of her life.\"After the performance, Dharam ji bestowed me the title of 'the most charming smile award' and followed it with an overwhelming speech on how he was first apprehensive of me joining the industry and today, how proud he is that I did,\" beams the actress, obviously touched by the legendary actors' words for her. The next day of the film festival brought more reasons to cheer for Divya. Marking her debut on the international stage, Divya performed Teri Amrita, a Punjabi adaptation of the Hindi play 'Tumhari Amrita', which was rendered by Shabana Azmi and Farookh Sheikh. \"We premiered the play in Toronto to a standing ovation,\" says Divya who shared staged with Om Puri who also created this adaptation thus giving the actress reasons to smile a little more!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581497", "title": "Subhalekha Rasukunna song to be shot in Iceland", "text": "The remix song - 'Subhalekha Rasukunna' in Ram Charan-starrer Naayak, would be shot in Iceland from August 22. The famous song from megastar Chiranjeevi-starrer Kondaveeti Donga was originally supposed to be shot on Ram Charan and Kajal Aggarwal but now director V V Vinayak would film on Charan and Amala Paul.Apparently, the makers cite that they had a problem with Kajal's dates as she could not accommodate them after the unit made all arrangements for the song shoot in some exotic locations in Iceland. So Charan and Amala Paul will now groove to Thaman's remix tunes for the romantic number.Coming with a tag line 'The Leader', Naayak's audio songs will be launched in December while the movie is schedule for 2013 pongal release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579041", "title": "Cyber crime cops to probe SMS case", "text": "City police handed over the case of objectionable MMSs and SMSs which triggered panic among people from the northeast in Bangalore to the cyber crime cell attached to the Criminal Investigation Department (CID).Three persons were arrested on Saturday in this connection, DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau said.Anees Pasha, 26, who runs a mobile shop called New Fonotech in Koramangala VII Block, his brother , Thaseem Nawaz, 32, of Platinum Court in BTM I Stage, and Shahid Salman Khan, 22, of Teachers' Colony in Venkatapura allegedly spread rumours through SMSs and uploaded videos to incite hatred.Police raided the shop, arrested Anees and seized incriminating material like four mobile phones, two computers and a laptop. Anees admitted that he and his associates were sending SMSs to a large number of people which wrongly depicted violence in the northeast.\"We're yet to find out whether they belonged to any organized group or extremist outfit. There is one gang member still at large. We'll arrest him and find out whether the gang has any cross-border connection which made them indulge in such mischief,\" said an investigating officer.The confiscated equipment has been handed over to the cyber crime cell. A senior official of a central intelligence agency told TOI the three youths have definite links with an extremist group. \"We suspect they're linked to some terror outfit in Bangladesh ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578058", "title": "Fasting ends, Walled City feasts on Eid spirit", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was a day of celebration, feasting and prayers, but above all a time to spend with family. Far removed from the glitz of malls, Eid in the Walled City was all about observing traditions. As the sun rose after a joyous chaand-raat, Muslims made their way to mosques in new clothes. In Old Delhi, it was the 17th Century Jama Masjid that folded thousands of worshippers into its courtyard at prayer time.As the air echoed with special prayers, heads bowed down in sijdah. After a month of fasting and observing other rigours, people displayed an appetite for celebration. Streets that were deserted during the prayers were soon crowded with shoppers hugging and wishing Eid Mubarak. Ballimaran and Lal Kuan resembled a fair ground.Chandani Bushra, 11, rushed to her father, who was returning from the mosque, to demand her eidi. Like other children she wanted to use her gift of money for rides on the hand-operated merry-go-round. \"I got Rs 50 from my father,\" she said, before running off to join the family party for a picnic.Muskaan Khan, 14, her six siblings and their parents visited Red Fort from Loni. \"We have come here for a family picnic. Later, we will shop with the money we get as eidi,\" she said.Asked whether she had eaten sheer khurma, the traditional sweet prepared on Eid-ul-Fitr, Muskaan said, \"We will have it when our aunt comes over. We shall all share and eat together.\"Eid marks the celebrations at the end of the holy month of Ramzan. According to popular belief, Ramzan is the month of Allah and all Muslims have been commanded to fast, pray, give alms, and be honest. To celebrate this life of purity, Muslims celebrate Eid by preparing a sweet dish called sheer khurma. They also buy new clothes and visit the homes of their loved ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577669", "title": "Monsoon revives, drought fears diminish", "text": "JAIPUR: After a lull, monsoon has revived in the state with eastern and southern parts of the state receiving good rain on Monday.Though Jaipurities woke up to a pleasant morning, it was followed by widespread rain. By afternoon most places witnessed waterlogging especially in low-lying areas. The roads including MI Road, JLN Marg, station road and bus stand remained flooded with water for almost two hours. Overall, Pink City received nearly 65 mm rain till 8.30 pm. The mercury took a sudden dip with city recording a maximum temperature of 29.6 degrees Celsius, nearly three degrees below normal.The rain was welcomed by those celebrating the holy festival of Eid. The continuous rain did not dampen their zeal as people were seen greeting each other.Meanwhile, a labourer was killed while repairing a sewerage line in Shivdaspura village in Jaipur district.Met office said mild to moderate showers will continue in the eastern and western parts of the state at least for two more days.According to Met officials, the ongoing spell of the monsoon would be the final spell which will last till August 30.The data with the irrigation department suggested that despite a third spell of rainfall in the state, at least 15 districts have received deficit rainfall. The western districts including Barmer, Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Churu and Jodhpur are among them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15569036", "title": "We are a fresh team and will do well: Vishnu Vardhan", "text": "Things are definitely looking up for Vishnu Vardhan on the tennis circuit. Opportunity is constantly knocking at this promising player's door.First, he got an entry into the Olympics and partnered with Leander Paes . Now, he has been picked for the Davis Cup squad for the Davis Cup Asia-Oceania Group I tie against New Zealand in September.Interestingly, it's a 'new-look' team and the All India Tennis Association (AITA) has dropped Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna on disciplinary grounds (remember the pre-Olympics tennis row?). While Vishnu carefully avoids commenting on the latter, he hails AITA's decision and choice of players for the Davis Cup.\"It's a good decision and a big opportunity for all of us. I would not like to comment on Bhupathi and Bopanna being dropped,\" he says.\"This is the first time in 17 years that the Davis Cup squad has no Bhupathi or Paes. But Vishnu is confident that they will perform well. \"We are all good friends and play tournaments together. It's a fresh team and we will do well,\" he says.His Olympic experience will play a positive role in his performance, he feels. Yes, Leander and he did crash out of the Big Games and the tennis contingent returned minus any medal, but Vishnu says they gave it their best. \"We played the best we could; better than our and others' expectations. Yes, we fell short but playing with Leander and against such great players of the world was a learning experience,\" he says.Did the whole tennis controversy interfere with the medal-winning prospects? \"No. We practised enough and spent a lot of time both on and off court. It's just that Leander and I were unlucky on that day. Leander played exceptionally well - one of his best games ever - and together too we played how we intended to. It was just one of those days when things don't work out. The French team we played against went on to win silver...\" he says.So what is his game plan now? \"It would be a dream to go for the next Olympics. I need to get my ranking higher. The ATP Challenger Tournament has more points at stake. My immediate target is to get within 150 of doubles and 240 of singles,\" he says.Paes is a constant inspiration for Vishnu. \"I'm in Delhi now but we are in touch. After the Olympics, I have made it a point to keep updating him or his father. In fact, his father is trying to chalk out a good programme for me,\" he shares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578134", "title": "Trader abducted by 5, freed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trader who owns a shop in Outer district was kidnapped from Rohini on Sunday night by at least five unidentified men, prompting an eight-hour hunt for him. Police finally freed Nand Lal after an hour-long chase and arrested one of the accused.Police said Nand Lal, who has a shop in the Samaipur Badli area, was called over to Sector 16 in Rohini by the accused on the pretext of finalizing a business deal. Once Lal reached the spot, he was pushed into a Bolero and taken to an unidentified location near Kharkoda village in outer Delhi.\"The first ransom call demanding Rs 60,000 was made to the victim's family at the night itself. The family did not inform police and paid the ransom, hoping Lal would be released,\" said an official.However, that did not end Lal's ordeal. \"The accused called up the family yet again and demanded Rs 2 lakh to release him. It was then that the family contacted us. A case of kidnapping for ransom was registered at the K N Katju Marg police station in Rohini and investigations were started. We tapped their telephone number and also started keeping a watch on the family members,\" said the police officer who led the probe.To ensure Lal's safe return, \"we waited for the kidnappers to make the next move. The phone came two hours later. The family offered to pay through jewellery as it did not have so much of ready cash and the kidnappers agreed,\" he added.After getting the second payment, the kidnappers did not immediately release Lal and kept moving all around outer Delhi while four police teams \u2014 each led by an ACP \u2014 followed the SUV. \"We could not move in as they kept shifting Lal's position in the car,\" an officer said.Lal was finally released just before the day break. Police continued to trail the SUV and managed to block its path. While one accused was arrested, the others fled. \"We have identified all the accused and are conducting raids across the city to catch them,\" said the cop.Initial investigations indicate that a financial dispute may have prompted the kidnapping, said B S Jaiswal, DCP (outer).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi/hyderabad", "code": "15576474", "title": "Dharmana Prasada Rao may go Virbhadra way", "text": "NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: The fate of roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao as well as other ministers who are in the eye of storm over issuance of 26 controversial GOs is set to be decided in a day or two. Sources said there was a big question mark over the continuance of secondary education minister K Parthasarathi also what with the party high command likely to take a decision on tainted ministers.Insiders said the party wants to apply the same yardstick as was applied in the case of Virbhadra Singh , former Union minister for small and medium enterprises, who resigned from the cabinet following framing of charges against him in Himachal Pradesh. Sources in the AICC said after the acceptance of Virbhadra's resignation by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , it was highly improbable to postpone the acceptance of the resignation of Dharmana.As per the indications from the AICC, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy would be given the 'green signal' to accept the resignation of Dharmana, who is accused No 5 in the chargesheet filed by CBI in the Vanpic land allotment case. Dharmana had resigned from the cabinet following the filing of chargesheet in the case last week.Insiders said the party high command is unlikely to attach much importance to the claims of Dharmana that he was innocent and he had no role in issuance the GO assigning thousands of acres of land to the private promoters of Vanpic project. \"Virbhadra Singh is a senior leader in Himachal politics. He was a five-term chief minister. He had resigned after the Himachal high court found him guilty in a 23-year-old case. The Prime Minister then accepted his resignation without batting an eyelid,\" a senior Congress leader pointed out.Besides, party president Sonia Gandhi is in no mood to give a second thought on those leaders facing corruption charges, sources averred. \"As far as corruption charges are concerned, the party has only one yardstick. It was applied in the case of Virbhadra Singh. It will be applied to all others also, including Dharmana,\" AICC sources said.Meanwhile, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana is in Delhi to brief the high command on the issue. Botsa had a meeting with Kiran Kumar at his camp office in the morning before he left for Delhi. Governor ESL Narasimhan is said to have submitted a report to the Centre on the Congress and governance in the state. According to sources, the report portrayed a dismal picture of the party and the governor is said to have suggested drastic steps to refurbish the image of the government as well as the party in Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15584843", "title": "When family is around, it's Eid", "text": "HUBLI: All the 24 family members of Wahab Mulla, general secretary of Anjuman-e-Islam (Hubli), eagerly waited for Ramzan (Eid-ul-Fitr) since Sunday night itself. Many of them kept themselves busy making necessary arrangements for the festival till late night.On Monday morning, they woke up at 5am and went for the first prayer at Koul Peth mosque at 6am. Women read Quran and offered prayers.The members of Wahab's family - who included four of his brothers and their children -- wore new kurta-paijama and sherwani went for mass prayer at the Idgah Maidan.It has been a tradition for Wahab's family to offer 2.5kg of wheat as zakaat-al-fitr (charity) at the time of breaking the fast. Saris in dress materials are also given to the needy in the name of each person of the family. The children wished their elders, who in turn gave gave Eidi (gift in the form of cash).Wahab told TOI that they eagerly celebrated Eid, \"which is one of our big festivals\". After the mass prayer, all his brothers went to kabrasthan (graveyard) to pay homage to the departed souls.Once Wahab and his brothers exchanged greetings with near and dear ones, it was time to dine. The menu included sheer khurma (which was rich in dry fruits) served with ghee, mutton biryani, chicken and mutton delicacies, rice, gulab jamun, etc.Wahab's wife Mumtaz Begum said that they prepared food after reading Quran and performing namaz.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579169", "title": "Students wary of rumours, but stay put in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: Swaranjeet Basumantary and his classmates from NE states are worried about their safety but have decided to stay back in the city. However, none of them have stepped out of their rented accommodation near their college in Chinnavedampatti since violence started in Assam and rumours regarding attacks on people from NE started doing the rounds. They have curtailed their weekend outings and spend time with each other, constantly checking up on their family members back home and spending time listening to music.\"I am very much worried about my family members since we are staying close to the area where the clashes are being reported. It is very sad that some miscreants are trying to give a communal shade to the crisis. Initially, my parents were asking me to return but not anymore. They have asked me to stay back here in Coimbatore itself,\" says Swaranjeet, who hails from Kokhrajhar, where his father is an executive engineer in the water resources department.Swaranjeet is pursuing a degree in business management with computer applications from a private college here. He along with friends, Meren Sor from Nagaland and Michael Ering from Arunachal Pradesh , are keeping a close watch on the situation.\"We did not receive any SMS or hate message on our phones but the social networking sites are flooded with it and it is very disturbing,\" Meren Sor.Aibankitboklang Lyngdoh and Shonshon Green Kharjana from Manipur have also decided to stay on in Coimbatore for the time being and not pack their bags. Lyngdoh has been in Coimbatore for the last two years and is pursuing BCom with IT while Kharjana is doing an MCA. They stay in the hostel of CMS college of Arts and Science along with Likha Tedo from Arunachal Pradesh, a BCom student.\"We have decided to curtail hanging out in the city during the weekends for a few days. We feel safe in our college campus. The college authorities have also asked some of our friends staying outside the campus to temporarily move in to the hostel if they fear about their safety,\" Kharjana added.Though there was a mass exodus of NE from the city during the past three days, the situation seemed to have improved as police claimed that nobody left the city on Monday. The NE student community also claimed they felt safe and a majority of them have decided to stay back though they are still apprehensive about their security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584748", "title": "Barun Sobti spends birthday with friends!", "text": "Barun Sobti has created a frenzy with his onscreen presence as Arnav in Star Plus' Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon and his female fan following knows no bounds.Barun, who is currently a hot favourite and is considered as one of the most popular actors in the TV industry, continues to impress audiences with his performances. As the actor turns a year older today (21st August 2012), for a change he's taken a break from his hectic shooting schedules to spend some quality time with friends.Says the birthday boy, \"I am not shooting today and although I have nothing special planned, I'm doing a small, quite lunch with a few close friends\".Wishes galore for Barun Sobti! Hope this special year brings in more good for the actor!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577729", "title": "Excess rain threatens to damage crop", "text": "JAIPUR: The scattered rainfall has proved to be a bane for the farmers in the state. While some parts of the state have been left high and dry, excess rainfall in some districts threatens to damage the standing crop.Continuous showers for the past few days have caused damage to the crop at the sarwad area in Ajmer district. Farmers, now, are worried that if heavy rain continues for a few more days, the extent of crop damage will increase significantly.After a spell of retreating monsoon, the seeds now need sunlight. \"Plants need water and sunlight. The fields have received enough water during first two weeks of August. Rainfall during this time may damage the crop as it needs more sunlight,\" said Mahendra Singh Rathore, farmer at Kekri.Pulses like moong, urad and other crops like maize and sorgum are considered sensitive and are prone to damage due to water clogging. These crops have been sown in large quantities in Bundi, Banswara, Dungarpur, Jhalawar, Ajmer and Kota districts. Of these, Banswara and Dungarpur have already received excess rain.The agriculture department is also monitoring the situation and making efforts to check standing water in the farms. \"Some farmers from Dungarpur have raised the issue of water clogging, but we believe excess rainfall is not the cause. The streams which act as conduit for throwing excess water of the fields are running to full capacity. As a result, water is getting accumulated in the arable land. This is happening in just a few patches which will be sorted out,\" an agriculture department official said.Agriculture experts, however, said the farmers' concerns are unwarranted as the water clogging problem is restricted to a few areas. \"All the districts falling under the Kota and Udaipur division have a heavy textured soil. So excessive water in these areas can lead to anaerobic situation where plants do not receive enough amounts of oxygen and nutrients. But we are far away from that case\" said RP Jangir, director (research), Swami Keshwanand Rajasthan Agricultural University, Bikaner.In some parts, the heavy rain has proved beneficial. The sowing in western Rajasthan, which was lagging behind, has picked up pace. According to the official data, cereals have been sown on 48 lakh hectare area, which is 69% of the target area. Similarly, area covered for sowing pulses has reached 15.14 lakh hectare, which is 60% of the target area. Sowing of oilseeds has been done on 17.8 lakh hectare, a notch above the target of 17.2 lakh hectare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "15576782", "title": "Past week has been tough, but clarifying, says Zakaria", "text": "NEW YORK: Noted Indian-American writer and journalist Fareed Zakaria, who was briefly suspended by Time magazine and CNN after he was accused of plagiarism, described the episode as \"tough\" and \"clarifying\" and said he now realizes the focus of what he wants to do ahead.Zakaria's suspension was revoked by Time and CNN last week, days after he had issued an apology for lifting a passage for an article he wrote on gun control for Time. \"This has been a tough week, but it has also been clarifying,\" Zakaria said in a New York Times article. \"You find out what matters to you in life, who your friends are.\"Zakaria said he was apologetic for his \"a terrible mistake...This week has been very important because it has made me realize what is at the core of what I want to do.\"The Harvard and Yale graduate said he wanted to \"help people to think about this fast-moving world and do this through my work on TV and writing\". He said the mistake occurred when he confused the notes he had taken about Lepore's article with those taken from 'Gunfight: The Battle Over the Right to Bear Arms in America', by Adam Winkler, a copy of which was on his desk at his CNN office.Zakaria says he now plans to cut back work. He also plans to make fewer speeches. \"Other things will have to go away. There's got to be some stripping down,\" he added. Zakaria has his hands full with his work at Time and CNN.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "15582002", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi's 68th birth anniversary: Rich tributes paid by Jharkhand Congress", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand Congress on Monday paid tributes to late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi on his 68th birth anniversary.\"It was Rajiv Gandhi who initiated information and communication technology in the country, triggering a boom in the sectors,\" Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay said after garlanding Rajiv's photo.\"India is one of the leading countries in these two sectors,\" the minister said, as he and other Congress leaders remembered the late Prime Minister on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15577523", "title": "65% jump in higher education enrolment in 4 years: Kapil Sibal", "text": "NEW DELHI: The number of students enrolling for higher education appears to have shot up dramatically. According to a recent survey done by the HRD ministry, the gross enrolment ratio (GER) for higher education has shot up from 12.4 to 20.2.Disclosing this on Monday at a conference titled, EducatioNext, organized by The Times of India, HRD minister Kapil Sibal said that the figure for India had been hovering at around 12. However, according to the survey there it has surged in the last four years. The main focus of the conference, attended by academics and education experts, was \"India-The Education Superpower of the Future\".\"The results of the survey are tentative and not firm, but if validated, they are very encouraging. The ratio for developed countries is in the region of 35-40. The survey results show that we are getting there. If they hold, we can expect the ratio to go up to 30-35 by 2029,\" he said. GER is a measure of the percentage of the relevant age group that is enrolled.The minister said that the difference in the GER is often the difference between developed and developing countries. \"The gross turnover of ideas, generated by the university system, is the real wealth of nations - often more valuable than GDP,\" he said.Sibal said higher enrolment in universities is throwing up its own set of challenges. \"This large influx into higher education (beyond 10+2 level) would possibly require 800 more universities and 50,000 more colleges. How can the physical infrastructure be built so quickly? Yet there can't be any delay. Even a year's delay means the child is older by a year,\" he said. By 2030, the number of kids vying for university education will touch 400 million, the size of the population of USA, he said.The situation requires out-of-the-box solutions, he said. \"We have come up with a five-point action plan based on the advantages of new technology. You will hear much more about this in the coming days,\" he added, listing out the five measures (see graphic).These measures seek to harness the internet and cloud-computing with low cost devices like tablets, including Akash, the Rs 1,500 tablet adopted by HRD ministry for free distribution (with 50% of the cost being borne by the education institution and the other 50% by the Centre), and mobile phones.Sibal added that 2.5 lakh villages would be connected by fibre optics to build a powerful information highway. \"The last-mile connectivity would be wireless-accessed by tablets and mobile phones. Not just courses, video uploads can create virtual workshops and labs as well as self-assessment procedures,\" he said.Five Changes Coming1. Low-cost devices such as tablets and mobile phones would play critical role in education in absence of physical infrastructure2. Proliferation of cloud-computing. This will serve 4 regions which,in turn, will serve various colleges3. Open education resources to be expanded by providing course content through IT highway. Communications network will be built4. Hundreds of courses will be sent out online and make it possible for students to create own combination - e.g., mathematics and music5. Communications infrastructure to create virtual world for students to work with machines on the net or carry out lab experiments", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577886", "title": "Congress plays down talk of Gopinath Munde joining party", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when political circles are ripe with the possibility of the Congress extending a hand to BJP leader Gopinath Munde , state Congress president Manikrao Thakre on Monday played down the hype.With the Congress suffering a setback with the death of former CM Vilasrao Deshmukh last week, the possibility of the party offering Munde a \"sweet deal\" is being discussed in political circles. Following Deshmukh's death, the party has lost its face in Marathwada. Munde has been sulking for being marginalized in the state with Nitin Gadkari at the helm of BJP affairs. Speaking to the media on Monday, Thakre denied any discussion of Munde joining Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583170", "title": "Gayatri Club brings spirit of freedom alive", "text": "LUDHIANA: While the nation's 66th Independence Day was celebrated in city with customary pomp and colour on Wednesday, continuing with the patriotic fever Gayatri Ladies Club also celebrated I-Day in a city-based hotel on Monday.Beautifully dressed in white, green and saffron, the members of the club sang patriotic songs, played dance games and enjoyed scrumptious lunch to keep the spirits high.Apart from enjoying the cultural celebrations, the club members also made the most of their meeting by inviting a beautician Rippy Chitwal for an interactive talk session with the ladies. Chitwal gave valuable beauty tips on skin and hair care keeping the rainy season in mind.In a celebration of the country's stunning cultural diversity, the ladies brought to fore the spirit of national integration through a graceful song and dance show. The performance was presented by the new members of the club - Deepti Gupta, Dimple, Hardeep Arora Kiran Dhingra and Neeti Bansal - on song, 'Bharat ke rehne walo'. Shelly Goyal and Ravneet Kaur choreographed the dance.\"This was my first ever dance performance on stage. We practiced for almost a week and I'm glad it turned out well,\" said Kiran Dhingra, a resident of BRS Nagar.\"It was a delight to watch the ladies dance so gracefully on stage, dressed in Tricolour hues,\" said Shelly Goyal, 38, a resident of Aggar Nagar.President of the club, Ravneeet Kaur said, \"Celebrating festivals and important days has always been the main emphasis of the club. Dancers cast a spell over everybody and I'm sure that the club members enjoyed every moment of the celebration.\"Vouching that no celebration is complete without tambola, members also enjoyed their favourite game before heading home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581185", "title": "Aamir's Eid celebration with son at Chicago den", "text": "The actor and his wife Kiran host a big bash at their apartment to celebrate their eight-month-old son Azad's first-ever EidAamir Khan and wife Kiran celebrated their eight-month-old son Azad's first Eid in Chicago. And the doting dad that he is, Aamir pulled out all stops to make it a memorable one. It is learnt the couple hosted a big bash at the apartment they've rented for the time Aamir will be in Chicago , shooting for the first schedule of Yash Raj Films' Dhoom 3.The guest list had a few of Kiran and Aamir's friends who are based in the city apart from the cast and crew of the Yash Raj film. Dhoom 3 co-stars Abhishek Bachchan and Uday Chopra were there though Katrina Kaif could not make it as she is busy shooting in Ladakh for Yash Chopra's directorial starring Shah Rukh and Anushka Sharma .Unit members who graced the occasion included director Vijay Krishna Acharya, director of photography Sudeep Chatterjee (of Guzaarish fame) and action director Conrad among others.Aamir told us, \"Azad ki pehli Eid hai. Hungama toh banta hai.\" Elaborating on the celebrations, a friend of the actor said, \"Everybody let their hair down. There was music. And of course, the meal was sumptuous.\"To give the do a personal touch, the food wasn't sourced from outside. \"Aamir's trusted cook, Farzana (who was earlier with his mom before working at Aamir's Mumbai residence) was in charge of the entire menu. She has been with Aamir for more than ten years now. In fact, she even takes care of Azad, and Aamir and Kiran haven't appointed a nanny yet. She is as good as a family member to them,\" added the friend.We heard the delectable spread comprised biryani, mutton, kheer and different kinds of kebabs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578664", "title": "Women break an age-old barrier on Eid", "text": "KOLKATA: Reshma Parveen knelt down gingerly, her dupatta placed neatly on her head and her hands cupped in prayer. She bowed down gently, her forehead touching the polythene sheet on the grass, as she repeated the namaz chant in whispers. Her friends Afroza Islam and Moushumi Islam rubbed shoulders with her and about a dozen other women across a partition that separated them from the men offering prayers 50 metres away. On a rainy Eid morning, they broke an age-old tradition and took a step that could be considered quite revolutionary. They offered prayers in the open and shared space with men at Salt Lake's Nazrul Kanan.The girls seemed quite proud to have broken a practice that isn't sanctioned in Islam, they claimed. \"It feels nice to come out in the open and start the day praying with everybody else. So far, we would be forced to stay indoors during prayers and felt left out. But this has been a special day and I loved it,\" said Reshma, greeting Afroza with a tight hug. Students of Bhagabati Debi Balika Bidyalaya, the girls said they have never seen women praying out of home. \"But when we were told that we could join the Eid prayer, we were delighted. Why should it be reserved for men alone,\" asked Afroza, a Class XI student.The girls and the women prayed under the watchful eyes of Mariam Wali, a former teacher and vice-president of the Harmony Association of Salt Lake that took the initiative last year. When it threw open the Eid prayers to women, it was greeted with frowns from a section of the community. But Mariam and association secretary Irfan Asad held firm.\"We argued that no Muslim law has ever forbidden women from taking part in Eid prayers so long as it didn't disrupt the prayers. A thousand years ago, women would pray with men. Some fundamentalists discouraged it and later banished women from mosques and prayer meetings. We felt that the time has come to bring women back and restore their right to pray,\" said Mariam.She added that it wasn't easy, though. \"I had to convince the men. In our society, there is a tendency to hold women back. But times are changing and Muslim women have turned assertive and modern, too. They are steadily pushing their way into male bastions,\" said Mariam.They indeed are, according to Latifa Hassan, a Salt Lake homemaker. The first among the women to walk into the ground despite a steady drizzle, Latifa ushered in a couple of her neighbours who seemed a shade tentative. She rolled out a sheet on the ground and instructed the women to take their positions. \"Cover your heads. Let's get ready. The namaz has started,\" she whispered, even as the women formed three rows behind her.The namaz was over in 15 minutes and the women were ready to leave. \"It's hard to fathom why we would be kept out of this. Women don't hamper prayers in any way. We had so far been denied the right to be part of the morning festivities. Thankfully, it's now changing. But it's sad that the vast majority of Muslim women are still not allowed to pray outdoors,\" said Latifa.Did she have her family's approval? \" Yes , I do,\" said Latifa. \"Barring a few, none stopped their women from praying here. But it's not widely encouraged either. It takes time for things to change and so we must keep up the campaign. We hope that the right to pray will lead to greater all-round freedom for women as well,\" she added.It can't be taken for granted though, felt Mariam. \"A host of social and economic reasons are involved and they can't be wished away. We need to strive for women's rights in our community. But this is a small but significant step for us. In fact, since we started this, several districts have followed our example. It will help more Muslim women to venture out and give them the confidence to share space with men,\" said Mariam.Women have never been barred from prayers, said Mohammed Khurshid Alam Naqvi, the Imam of Karalibazar mosque in Baruipur who led the namaz. \"Islam permits all to take part in Eid prayers. It's unfair to leave out women. You can't change a practice overnight, but you can always make a beginning. We have done that. Now, it's for the rest to follow,\" said Naqvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "writer pankaj mishra on monday said the government should assure northeasterners of their safety and not help them flee the state. \"people from northeast should feel safe and secure and shouldn't lose their faith on the state. they should have enough trust on the state's ability to protect them,\" he said. mishra was in the city to realease his latest book 'from the ruins of the empire", "code": "15578484", "title": "Assure them of safety: Mishra", "text": "Writer Pankaj Mishra on Monday said the government should assure northeasterners of their safety and not help them flee the state. \"People from northeast should feel safe and secure and shouldn't lose their faith on the state. They should have enough trust on the state's ability to protect them,\" he said. Mishra was in the city to realease his latest book 'From the ruins of the empire: the revolt against the West and the remaking of Asia'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577882", "title": "Pub staff claim sacking by fake resignation letters", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten of the 100-odd employees of Leopold Cafe claimed on Monday that they have been dismissed on the basis of 'fake' resignation letters. Mostly waiters, they alleged that they were sacked for forming a union to protest against the management's \"unfair trade practices\".One of the city premier pubs, Leopold is along Colaba Causeway and is a favourite with expatriates, which is why it came in for attack by Pakistani terrorists during 26/11. Two staffers were among those who lost their lives in the attack.The rebels alleged that \"heroes of 26/11\" who had helped bundle corpses into police vans and take victims to hospital have been rendered jobless.They have written to the labour commissioner claiming they were dismissed without notice and not paid their dues.Leopold partner Farhang Jehani termed the claims \"a bunch of lies\", and alleged that the waiters misbehaved with patrons, kept tips amounting to Rs 25,000-30,000 each per month and involved 'Marathi manoos' politics by roping in political parties. Each resigned of his own accord, he said, either amicably or after being confronted with misdemeanors. \"They have signed letters saying they collected their full and final settlement,\" he said, a claim the waiters contested. \"None of us signed the letter or took the money,\" said Mahesh Misal, secretary of the fledgling Leopold Cafe Kamgar Sanghatana.Trouble has been simmering for years, but things came to a head in early 2012, as 10 lost their jobs one after another. They had begun forming a union, which was registered in July. \"The management got wind of our plans and began to dismiss us under various pretexts,\" Misal said.\"We faced slavish work conditions. Most of us had been there for six to seven years. Farooque Makhzankar has a record of 17 years' service and five children to support. We all earned a meagre salary of Rs 3,500 per month. Of this, Jehani forced us to pay Rs 140 per day in lieu of tips we received and deducted our wages to subsidize newcomers' salaries,\" union member Tukaram Ilake alleged.Jehani said the basic pay may be low but excluded tips, which may add up to Rs 25,000-30,000. \"Why else would they want to come back to work here? Since we do not levy a service charge on patrons, we allow waiters to keep tips and charge them a nominal sum per day,\" he said.Hemant Deshmukh, Leopold administrator, claimed the waiters have caused innumerable problems for the pub. \"Not only are they rude, they have even assaulted patrons. They pay attention to foreigners as the segment leaves larger tips,\" he said. \"They instigate patrons that we fill beer towers with brands other than ones listed on casks.\" The waiters said that if that was the case, why were they not sacked.Jehani recalled explaining the matter to a local Shiv Sena labour union after employees approached the political party for intervention. \"They accused us of mistreating the Marathi manoos even though we have scores of Maharashtrians who continue to work for us. The Sena members came here, ate and drank, and found the waiters had no case. Since then, the employees formed their own union, which is illegal,\" he said.Leopold is firm it will not take the employees back for fear of further conflict and Jehani challenged them to approach the labour court for restitution, which the 10 are considering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "15578934", "title": "Greens to move court against VC's campus farming plans", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A fresh row is brewing over the Calicut university vice-chancellor's move to clear the thick green cover in the varsity campus to plant rubber and mango saplings, despite protests from various corners.The district committee of the Sasthra Sahithya Parishath and a collective of environmental organizations on the university campus, 'Campus Protection Council', will file a public interest litigation petition in the high court in this regard this week.In the petition, the organizations will demand immediate intervention of the court to stop the ongoing works on the campus. The organizations allege that a major part of the existing green cover spread across 300 acres on the campus has been cleared to plant rubber and mango saplings. \"There were more than 35 species of rare plants on the campus and all these have been cleared as part of the works to plant single crops and the campus beautification project,\" said Sunilkumar, a member of the protection council.He said the university should at least conduct a study on the impact of the activities on the ecosystem before commencing the works.Noted environmental activists and organizations had submitted a memorandum to the vice chancellor requesting him to withdraw the move. When documentary filmmaker Anandh Patwardhan visited the campus he had opined that the green cover should be protected as it is. Writer P Valsala had also requested the VC to reconsider the decision.A team of greens led by professor Shobeendran had organized a protest meet on the campus against the decision.\"Sastra Sahithya Parishath will challenge the VC's decision to appoint a retired agricultural officer as 'estate officer' to supervise the works,\" said Abdul Razak , Malappuram district vice president of the organization. \"The duty assigned to the officer is to clear all the weeds and uneconomic trees on the campus. The VC has no right to create such a post, which is normally allowed in agricultural universities,\" he said.The VC has been implementing various policies on the campus as if the CU is an agricultural university, it is alleged. In the second phase of development works, the authorities are planning to set up a dairy unit, a vermin-compost unit and a poultry unit on the campus, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578960", "title": "Bangalore frenzy abates, cyber cops step in", "text": "BANGALORE: People from the northeast heaved a sigh of relief that the frenzy of last week finally abated. No fresh incidents of intimidation were reported since Sunday.Cyber crime sleuths will take over the probe into the SMS case.Police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji said on Monday that only two distress calls were received at helplines between Sunday night and Monday evening. Police nodal officer for safety of northeasterners VS D'Souza said in all, 20 persons people have been arrested with 16 cases registered against mischief-makers who sought to spread panic.The flood of home-bound northeasterners turned into a trickle at the City railway station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577759", "title": "Man steals commuter\u2019s bag from train, shops with card in 20 minutes", "text": "MUMBAI: For a month-and-a-half, the Kurla GRP have been struggling to identify a thief who was caught on a CCTV camera buying ornaments worth Rs 19,119\u2014with the help of a stolen credit card\u2014at a jewellery store in Dadar.On July 3, the accused at Dadar station stole the handbag of a commuter, who had kept it on the overhead rack of a local. Before the train could even reach Vikhroli, the accused had shopped with a credit card he found inside the bag, said the police.A resident of Badlapur, the complainant, Jyotiba Kangralkar (31), works as a service engineer in an electronics firm. On that day, he boarded a Badlapur-bound local from CST in the evening and sat by the window in a first-class compartment. Like every day, he kept his handbag on the overhead shelf. \"Between CST and Dadar, Kangralkar had looked up to ensure that his bag was safe. A while later, between Ghatkopar and Vikhroli, he received a text message on his mobile, alerting him about his credit card being swiped for Rs 19,119 at a jewellery shop. Stunned, he looked in the direction of the shelf, to find his bag missing. It was the bag that contained his credit card and some electronic items,\" police said.By the time he recovered from the shock, the train had reached Thane where he approached the police. They directed him to the Kurla GRP, which had the jurisdiction of Vikhroli, near where he had got the text alert. After the Kurla GRP registered a case of theft, Kangralkar contacted his bank, asking them to block the card. The bank officials also confirmed that his card was last used at Uttam Jewellers near Dadar station.Along with a GRP team, Kangralkar visited the jewellery store. As they checked the CCTV grabs, he spotted a man carrying a bag that resembled his. Dark, overweight, balding and with a thick moustache, the man appeared to be from a good background, said the police. The accused had bought a gold chain with Kangralkar's card. \"The accused must have stolen the bag at Dadar, gone to the nearest jewellery store and bought the chain in less than 20 minutes,\" the police said. The police took two weeks to procure a copy of the CCTV footage.\"We have circulated the footage but are yet to get a lead on the accused,\" the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15585343", "title": "Meet to focus on maternal health", "text": "PUNE: Global Health Advocates, India (GHA) and KEM Hospital Research Centre, Pune will host a consultative meeting on maternal health, child survival and tuberculosis for two days from August 27. Representatives of non governmental organisations (NGO) working in above three areas and government officials will be attending the meet.\"The objective of the consultative meeting is to universally address issues and challenges faced by government and civil society at the policy and the implementation level with a special focus on maternal health, child survival and tuberculosis,\" said senior microbiologist V S Padbidri, director of KEM Hospital Research Centre.Besides, organising the consultative meeting will enable experts to come up with common recommendations in order to overcome the issues and challenges faced in the mentioned areas, Padbidri said.GHA India is a NGO that works towards the formulation and implementation of effective public health policies in India. KEM Hospital Research Centre Pune is a nationally and internationally recognised NGO working in the field of public health since the past 30 years. The mission of the KEM Hospital and Research Center is to provide clinical investigators with the specialised staff, facilities, training and resources necessary to translate laboratory findings into new clinical knowledge and improved patient care.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578090", "title": "Petrol theft in outer Delhi, 1 detained", "text": "NEW DELHI: One person has been detained in connection with a petrol theft that took place in outer Delhi about three weeks back. A huge quantity of petrol was stolen from a private oil company's punctured pipeline running between Bawana and Mathura. A case has been registered against unknown persons.The miscreants have stolen petrol worth lakhs of rupees over the last couple of weeks, said a police officer. \"On reaching the spot, we found that the pipe had been drilled upto several feet. We believe the accused used a device and clamp to take out the petrol and fill it into the tanker. However, no equipment was found at the spot. Our team has been sent to conduct raids at adjoining places,\" said the officer.\"The oil firm has told us that it has deployed security guards to man the pipeline. The control room sends an alarm signal in case any part of the pipeline is damaged. In this case, the alert came in the beginning of the month,\" said a senior police officer. Cops have no idea about the exact volume of petrol that was stolen. \"We can find out the volume after getting a specific report from the oil company. We have sought help from village sarpanchs to give us inputs on those who are involved in such crimes,\" said a senior police officer.Sleuths working on this case have spent days trying to gather information on the accused. \"Not only did the crime prove to be costly for the oil company but it was also a dangerous practice. There have been similar incidents reported in the Bijwasan area last year and some people were arrested in the connection. We are investigating if the same gang is behind these operations,\" said an investigating officer, adding that all efforts are on to nab the miscreants.\"The moment even one gang member is arrested, the others try to destroy evidence, including their tools,\" added the officer. Cops said they hope to make a breakthrough soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578591", "title": "Govt to study sexual harassment men face at workplace", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking note of a TOI report highlighting the fact that the Bill for Protection of Women against Sexual Harassment at Workplace was silent on similar treatment meted out to men, the minister for women and child development (WCD) plans to conduct a study on the issue.\"I want to get a study conducted to find out what kind of harassment of males is prevalent and to what extent at workplaces, though till now only the harassment suffered by the women has been spoken about,\" WCD minister Krishna Tirath said on Monday.Tirath told reporters here that she had already discussed the issue with her ministry that there should be a study on this because there have been many suggestions that this law could have been gender neutral. Tirath was responding to a question on whether the ministry was looking into aspects related to the problems faced by men at their workplace.\"There is no problem in getting a study conducted. Since it is the issue of harassment at workplace, we can get a study conducted,\" Tirath said.The minister said though her ministry worked primarily for the welfare of women and children, other aspects could also be looked at. \"The bill for the protection of women is ready but this study is for the future,\" Tirath said.The WCD minister hoped Protection of Women against Sexual Harassment at Workplace Bill would be presented in Parliament and passed in the current session itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579705", "title": "Grahak Panchayat for stricter punishment for erring builders", "text": "PUNE: Dropping provisions in the Maharashtra Housing Bill, 2012, that entail stern punishment for erring builders and developers has come in for sharp criticism from consumer bodies in the city. The bill is currently with the Governor of Maharashtra after it was passed by the state legislature.The Pune unit of the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat - a national consumer organization, has said that the Maharashtra Housing (Regulation &amp; Development) Bill, 2012, has no provisions for awarding jail term to builders indulging in unfair practices and for ensuring payment of interest on refund to consumers in case of cancellation of booking. It said the bill must also include provisions of the Central Real Estate Regulatory Authority Bill.The Grahak Panchayat said that there is no avenue for housing societies and their members going for re-development to complain against developers before the Housing Regulatory Authority. Besides, the new housing bill will take away the rights and benefits of buyers and housing societies under the existing Maharashtra Ownership Flats (Regulation of the promotion, construction, sale, management and transfer) Act, 1963 (MOFA).The Pune unit of the Akhil Bharatiya Grahak Panchayat and Mumbai Grahak Panchayat have submitted their objections to the Governor last week.Shirish Deshpande, chairman of Mumbai Grahak Panchayat, said, \"The provision of imprisonment for serious offences by builders, which existed in MOFA, have been dropped in the new bill. After a lot of protest, the government has made provision for imprisonment of up to three years, but only in case of non-compliance of orders of the Housing Regulatory Authority.\"On July 16, the state legislative assembly passed the bill, which aims to regulate and promote construction, sale, management and transfer of flats on ownership basis and to establish the Housing Regulatory Authority (HRA) and Housing Appellate Tribunal (HRT).Onkar Mohiniraj, vice-president of the Pune unit of the consumer body said, \"We have received several complaints against builders for using low quality material in construction of flats and not giving possession in time. The bill does not really have any provision for pulling up builders for not fulfilling commitments made to the buyer at the time of purchase of the flat.\"Both the grahak panchayats have asked the government to hold a public hearing on the issue.Suhas Patwardhan, chairman of the Pune District co-operative societies' Federation said, \"We totally oppose the bill and feel that it is in favour of builders. The loopholes pointed out by Grahak Panchayat need to be plugged in before the bill becomes a law.\" The Federation has close to 22,000 co-operative societies in the Pune district as its members.Meanwhile, Satish Magar, president of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers Association of India (Credai), Pune Metro, said that it was unfair on part of the Grahak Panchayat to say that the bill favoured builders. \"It seems that the Panchayat has not studied the bill properly. In fact, there's no cavet on the buyers as many a times they do not pay the amount in time and are allowed to go scot-free,\" Magar said.Consumer bodies' objectionsThe Bill drops provisions of imprisonment to builders in case of adoption of deceptive or unfair practicesThe Bill drops the provision to pay interest on the refund from the dates of respective payments in case of cancellation of bookingMHADA flat owners /societies cannot submit their complaints against MHADA before the HRASocieties and their members going for re-development cannot complain against the developers before the HRANon-inclusion of stringent provisions from Central Real Estate Regulatory Authority Bill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582311", "title": "Sekhar\u2019s Life is Beautiful release on Sep 13", "text": "The release of Sekhar Kammula's youthful and family entertainer Life is Beautiful has been scheduled on September 13. The makers have said that the film is currently in DTS mixing stage and is scheduled for release on September 13.Director Sekhar Kammula earlier said that he's planning to release the film in August but was postponed and the latest we hear is that the film is being planned for release next month. Mickey J Meyer has composed the music and Vijay C Kumar cranks the camera while Thota Tharani is the art director.Life is Beautiful has newcomers Abijeet, Sudhakar, Kaushik, Shagun, Zara, Rashmi, Kavya, Naveen, Vijay, Sanjeev and Sriram. Akkineni Amala, who is making a comeback to Tollywood, Shriya Saran and Anjala Zaveri are seen in important roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578256", "title": "Cong MLAs fight over regional issues", "text": "GURGAON: A rift within the state Congress has come out wide in open with six MLAs from southern Haryana issuing a joint statement accusing power and environment minister Ajay Yadav of spreading regionalism.While the statement does not name Yadav directly, MLAs from Gurgaon, Rewari and Mewat - health minister Rao Narender Singh, chief parliamentary secretaries Dharambir, Rao Dan Singh, Anita Yadav, former minister Rao Dharampal and Aftab Ahmed - have said that some people, out of their vested interests, were trying to divide small state like Haryana on grounds of regionalism. This comes a day after Yadav, MLA from Rewari, criticized chief minister Hooda and said that he was not fulfilling his promises of development in southern part of the state.The six MLAs, on the other hand, have said: \"South Haryana is not a patrimony of any person. The public can make the difference of present south Haryana from what it was seven years ago.\"Referring to allegation of excessive land acquisition in this part of the state, the MLAs termed it a baseless criticism and said that 3,700 acres have been acquired for IMT Rohtak, 3,000 acres for Rajiv Gandhi Education City in Kundli (Sonepat) and 1,800 acres in Gorakhpur (Fatehabad) for Nuclear Power Plant. \"Land was acquired wherever it was needed for development works,\" the joint statement reads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579759", "title": "Congress divided over privatization of slaughter house", "text": "PUNE: The city unit of the Congress party stands divided on privatization of civic abattoir in Kondhwa.Last week the standing committee had approved the privatisation plan pending since May. Ruling NCP, Congress and even the opposition Shiv Sena had approved the resolution while the BJP had opposed the same.However, on Friday, all parties were unanimous in quashing the resolution. The privatisation was opposed by civic activists and social organisations citing that the civic body had recently spent over Rs 6 crore on renovating and modernising the abattoir.The Congress party itself stands divided on the issue and the recent party meeting witnessed heated exchange of words between senior corporator Aba Bagul and leader of the party in the PMC, Arvind Shinde. Bagul alleged that party corporators are not taken into confidence while taking decisions. He said that party had 'hurriedly' supported the privatization even as a majority of the corporators opposed the same. Party leader Arvind Shinde said, \"There is no controversy now as the party has withdrawn support to privatization of abattoir.\" However, Bagul said that he will not abide by the party's decision in the future if it goes against 'public interest'. Meanwhile, a group of corproators want the party to stick to its stand and press for privatization of abattoir.Of the five proposals for the tender, a Delhi-based company was selected for the contract. The operator was to cater only to the needs of the city and was not to be allowed to sell meat outside Pune. The proposal had come up for discussion in May, but the standing committee had kept it in abeyance when it faced opposition. Several warkaris and members of other communities had staged an agitation outside the civic headquarters in June saying privatisation would lead to the slaughter of far too many animals.On Friday, various organisations and spiritual leaders of the Jain community agitated against the standing committee resolution favouring privatisation. Requesting them to withdraw the protest, all party leaders promised that the plan will be scrapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15584355", "title": "E-chip to keep tabs on patrolling policemen", "text": "MUMBAI: An electronic chip is all set to change the way Mumbai is policed. Positioned outside schools, colleges, temples and other key venues, the electronic device will keep tabs on patrolling policemen in the area. The information will be directly monitored by the office of the deputy commissioner of police.A pilot project has been initiated in the Goregaon-Borivli stretch. Mumbai police chief Arup Patnaik has decided to replicate it across the city, it is reliably learnt.According to the present procedure, a cop is assigned the task of patrolling outside vital locations such as schools, colleges or temples. There is no method to verify if the policeman is performing his duty.With the help of the electronic device, a chip would be installed outside vital locations which a cop is supposed to guard. The moment the cop supposed to keep an eye on the area holds his cellphone (provided by the Mumbai police) in front of the device, the electronic chip would register his presence.The cellphone of the cop contains a software that enables the chip to identify him, and works like a swipe card.The man behind the technology is DCP Mahesh Patil, who decided to do away with the earlier system which calculated the patrolling of the police on the basis of kilometres covered by the patrolling van or motorcycle.\"The earlier system meant that cops would have to travel a certain distance a day to show that they had patrolled . However, there was no way to find out whether the cop had actually undertaken the patrolling task assigned to him. They could have simply travelled in a particular direction instead of the entire area,\" Patil said.Patil said he detected a flaw in the traditional method of policing and hence decided to change it.\"Help came from software firms in Pune. They designed the software in the cellphones that helps the chip identify the presence of the cop,\" he said.The DCP procures a print-out every evening on the movements of cops in areas under his jurisdiction. \"Those who fail to mark attendance have to offer a convincing reason or face the consequences,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15579117", "title": "Police to summon Sweeny's sister", "text": "MAPUSA: British national Maureen Sweeney will be summoned to Goa to record her statements in connection with the death of her sister Denyse Sweeney, police informed. Denyse, a tourist, had collapsed in a night club at Anjuna on April 16, 2010, and died on the same day at a private hospital where she was admitted.Even though the police had ruled out any foul play and had registered it as a case of drug overdose, the case was recently reopened because of doubts raised by Denyse's sisters Maureen and Marion, who claimed their sister was murdered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15579638", "title": "EC makes it easy for first-time transgenders to vote", "text": "CHENNAI: First-time transgender voters henceforth need not bother looking for a sponsor or beg their parents to sign the new registration form. A recent order of the Election Commission of India (ECI) has relaxed conditions with the addition of 'chela' (assistant) or guru (teacher) in the voter registration form.Till now, parents of transgenders were signing the form and many refused to do so after their wards declared themselves transgenders.\"The ECI has issued an order to this effect and also communicated to the local chief electoral officers of all the states and Union territories. But we are yet to get the order,\" said Praveenkumar, Tamil Nadu CEO. The order is yet to be uploaded on the ECI website but commission officials confirmed that such an order has been issued.\"Transsexuals may not be accepted in some families and in such cases the eligible person may be deprived of voting right due to the current enrollment process where proof of age and proof of residence are required to be submitted. With this modification, even a teacher can endorse a transsexual's case for registration as a voter,\" a senior ECI official said.In the form of oath or affirmation for the first-time applicants in the 18-25 age-group, 'guru' has been added to parents while 'chela' has been incorporated after son/daughter. The form could be signed either by parents or 'guru' of the transsexuals. \"Each and every transgender will be \"adopted\" by a senior transgender (matriarch) as a daughter or granddaughter in a ritual. From then, the matriarch becomes the 'guru' for the young transgender,\" said Sunil Menon of Sahodaran, an NGO working with transgenders.\"It is a welcome move by the Election Commission. Once we decide to declare ourselves as a transgender or a woman, the family will oppose our declaration. With the EC order, if we are able to get our guru to sign the new voter registration form, it will be great help to the transgenders. Many of them are not able to vote because of family's objection to sign the form,\" said Rose Venkatesan, a popular transgender TV host. In many cases the transgenders have declared themselves as male and registered as a voter, Rose said.The EC should also do away with the rule seeking documents to prove we are a transgender or a woman, Rose said adding, \"In many instances, the officials ask for documents regarding sex change or even if we change our names. It is difficult to produce medical documents to prove our sex change surgery. The EC should permit us to register without these documents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581161", "title": "NASA to launch another Mars mission in 2016", "text": "Encouraged by the success of \"Curiosity\", NASA has announced to launch a new Mars mission in 2016 to take a better look into the guts of the Red Planet.The mission called \"InSight\" will investigate why Mars' crust is not divided into tectonic plates that drift like Earth's.Detailed knowledge of the interior of Mars in comparison to Earth will help scientists understand better how terrestrial planets form and evolve, the American space agency said.\"The exploration of Mars is a top priority for NASA, and the selection of 'InSight' ensures we will continue to unlock the mysteries of the Red Planet and lay the groundwork for a future human mission there,\" said NASA administrator Charles Bolden.\"The recent successful landing of the Curiosity rover has galvanised public interest in space exploration and today's announcement makes clear there are more exciting Mars missions to come,\" he said referring to the success of Curiosity.The 12th selection in NASA's series of Discovery-class missions, 'InSight' is build on spacecraft technology used in the space agency's highly successful Phoenix lander mission, which was launched to the Red Planet in 2007 and determined water existed near the surface in the Martian polar regions.\"Our Discovery Programme enables scientists to use innovative approaches to answering fundamental questions about our solar system in the lowest cost mission category,\" said John Grunsfeld, associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters.\"'InSight' will get to the 'core' of the nature of the interior and structure of Mars, well below the observations we've been able to make from orbit or the surface,\" Grunsfeld said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578370", "title": "Worried Arunachal VIPs visit their kids", "text": "Parents back home in the northeast are worried about their kids here. And some are rushing to make sure they're safe. People like Thanwang Lowang Rajkumar, a former minister in Arunachal Pradesh, who came here from Itanagar on Saturday to make sure his 13-year-old daughter is safe.He met student groups and made sure that all Arunachal Pradesh students are cared for. \"I studied in Bangalore in the 1970s. This place is quite safe. I don't know why some landlords are asking people from the NE to leave. We asked students to stay indoors till the situation calms down,\" he said.\"Many children of Arunachal Pradesh ministers are studying in Bangalore. The chief minister Nabam Tuki's daughter is in a private college. He'll also visit Bangalore this week to make sure our students are safe here,\" Rajkumar told TOI.Most of these kids are living with their family members and thus not severely affected. \"I live with my mother, so I don't feel that scared. But yes, there's tension,\" said Rajkumar' daughter who is in Class 8 in a private school and stays near Brigade Road.\"The solidarity and support shown to the people of the northeast is commendable and we laud the prompt steps taken by the Karnataka government. Though we're extremely confident of the state government's ability to protect us, it would be prudent to remain vigilant against anti-social elements working at the behest of external forces. I came to Bangalore on behalf of hundreds of parents scared about their children's safety,\" said the former minister.More than 300 students from Itanagar are studying in Bangalore. \"We prefer Bangalore as its weather is very similar to that of hilly Itanagar,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15584779", "title": "Donations collected for Assam riot victims", "text": "DHARWAD: The members of Muslim community offered prayer in large numbers and exchanged greetings on the occasion of Eid here on Monday.Thousands of Muslims gathered at the Idgah maidan near sub-jail here in the morning and offered 'namaz'. Anjuman-e-Islam president Mohemmed Ismail Tamatagar, former mayor I M Javali, N A Maniyar, Mohemmed Jafar Maniyar, D B Navalgundkar, Shamsuddin Mujawar, A M Harapanahalli, Dr Sheikh, Baba Shekhsanadi and other leaders participated in the mass prayer. Prayers were also held at various mosques in the city.During the prayer, the members of Jamat-e-Islam Hind (Dharwad) collected donations to be handed over the victims of violence in Assam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15583410", "title": "35 years after launch, Voyager 2 becomes longest operating spacecraft ever", "text": "NEW DELHI: Yesterday was the thirty-fifth anniversary of the launch of NASA's Voyager 2 spacecraft, which is currently 15 billion kilometers away from Earth and poised to leave the Solar System. It was blasted into space on August 20, 1977, from the NASA Kennedy Space Center at Cape Canaveral in Florida, aboard a Titan/Centaur rocket.Its twin, Voyager 1, was launched 16 days later on Sept 5, 1977. It is now 18 billion kilometers away, also at the edge of the Solar System but in a different direction from its twin. Both spacecraft are still operational and sending signals from their instruments to Earth. For the last five years, both spacecraft have been exploring the outer layer of the heliosphere, the giant bubble of charged particles the sun blows around itself.Voyager 2 became the longest-operating spacecraft on August 13, 2012, surpassing Pioneer 6, which launched on December 16, 1965, and sent its last signal back to NASA's Deep Space Network on December 8, 2000. It operated for 12,758 days.\"We continue to listen to Voyager 1 and 2 nearly every day,\" said Suzanne Dodd, Voyager project manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena, California in a statement. \"The two spacecraft are in great shape for having flown through Jupiter's dangerous radiation environment and having to endure the chill of being so far away from our sun.\"\"Dodd and her team have been carefully managing the use of power from the continually diminishing energy sources on the two spacecraft. They estimate that the two spacecraft will have enough electrical power to continue collecting data and communicating it back to Earth through 2020, and possibly through 2025. While no one really knows how long it will take to get to interstellar space, Voyager scientists think they don't have long to wait.\"\"Even 35 years on, our rugged Voyager spacecraft are poised to make new discoveries as we eagerly await the signs that we've entered interstellar space,\"\" said Ed Stone, Voyager project scientist at the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, in a press statement. \"\"Voyager results turned Jupiter and Saturn into full, tumultuous worlds, their moons from faint dots into distinctive places, and gave us our first glimpses of Uranus and Neptune up-close. We can't wait for Voyager to turn our models of the space beyond our sun into the first observations from interstellar space.\"\"Scientists have recently seen changes from Voyager 1 in two of the three observations that are expected to be different in interstellar space, said NASA. The prevalence of high-energy particles streaming in from outside our solar system has jumped, and the prevalence of lower-energy particles originating from inside our solar system has briefly dipped, indicating an increasing pace of change in Voyager 1's environment. Voyager team scientists are now analyzing data on the direction of the magnetic field, which they believe will change upon entry into interstellar space.Notable discoveries by Voyager 2 include the puzzling hexagonal jet stream in Saturn's north polar region, the tipped magnetic poles of Uranus and Neptune, and the geysers on Neptune's frozen moon Triton. Although launched second, Voyager 1 reached Jupiter and Saturn before Voyager 2, first seeing the volcanoes of Jupiter's moon Io, the kinky nature of Saturn's outermost main ring, and the deep, hazy atmosphere of Saturn's moon Titan. Voyager 1 also took the mission's last image: the famous solar system family portrait that showed our Earth as a pale blue dot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15582507", "title": "Centre Design Organisation examine Pratappura breach", "text": "VADODARA: Officials of Central Design Organisation (CDO) examined the breached Pratappura reservoir on Monday. The experts from the organization visited the earthen dam along with engineers from the dam safety cell of Gujarat Engineering Research Institute (GERI) and Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) officials.The reservoir had breached on August 13 in the maiden attempt to fill it after it was repaired. The reservoir was badly damaged and breached in 2005 and was one of the major reasons for flooding in the city.VMC city engineer Shailesh Mistry said the CDO team has sought some reports regarding the execution of the repair and strengthening project. The CDO had provided designs for the project. The breach was around 35 to 40 feet wide.Sources said any further work would depend on the opinion expressed by the CDO. \"We will have to go by their opinion on the repairs at the breach spot. They may even suggest some changes in the quantity of water stored or the design of the dam,\" an official said. The state irrigation department has already suggested that the reservoir should not be repaired during the monsoon.The reservoir is around 90 years old and has earthen walls. After several expert opinions, work began on the reservoir in 2010 after a detailed project report put up by the VMC was cleared under JnNURM in 2009. Officials said the work had become must not only because of the breach, but also because it had suffered some damage during the 2001 earthquake too. Also, Pratappura was nearing its lifespan of 110 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15582858", "title": "12 arrested for bullying migrants", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Twelve people were arrested in Malappuram for threatening migrant workers from Assam in a hollow brick manufacturing unit at Manjeri, said home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan here on Monday.The migrant workers were threatened on the midnight of August 16, on a complaint filed by the unit owner at Manjeri police station. A 12-member gang had threatened the migrant workers to leave the state before August 20 or else they would have to face dire consequences.The home minister said that the police have now stepped up the vigil and are taking statements from migrant workers who are staying in various camps across the state. When asked whether the state agencies have taken a count of how many migrants have left the state, the minister said that around one lakh migrants leave the state every month and half of them come back.\"It is difficult to keep a track on the movement of migrants, but we are monitoring the situation. Any person or organization who would try to intimidate the migrant population will be dealt by using the force of law. We will not allow any anti-national activity in the state, like what the south-Indian migrants faced in Mumbai years ago,\" he said.On the issue of filing criminal charges against sympathisers who supported the cause of nurses who had agitated at Mar Baselios hospital, Kothamangalam, the minister said that the arrested persons were anti-social elements who broke the shutters of a shop and indulged in violent behaviour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583557", "title": "Lesser Floricans going high", "text": "INDORE: Bird lovers of the region have a reason to rejoice. Number of Lesser Florican, one of the 50 rarest birds of the world and one of four critically endangered bird species in India, has increased in Madhya Pradesh for second consecutive year.The number of the birds, locally known as Kharmore, was 84 in 2010 and it drastically dropped to 12 in 2011. However, in the past two years, the number has doubled in the state. According to Wildlife Institute of India (WII), 12 Lesser Floricans were spotted in MP in 2010. In 2011, the number increased to 23 and this year, it is up at 28.The birds have been spotted this year at Sailana Bird Sanctuary in Ratlam, Sardarpur Bird Sanctuary in Dhar and Petlawar in Jhabua. Bird watchers say that this year, the arrival of birds is delayed by a month due to delayed monsoons.In India, Lesser Floricans are found only in western Madhaya Pradesh and the adjoining states of Gujarat and Rajasthan. Their last census was conducted in 2010 by WII . It showed that the number of the birds was drastically declining. According to the survey, presence of 238 of these birds was recorded in 1999 in the three states. It dropped to 84 in 2010. There has been a 65% reduction in the number in the last decade. The number was further down at 12 in 2011 from 63 in 1999 in MP. Bird watchers are happy over the increase, but they are caution over decreasing grass land and rising use of pesticides. \"It is heartening that the number of Lesser Floricans is going up, though marginal. However, a lot more still needs to be done to preserve the endangered bird. Ever-shrinking grass land is a major cause of concern,\" said bird watcher Ajay Gadikar who has been tracking movement of the bird this season at Sailana, Sardarpur and Petlawar.\"It is surprising that the number of the birds has increased even as grass lands are shrinking. Study needs to be done. There is possibility that the birds might have adapted to the field behavior,\" said another bird watcher Dinesh Kothari. The bird watchers say, rampant use of pesticides can cause long-term danger to the species. \"Vultures have already disappeared from many parts of country due to excessive use of pesticides. Let's ensure that we do not repeat the history with Lesser Floricans,\" said Gadikar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578724", "title": "Police ask US dept for information on stolen statues", "text": "CHENNAI: Idol wing CID sleuths have sent the letters rogatory to the US immigration and customs enforcement ( ICE) division of the department of homeland security in the United States through Interpol.The CID has requested assistance in the form of a questionnaire on idols seized by the department from the museum of antique dealer Subhash Chandra Kapoor in Manhattan, New York. The CID plans to send similar letters rogatory to Singapore, the UK and Australia and other countries in which Kapoor had sold antique idols investigators believe were stolen from temples in Tamil Nadu.Kapoor, arrested for stealing the idols dating back to the Chola dynasty in the 11th Century AD, revealed to the police during interrogation that he had sold idols from various countries. Based on his confession, police learned that he had sold an ancient Nataraja idol to a museum in the UK, another Nataraja idol to a person in Australia, a Parvathi statue to a Singaporean national and an Amman idol to a man in Brussels, Belgium.\"We have prepared a questionnaire on the idols seize by homeland security officials in the US,\" a police officer said. \"Investigators have already provided Interpol with evidence to prove that the idols in Kapoor's museum, Art Of The Past, had been stolen from Tamil Nadu.\"\"Once US homeland security officials provide us with the information we need, we will retrieve the idols from America,\" he said.Kapoor was extradited to Chennai from Germany on July 14 and is now in Puzhal prison.Tamil Nadu police initially traced only one stolen Nataraja idol, which has the word 'Suthamalli' in Tamil embossed on it, denoting its provenance in Ariyalur district. However, police have now traced nine more idols stolen from the state to private museums, the houses of businessmen and corporate offices across the world.Kapoor is believed to have sold Indian art to museums like New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art, Smithsonian Institute in Washington and Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578367", "title": "People from northeast head to Bangalore", "text": "Reflecting a gradual return to normalcy, people from the northeast headed back to Bangalore in special trains from Guwahati. The spokesman for the Northeast Frontier Railway Nripen Bhattacharya said in Guwahati that three special trains left for Bangalore on Sunday. He, however, could not give the exact number of people returning.Government officials said it would take two to three days before all of them returned to Bangalore and other cities like Pune and Chennai. The railways, which ran additional trains to Guwahati, did not operate any special services on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "15584216", "title": "NGO helps street vendors become economically strong", "text": "MYSORE: To make street vendors economically strong and ensure them social security by educating them on their rights, an NGO in the city has launched an initiative to empower them through self help groups (SHG).About 2,000 vendors eke out a living by selling fruits, vegetables, tender coconuts and flowers and running canteens at K R Hospital, Nanjumalige, Gun House and Bamboo Bazaar. Most of them are women.Vivekananda Institute for Leadership Development (V-LEAD), a community-based programme wing, has formed self help groups among street vendors with an aim to give hawkers their due credit for contributing for the economy. Most time, they are considered as unlawful entities and are subjected to continuous harassment by police and civic authorities.\"We noticed vendors borrowing money from money lenders to buy goods and end up paying huge interest. What is the use of earning if they cannot become economically strong. These SHGs will come to their rescue,\" says programme manager V-LEAD S N Harish. They have been divided into groups consisting 15 to 20 members and every month, each person will have to deposit Rs 200 in the bank. The money saved is provided to invest in their business, thereby reducing their dependence on money lenders. Vijaya Bank, Bank of India and State Bank of India have come forward to help street vendors to open accounts. Banks have also promised to give education and loans once the group deposits the minimum amount, he said.\"Despite being poor, most of them do not possess BPL cards. We will help them get cards after discussing it with the district administration. Our aim is to make them socially, economically and politically strong,\" he added.The NGO also educates them on the Right to Information and Right to Education Acts and conducts awareness programmes once a month. Street vendors also discuss various issues among themselves and find solution in the Focus Group.\"SHG is a big relief; it has not only taught me to save money, but also face various issues,\" says Shobha H R who sells tender coconut near Irwin road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576628", "title": "BE colleges permitted to submit affidavit on fee till Aug 26", "text": "HYDERABAD: Engineering colleges will be given one more chance to submit their affidavits pledging their agreement with the proposed fee structure of Rs 35,000 per annum. The colleges, which have not submitted their affidavits, can now submit the same till August 26. The Eamcet counselling process is expected to start on August 27. So far, 934 colleges including 483 engineering colleges have submitted their affidavits. The Admission and Fee Regulatory Council (AFRC) is expected to fix the fee of engineering colleges before August 27. AFRC held a meeting on Monday with officials of higher education department.A total of 2.4 lakh students are expected to attend Eamcet counselling this year. Classes are expected to start on September 17 for the new academic year, P Jayaprakash Rao, chairman of Andhra Pradesh State Council of Higher Education, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579532", "title": "Kanda spent 11 days shuttling between Sirsa, Jaipur and Gurgaon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Disgraced former Haryana home minister Gopal Kanda spent 11 days shuttling between Sirsa, Jaipur and Gurgaon before surrendering on August 18.After Delhi Police lodged an FIR against him in suicide abetment case on August 5, Kanda stayed in Shalimar Bagh area of Delhi till August 7. He did not appear before police for questioning on August 8, and was declared \"absconding.\" Instead, he moved to Sirsa that day and stayed for three days. Sources said, \"He moved to Jaipur on August 11 and stayed at a friend's farmhouse till August 15. On August 16, Kanda was in Gurgaon and after night's stay at a friend's farmhouse, he moved to Delhi, when his bail application was scheduled for hearing in the high court on August 17.\"After his bail application was rejected, Kanda surrendered before Delhi police on August 18, failing the efforts of police to arrest him despite raids in Sirsa, Gurgaon, Delhi, Goa and Siliguri in West Bengal. Police had also questioned 30 people, besides conducting searches at 60 places.It is believed that persons engaged with his media house had been providing him feedback about latest developments in the case when the former minister was absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "15583046", "title": "Stolen-car sale racket busted, 1 held", "text": "RAJKOT: Gandhigram police officials have busted a racket involving sale of stolen cars. The police have arrested car broker Harshad Patel in the case and have recovered six stolen cars from various areas in the Rajkot district. According to police, Ratilal Surecha (52) of Bombay Housing Society in Gandhigram area had filed a complaint on July 9 that his car had been stolen. During the course of investigation, police found that the car in concern was being used by 27-year-old Patel who is a resident of the same society, with a different registration number.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579171", "title": "A horse-lover revives trading at the Anthiyur Fair", "text": "COIMBATORE: Although the Anthiyur Fair in Erode district is two centuries old, the trading of horses and other cattle at the fair has never been as popular as it is now. Thanks to the efforts of K Elangovan, (41) a trader and animal lover from Kemmanaickenpalayam village, near Satyamangalam, the fair is attended by people from across the country, who are looking to buy superior breeds at the best prices.The 'Andiyur Sandai,' as it is popularly known, had its beginnings during the period of Tipu Sultan. It is said that the Army used to trade horses in this region and soon it became a popular trading center for animals. It is the only fair in South India which caters to the needs of horse lovers. However, with the advent of the motor car, the fair lost its sheen. The horse became unnecessary, as it was no longer the sole mode of transport. Only a few people who were passionate about horses and were willing to pay a premium came to the fair.Until Elogovan came along to revive the practice of horse trading, not many people knew about the fair. Popularly known as Samy, he visited the fair six years ago, hoping to purchase a horse. However, he found that the prices were exorbitant. Like him, many visitors returned home empty-handed.\"I realized that there were many people who were passionate about horses but price was a big hurdle. I was determined to bring down the price by getting into the horse trading business myself,\" he said. Today, about 75 percent of the horses at the fair are supplied by him at prices that are affordable.Earlier, there were only three traders who supplied the horses. They purchased a few horses and sold them at a premium to rich horse lovers. \"I decided to take advantage of economies of scale. It was a huge risk for me to purchase several horses but that was the only way I could bring the prices down,\" he said. Earlier, most of the horses were sold for Rs 1 lakh or more. To bring the prices down, he travelled wide and far, looking for good breeds and the best prices. He found them in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Maharashtra. Now, one can buy a horse for as little as Rs 40,000 he said, although the cost can go up to Rs 8 lakh.War horses are very popular at the fair, he said. The Arabian horse is very expensive and hard to maintain. So they are not popular. The Marwari breed from Marwar region in Rajasthan and the Kathiyawari breed from Kathiyawar region in Gujarat are traded in large numbers at the fair.Some of his personnel horses have been featured in many films and TV serials. It is his horse that renowned actor Surya rides in his film 'Ezam Arivu'. Elangovan said that horses understand much more than we give them credit for and they can be easily trained to act in the movies. He is also the proud owner of a horse that belonged to Maharan Pratap Singh.The trading season begins in April. Every month, he purchases 15 horses to trade. He already has 50 orders as of now, he said and is expecting to get more during the mela. There is a huge demand in Tamil Nadu , Kerala and Karnataka. Demand has increased by 25 percent in these states, he said. \"To popularize the trade in this region, we are planning to have a separate track during the next mela so that people can test the horse before purchase or just enjoy the ride,\" he said.A bachelor, Elangovan has dedicated his life to facilitate the trading of horses and other animals. He travels eight months of the year towards this end. Other animals he trades include goats, dogs and exotic birds.Like any other business, sometimes he suffers losses but he continues in the trade because of his passion for animals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15585370", "title": "NCP helplines for northeast students", "text": "PUNE: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) workers have extended a helping hand to the students and professionals from the northeast, who are leaving the city fearing attacks.The party has started helplines for the students and people from the northeast. The party workers declared details of the helplines on Sunday in a programme organised at a city based college. Around hundred students from the northeast participated in the meeting.\"We assured students from the northeEst that the party will take all the steps for the safety of these students. The party workers along with the leaders will provide necessary assistance to these students,\" said NCP city unit president and Rajya Sabha MP Vandana Chavan, while interacting with the students here.Baburao Chandere, Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) standing committee chairman, Subhash Jagtap, NCP leader of the house in PMC, Nilesh Nikam, former standing committee chairman along with the others were present for the meeting.The NCP listed three contact numbers where round-the-clock assistance will be offered to NE students in case of any emergency. They appealed to the northeast students to call Nilesh Nikam: 9371012039, Ameya Jagtap: 9823933399 and Arvind Gore: 9860071777 for assistance.Over 4,000 students and people from northeast, who were living here for years left the city. The exodus started on Thursday, after some students from the northeast were attacked in different parts of the city. The students and people claimed that they were not feeling safe in the city after these attacks. Their family members back home too were worried, which has made them leave the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579631", "title": "Police yet to nail duo who \u2018swindled\u2019 Rs 30 crore", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even though an FIR was lodged against them around a year back, Chandigarh police have allegedly not taken any legal action against two Sanjivani Infotec Pvt Ltd officials -- Gurinder Garg and Varinder Kumar.The FIR against Garg and Kumar was registered for allegedly swindling around Rs 30 crore on the pretext of sale-purchase of around 104 acres of land near Mullanpur. The FIR was lodged at the police station in Sector 3 in June 2011.Talking to media persons, Devinder Singh, one of the complainants, claimed, \"Following my complaint, Punjab and Haryana high court had on April 26, 2012 directed Chandigarh police to complete the probe within 90 days but the police failed to comply with the court's orders and a contempt of court notice has already been issued against the police department.\"Singh also claimed that the role of a famous advocate is also under the scanner and Chandigarh police are deliberately not taking any action against booked persons. Before registration of the FIR, the inquiry was being conducted by crime branch and later, it was transferred to economics offence wing (EOW). Despite being contacted, DSP (EOW) Kamaldeep Goyal was not available for his comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15576971", "title": "India to seek US help to track down origins of offensive web pages", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will seek US' help in tracking down the origins of offensive web pages hosted on American servers which have been used to inflame Muslim sentiments here.The decision to seek the help of US' Department of Homeland Security and other agencies comes after the initial investigations by intermediaries like Google and Facebook pointed to Pakistan being the main source for the offensive images, videos and hate SMSs.Government said on Monday that the social networking sites have expressed inability to take action against up-loaders of the offensive content on grounds that they were outside the jurisdiction of India.Government is not satisfied with the response. In a statement it called for \"more and quicker action to address such a sensitive issue which concerns restoring peace, harmony, public order and national security, setting the stage for another round of tough negotiations between the government and intermediaries over how to regulate the content on Internet.\"Even as the escape of Indians from the northeast slowed on Monday, the fear of a backlash and simmering communal tension alerted the government to the destructive power of internet-fuelled rumour as part of an organized destabilization effort. Images of disparate events \u2014 from street unrest in Bangkok to protests by Buddhist monks in Myanmar and destruction by an earthquake in China \u2014 were morphed and circulated to create an impression of Muslims under attack from people of a particular race. It became the catalyst of threats for people from the north-east, leading to a huge exodus.An angry government blocked another 89 web pages on Monday, (taking the total of blocked web pages to almost 250), and started gathering evidence to confront Pakistan with. Responding to Pakistan's denial, Union home secretary R K Singh promised to provide clinching evidence. \"Some photographs have names of one or two organisations (of Pakistan),\" he said.Information and technology (IT) department also quoted intermediaries and international social networking sites to assert \"the initial response from international social networking sites indicates that such content have been hosted from outside the country and to a large extent from a neighbouring country (Pakistan).\"The matter was expected to figure in Parliament on Tuesday, with home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde and IT minister Kapil Sibal expected to share the findings about the new form of subversion.Foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai briefed foreign minister S M Krishna on Monday about the developments. The foreign ministry was looking at summoning Pakistani high commissioner to India, Salman Bashir, and presenting him with the evidence, but the home ministry is yet to share any technical data with the MEA.\"There is nothing much in terms of evidence that we can take up with the Pakistanis as yet and so we will wait. In the meantime, foreign secretary will meet the home secretary to find out more details which will allow the MEA to take up the issue diplomatically,\" said an official.While the government can monitor and intercept and even block offensive web content under Sections 69 and 69A of the IT Act, the 2011 Intermediary Guidelines enjoin companies like Google and Facebook to comply with requests and grievances within 36 hours. Both companies, say government officials, take unnecessarily long to comply with the norms. Government officials said some of the intermediaries have said that they may not be able to take action against the offensive websites because they were hosted outside India.However, while India can act against cyber-terrorists within its soil, New Delhi cannot actually extradite someone from a different country. Besides, India is yet to sign the Council of Europe's draft guidelines on cyber security, which makes this an extraditable crime.Disappointed by the response of international social networking sites, government has decided to hold another meeting with them. Telecom minister Kapil Sibal told TOI, \"We will hold a dialogue with Facebook, Google and others to seek their cooperation to prevent a recurrence\". The minister said that one-off solutions will not work. \"There has to be an institutional mechanism to deal with situations that can affect lives of millions. No country can afford this. Solutions have to be found, must be found. We expect the cooperation of all the stakeholders,\" he said.A Google spokesperson said: \"We comply with valid legal requests from authorities wherever possible\". She added, \"Content intended to incite violence is prohibited on You Tube and we act quickly to remove such material flagged by our users.\"Sources in the security establishment say that uploading of doctored videos of lower Assam violence by radical organizations in Pakistan is not just directed against India but is also for internal consumption there.\"It helps them gain political ground, get funds, radicalise more Pakistani youth and recruit people in terror groups. They had similarly uploaded morphed pictures and doctored videos of killings of Muslims in Myanmar to incite passions in their own country,\" said an official in the know of developments in Pakistan. Organizations such as Jamaat-ud-Dawa , Jamat-e-Islami and Jamiat-e-Ulema Islam are at the forefront of such propaganda in Pakistan because of their wide network.An intelligence official said, right after the Rohingya Muslim clashed with Buddhists in Myanmar that claimed 78 lives, radical organizations in Pakistan held rallies claiming thousands of Muslims having been killed in Myanmar. Some even put the figure at 20,000.Pictures and videos of the 2010 China earthquake with Buddhist monks in their robes standing among dead bodies (helping in rescue work) were uploaded as \"Bodies of Muslims killed by Buddhists\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15584341", "title": "19-year-old rape victim attempts suicide", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 19-year-old rape victim is battling for life after she allegedly attempted to commit suicide. She is undergoing treatment at the civil hospital.According to police, the girl about 19 year a resident of Savarkundla Taluka in Amreli district was kidnapped on the bike by the resident of the same village. She was then taken to a isolated place where she was raped by three people. The girl was then brought back to the village and left.However, the girl did not inform her parents of the incident. For the next two days, she continued her routine work, but on Monday, she for some reasons committed suicide.She was rushed to the local hospital. Later she was shifted to Civil Hospital in Amreli. The girls in her statement has revealed that she went on Monday for washing clothes at the river, where she allegedly consumed acid. Police said that the the girl stated that she could not face her parents as a result she decided to commit suicide. The police has registered a case of rape against three people. The police has also added a section of abettment to suicide against the three and was further investigating.Officials said that the girl was also fearing that if the villagers came to know of the incidents, it would a shame for the family and her parents and hence she attempted suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "washington/bangalore", "code": "15578318", "title": "US court dismisses harassment case against Infosys", "text": "WASHINGTON/BANGALORE: Infosys has won the harassment case brought against it by one of its employees, Jack \"Jay\" Palmer.A US court in Alabama has dismissed harassment charges filed against the company.United States district judge Myron H Thompson found no basis to support any of the charges filed by Palmer and dismissed the case entirely, writing, \"Judgment is entered in favor of defendants Infosys Technologies Limited Incorporated and Infosys Limited and against plaintiff Jack \"Jay\" Palmer, Jr., with plaintiff Palmer taking nothing by his complaint.\"Judge Thompson further ordered costs against Palmer.\"It is further ordered that costs are taxed against plaintiff Palmer, for which execution may issue,\" Judge Thompson said in his order dated August 20, thus bringing an end to a long drawn case against the major Indian IT company.\"Today's decision confirms what we have been saying from the beginning: Mr. Palmer's claims of retaliation were completely unfounded. This is a company built on core values that include leadership by example, integrity and transparency. Those values always have and will continue to shape the way we do business with our clients and, without exception, the way we treat our people. We are pleased to consider this matter officially closed,\" Infosys said in a statement shortly after learning of the judge's decision.In a statement issued through his attorney, Palmer said he is disappointed in the court's orders, but argued that the judge's order will have no effect on the ongoing criminal investigations against Infosys.\"While Palmer and I obviously are disappointed in the results, we certainly respect Judge Thompson's decision,\" said Kenneth J Mendelsohn, Palmer's attorney. \"It is important for the public to understand that Judge Thompson did not condone Infosys' conduct. He merely concluded that \"under current Alabama law, Palmer has no right to recover from Infosys,\" Mendelsohn argued.Judge Thompson even stated that an argument could be made that such threats against whistleblowers, in particular, should be illegal. The issue before the court, however, is not whether Alabama should make these alleged wrongs actionable, but whether they are, in fact, illegal under state law. This court cannot rewrite state law, the attorney said.\"Most importantly, this decision will have no effect on the ongoing criminal investigations or other claims or charges against Infosys,\" Mendelsohn said.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577765", "title": "\u2018CBI must probe rise in project cost\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Armed with three damning Controller and Auditor General (CAG) reports on the state's irrigation department and citing major media exposes, an activist has petitioned chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and the Central Bureau of Investigation ( CBI) to probe all 38 projects where cost escalations of Rs 20,000 crore were approved across three months in 2009 by the water resources department (WRD) and Various Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC).Activist Pravin Wategaonkar, a resident of Thane, who sought a criminal probe, said many acts of omission and commission by the department against public interest would amount to criminal misconduct and abuse of power by public servants, and thus an offence under the Prevention of Corruption Act. The cost hike was approved within three months (June-August 2009), he said, causing a huge loss to the state exchequer. He said in the last decade (2000-2010), the cost of irrigation projects was Rs 70,000 crore and in the next decade the projected cost is Rs 75,000 crore. The probe will hopefully rein in the unwarranted cost escalations and arbitrariness, he said.Wategaonkar sought investigations into contracts awarded by the department between 2000-01 and 2011-12 at prices higher than their original tender estimates and where water meant for irrigation was allegedly diverted without reason to some industrial projects.Several project values were revised after \"design changes\". Besides, many contracts were approved without acquiring land for or without settling rehabilitation claims of project- affected people, resulting in huge cost escalations, said Wategaonkar, demanding a thorough probe into the irregularities and into a possible nexus between babus, contractors and ministers.A probe was also sought into why the state had exceeded the Rs 2.5 lakh per hectare limit mandated by the Central Water Commission (CWC). The CAG report questioned the bona fides of ministers, bureaucrats and contractors involved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15585400", "title": "Raj Thackeray defies police, holds march against August 11 violence", "text": "MUMBAI: Defying the Mumbai police, which refused him permission for a rally from Girgaum Chowpatty to Azad Maidan, MNS chief Raj Thackeray on Tuesday led his supporters' march against the August 11 violence during a demonstration against alleged atrocities on Muslims in Assam and Myanmar .Addressing his supporters at Azad Maidan, Raj took on the Maharashtra government and claimed it had ignored information on mischief mongers. Slamming the state government for inaction even after the violence in Mumbai, the MNS chief demanded the resignation of Maharashtra's home minister.Though the MNS got permission for a public meeting at Azad Maidan, the police did not give a go ahead to the party's march from Girgaum Chowpatty apprehending breach of peace.The police, however, did not make any attempt to detain either Thackeray or his supporters when they assembled in thousands at the Chowpatty for the march.MNS supporters carrying the party's blue, saffron and green flags with its election symbol train engine embossed in the middle, gathered at Girgaum Chowpatty before Thackeray joined them in a 'symbolic' march after a brief stopover at Siddhivinayak temple.Thackeray stepped out of his Toyota Land Cruiser briefly to speak to his supporters at the Chowpatty before quickly making his way out of the crowd in his vehicle.Thousands of policemen have been deployed and traffic regulated for the MNS protest which has been peaceful so far.His supporters beating drums and carrying flags scurried after the leader, who is said to be seeking to capture the Hindutva space hitherto occupied by the Shiv Sena .Thackeray has called the rally to protest the violence on August 11 and alleged failure of the state administration and Mumbai police to control it. He has demanded ouster of state's Home Minister R R Patil and Mumbai Police Commissioner Arup Patnaik.Two demonstrators were killed and 52 others, including 44 policemen and media persons, injured when a protest against alleged persecution of Muslims in Assam had turned violent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584436", "title": "Over 7,000 arrive as exodus enters 6th day", "text": "GUWAHATI: More than 7,000 people arrived here on Monday from other states by special and weekly trains as the panic fleeing of northeast natives from cities like Bangalore, Hyderababad, Mumbai, Pune etc entered its sixth day.Although the exodus is almost set to enter its first week and thousands have already arrived in the region, the number of people fleeing their work places in other states doesn't seem to be decreasing. On Monday, four special trains and two weekly scheduled trains carrying NE people arrived in Guwahati. Four more special trains were sent off from Guwahati to Bangalore and Howrah to ferry back other NE people who are camping at various stations in the southern states and are desperate to head back home. These trains carried a handful of passengers as most NE people are preferring to stay on home ground during this time of crisis and uncertainty.\"It was assumed that the flow of people would be reduced by the sixth day but what we saw on Monday was completely the reverse. More than 7,000 people arrived here after fleeing their respective cities of work because of reported threats and rumours through SMSes warning them leave these cities before August 20 or face dire consequences. The number of people arriving on Monday could actually be even more as some sources said it could be close to 8,000,\" said an official working with the city administration's helpdesk.On Monday morning, the first SBC special train from arrived at around 6.15am. Just before noon, the second SBC special arrived and by afternoon the third SBC and another special from Howrah arrived in the city. At around 7.40am the weekly Bangalore-Guwahati Express also arrived. Meanwhile, one Guwahati-Howrah special, two Guwahati-Bangalore specials and one Kamakhya-Bangalore special also left for their respective destinations to ferry back those who are camping at various stations across south India.\"We came back as soon as possible to escape the August 20 deadline. Our lives are more important than our jobs. We will wait and see whether the situation improves for us to return to our places of work,\" said T Doley, a passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578030", "title": "Police want brain mapping test on Kanda", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police plan to put former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda through a brain mapping test to get clues about the nature of his relationship with former employee Geetika Sharma, who committed suicide earlier this month and held him responsible for her death.The move comes in the wake of Kanda not having revealed much in his two days of police custody. Cops, however, would need Kanda's permission for conducting the brain mapping test and he is unlikely to agree. The results of such a test are not admissible in court.Geetika's allegation in her suicide note about Kanda 'cheating and harassing' her has becoming a vexing mystery for police.However, DCP (northwest) P Karunakaran said, \"If required, we may go for it. We will take him to all places where we feel investigation is required\". Sources said police were likely to move court in this regard soon to seek permission.Sources said police are also considering a narco-analysis test to corroborate Kanda's statements, and a DNA test to confirm some details that have emerged from the postmortem report. This eagerness to use unconventional investigation techniques is born of Kanda's reportedly evasive answers during questioning. Police are surprised at his rehearsed answers. During cross-questioning, he looks at his lawyers and remains silent, gives vague answers or denies the allegations altogether.A list of people who helped and harbored Kanda while he dodged police is also being prepared. This is likely to ruffle many feathers as many Haryana politicians are suspected to have helped the arrested MLA.There could be more trouble in store for Kanda as investigators are digging for every dirty secret related to his now defunct MDLR Airlines. Police are trying to trace an HR personnel named Khushboo Sinha, who was reportedly a partner with Geetika at Kanda's educational society in Sirsa. She may be asked to join investigations.Unable to trace Ankita \u2014 the other woman Geetika mentioned in her suicide note \u2014 in Goa, police are likely to send a team to her hometown in Satna, Madhya Pradesh. However, sources said she might have been sent to Singapore after Geetika's suicide. Ankita, Geetika alleged, has a child from Kanda and worked for the MDLR casino in Goa. The two women met in Goa but did not get along. Their relationship turned so bitter that Geetika lodged an FIR against Ankita and Nupur Mehta, accusing them of stealing her bag. The duo later claimed that it was a prank, police said.Khushboo, Ankita and actress Nupur Mehta are likely to be questioned to establish the sequence of events and their association with Kanda. Nupur Mehta's statement that Geetika once threw files at Kanda's face and hated Ankita need to be explored, police say.On Sunday night, Geetika's family provided cops with her Emirates staff ID and the landline number of her Dubai flat. These are key to finding the chain of events that led to her termination from the Dubai airline. The family alleged Kanda called up Geetika on the landline numbers and pressured her to return. He had even gone to Dubai twice with Aruna Chaddha for this, they alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579133", "title": "Five Coimbatore youth to address Budapest fest", "text": "COIMBATORE: R Aswathi, a final-year BTech biotechnology student at Bannari Amman Institute of Technology will soon pack her bags for Budapest, Hungary , where she is attending a youth gathering of 15,000 from 180 countries across the world. She will be presenting a paper on her work with HIV positive children in Coimbatore before the huge gathering. She is among five youths and children from Coimbatore to attend the event.Shanthi Ashram, a local NGO which works with HIV positive children is sending the youths to Budapest in recognition of their work at the organisation. Apart from Aswathi, Athishey Kiran and Adarsh from Yuva Bharathi School, Priyanka Jain from GD Matriculation School, and Karuna Sagari from Bakthi Natya Niketan, a dance school, are attending GenFest 2012, which happens once in five years. The purpose of GenFest is to channelize youth for social activities and spread peace and harmony across the world.\"I have worked in the area of resource mobilisation and stigma eradication among HIV children at Shanthi Ashram, which is in Kovaipudur. The theme of the Budapest conference this year is building bridges. Apart from this, there will be a lot of experience and cultural sharing. There will be a series of workshops and seminars and I will be presenting my paper on the first day,\" said Aswathi.GenFest is happening in Budapest from August 29 to September 2. \"I am hoping to get my visa cleared on time. I am thrilled to be representing my country on the world stage,\" said Aswathi. Once she comes back from GenFest, Aswathi will continue with her social activities. A gold medallist at her college, she plans to do her GRE and work for an MS in the US. \"I have also been to Geneva in 2010 for a 100% workshop at the end of which I got a facilitator certificate. I had to come back and teach classes for children. I also go to different schools and take HIV children with me to give them exposure and rid the mental stigma they often face,\" said Aswathi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578171", "title": "Policy on cards for min offices in Mantralaya", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has appointed a committee that will guide the renovation work at Mantralaya. As part of the Mantralaya revamp, it has decided to formulate a standard set of guidelines regarding the size and design of offices for each category of individuals.A high-level committee headed by chief secretary Jayant Kumar Banthia took the decision after it was found that offices of certain functionaries (both ministers and officials) are larger than their entitlements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmednagar", "code": "15585244", "title": "Have not promised support to any party: Anna Hazare", "text": "AHMEDNAGAR: Social crusader Anna Hazare today denied having given commitment to back any political party on contemporary issues.\"I have not spoken with any media regarding supporting any political party,\" Hazare told PTI before leaving for Babhalgaon in Latur district to offer condolence to grieving family of late union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh there.\"Nowadays, I prefer to express my views and reactions through my blog only. Whatever I have to convey, I post it on blog,\" the veteran Gandhian said.Reports regarding Hazare offering support to political parties had appeared recently in some sections of media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579514", "title": "On birthday, ex-mayor Kundatai gets musical tribute", "text": "NAGPUR: In this season of festivals, this one celebrated motherhood. The programme 'Aai' was a fitting tribute to a mother by her grateful daughters. At the receiving end of all this love and affection was the first woman Mayor of Nagpur Kundatai Vijaykar and the occasion was her 70th birthday. Anita Vijaykar and Anuja Kedar, through this musical programme that had its 25{+t}{+h} show in Nagpur, conveyed their gratitude to their illustrious mother at a function organized at Sai Sabha Gruh on Monday.'Aai' has been conceptualized by well known city singer Datta Harkare and is a mix of some 25 songs, all in praise of mother. \"I set this programme as a tribute to my mother when she passed away after a brief illness. Whenever I have presented this on stage, it has been very well received by the audience,\" said Harkare. The surprise presence of Padmaja Phenany Joglekar, who mesmerized the audience with an impromptu rendition of 'kaye sangu bai mahairacha thaat' added to the grace of this event.The rendering of numbers like premswarup aai, dev jari maan, nijalya taanawari by singers Datta Harkare, Vinya Nandedkar, Smita Joshi and Anuja Kedar cast an emotional spell on the audience. The collection of devotional songs jai jai hey jagdambe maata and Gyandev bal maza were selected for a spiritual effect. But it was the racy tujh ko nahi dekha hamne kabhi and the soulful nibodacha jhada mage sung by Anuja Kedar that truly underlined the sentiment of the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15577150", "title": "Boy drowns in pool, owner booked", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 17-year-old boy drowned in an unauthorized swimming pool in the Aman Vihar area of outer Delhi on Sunday afternoon. The boy had just learnt how to swim and had joined the club only recently. The incident was reported from the Aman Vihar area.According to police, the incident was reported around 2pm at the Janta Enclave area in Aman Vihar where the swimming pool is located. The boy, Raja Kumar, was a Class 12 student who lived in a nearby colony. A case of death due to negligence has been registered against the swimming pool owner, Satish Kumar (45), a resident of Kirari Village. Kumar has been arrested. and have arrested him for his negligent conduct that led to the death of Raja.A senior police officer said that the pool was not equipped with life-saving equipment. Cops are yet to trace the trainer who has been missing after the incident. \"We don't know if the trainer was in the swimming pool when the tragedy occurred,\" said a police officer.\"Raja had come to the swimming pool around 1.30pm. He was rushed to Sanjay Gandhi Memorial Hospital where doctors pronounced him dead on arrival,\" claimed a family member. \"We are investigating why no one noticed he was drowning\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "15578430", "title": "Coconut farmers wilt under falling prices", "text": "MADURAI: Coconut farmers in the district are seriously contemplating to raze down their standing crops, frustrated over the minimum prices offered for their produce. They also don't see any prospective of the prices going up in near future. One of the growers, N Palanisamy from Melur, who has more than 1,000 trees in his farm stopped harvesting coconuts for the last few months due to low prices. \"What is the point in harvesting when the workers demand Rs 15 to 20 per tree when a coconut is sold for just Rs 1.50? I may end up just paying the labour costs of harvesting, so I left the coconuts on the trees for last four months,\" he rues.Recently, when the farmers' grievance redressal meeting was held at the collectorate, coconut farmers poured out their miseries informing the officials that they will start cutting down the trees due to the low prices. They also informed that they will stage a demonstration in Melur against the low prices and demanded the government to procure the coconuts like paddy.\"We started raising coconut trees after other crops turned unviable due to lack of Periyar water and labour crunch. We thought, coconuts, which require less intensive labour and water may help the farmers but the lack of prices frustrate us and we don't see any scope in keeping the coconut trees,\" says R Mayathevar from Munduvelampatti in Chellampatti block. \"Many farmers in the district have abandoned the crops, not tending them properly. Coconuts should be harvested once in 40 days, but many don't stick to this schedule anymore,\" he added.V R Muthupeyandi from Tamil Nadu Farmers Association says that they get about Rs 2.60 to Rs 3 for every coconut but that includes the transportation, loading and labour and the farmer may hardly get Rs 1.50 after all the deductions. Besides, they should also deploy a worker in the farm, meet the irrigation cost and other expenses on fertilisers and pesticides. \"Some of the farmers adapt to leasing the farms to coconut merchants on annual basis. But direct farming is always beneficial for the farmers,\" he added.The farmers demanded the district administration to set up a direct procurement centre for coconuts as well as koppara (dried coconuts). \"Most of the districts like Erode, Theni, Dindigul have set up a procurement centre for coconuts. Hence, we urge the district administration to establish one and procure the coconuts from the farmers\", K Devaraj, President of Madurai Farmers Association said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583022", "title": "Winning start by Rahul, Shavinder", "text": "LUDHIANA: What better way to get to know the new faces in college than by throwing 'freshers party.' That's what the senior batches of Gujranwal Gurunanak Institute of Management and Technology (GGNIMT) did to welcome their new batch of students on Monday.The party, which was called 'Aagman-12' was a musical treat organized to welcome the fresh batch of BCom (professional), BCA, BBA and hotel management.A solo dance by Beant Kaur of BCA third semester won her a lot of praise. Dilsher Singh, Maninder Singh and Baldev Singh of BCA regaled everyone with melodies. The high point of the evening was a fashion show followed by the announcement Mr and Miss Freshers contest results.Rahul and Shavinder Kaur, both students from BBA first semester were declared Mr Fresher and Ms Fresher, respectively. Chetan Sachdeva from BBA and Lousiana from BCom (professional) bagged the title of Mr and Ms Well Dressed. The evening ended on a high note with principal Dr P S Khattra appreciating the efforts of the seniors and congratulated them for the success of their party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579585", "title": "Punjabi, Hindi are all Greek to Panjab University evaluators", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjabi language, it seems, is all Greek to scores of evaluators at Panjab University. These evaluators, who are from PU and affiliated colleges and belong to different states of India, are unable to evaluate answer-books attempted in Hindi and Punjabi.A notification issued by the PU administration two days ago to permit writing and evaluation of MPhil entrance exam answer sheets in Hindi and Punjabi languages may have pleased student leaders who raised the issue, however the real crisis remains unresolved. And that is dearth of evaluators who know these languages.\"In most Punjab colleges affiliated to PU, the medium of instruction is purely Punjabi and their answer sheets are checked through university examination branch. It's unfortunate that there are very few evaluators who can check answer sheets in Hindi and Punjabi and this issue has been raised on several occasions in the university senate,\" said Prabjit Singh, a PU senate member.\"Several evaluators, who do not know Punjabi at all, come to us for help to check answer sheets that have been written in Punjabi,\" says Sukhdev Singh, chairperson of department of Punjabi, PU.\"Just like bureaucrats who are assigned a particular cadre have to learn the native language, similarly teachers must also know the local languages. The onus lies on PU authorities to conduct workshops for teachers to help them know Punjabi and Hindi well enough to evaluate answer sheets,\" said Mohammed Khalid, president, Panjab University Teachers Association (PUTA).\"This has been a major problem, particularly for thousands of answer sheets of students from rural colleges. There are very few teachers who are comfortable checking answer sheets in Hindi and Punjabi,\" said an official of PU's examination branch.PUTA president has recently written a letter to the PU, Dean University Instructions (DUI) urging that teachers be made a part of any deliberation on issues concerning language at the level of M.Phil and PhD exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "15578163", "title": "Yamuna e-way may get petrol pump by Sept 15", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: A day after TOI reported how a Noida resident had to sweat it out in the sun for three hours after he ran out of fuel on the Yamuna Expressway, the speedway operator on Monday promised to improve facilities. The company has begun a departmental probe to establish the official at fault due to which the commuter had suffered. The company has also indicated that the first petrol pump may become operational by September 15 near Tappal.Speaking to TOI, Sachin Gaur, director and CFO in Jaypee group said, \"We have taken the matter seriously and initiated a probe to know how the incident occurred. We will invite suggestions from the public and, on our part, kept a vigil on every development. Our officials will regularly visit the expressway to check that things are in place.\"So far, there are no petrol pumps along the entire 165km stretch of the expressway. \"Six petrol pumps have been proposed on the expressway, three on each side. As Tappal is the mid-point of the route, we are trying our best to make the first petrol pump there,\" Gaur said.The group has also started working on the project 'service on wheels', which will be a repair assistance service provided to commuters. \"Keeping vehicles breakdown in mind, we will launch a service to give all roadside repair assistance solutions. Under this service, our fully-equipped vehicles would have all facilities to solve problems,\" Gaur claimed. The expressway call centre has received 450 calls from commuters so far and 300 litres fuel has been given to those whose tanks got empty.When asked about the response time for services to commuters, Gaur said that they are trying to keep it at 15-20 minutes. \"However, we will try and reduce the response time over a period,\" he added.The expressway operator warned that the tyres of vehicles may burst due to overspeeding. \"Keeping this issue in mind, we will launch an education drive. We are also in talks with a tyre manufacturing company to provide solutions on the expressway by opening some outlets,\" Gaur further said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582126", "title": "Srimannarayana\u2019s platinum disc function on Aug 26", "text": "The platinum disc function of Natasimha Nandamuri Balakrishna's upcoming action drama \"Srimannarayana\" would be held on August 26 in Hyderabad. Delighted with the response for the film's audio songs, composed by Chakri, producer Ramesh Puppala has decided to share the happiness by organizing a platinum disc function.The promos of Srimannarayana have already garnered enough curiosity and created a good impact amongst the audience. Balayya would be seen as a powerful TV journalist in this movie, which is directed by Ravikumar Chavali. Isha Chawla and Parvati Melton have played the lead roles in the film, which is gearing for a grand release in the last week of August.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578527", "title": "Baby girl poisoned to death, father held", "text": "BANGALORE: A 20-day-old girl was killed by her father on Sunday in Bangalore Rural district. Frustrated that his newborn child was a girl, Nandish, 25, allegedly poisoned his daughter in Haadihosahalli village, near Thyamagondlu in Nelamangala taluk.Nandish, a mechanic, fed her donkey's milk laced with poison, according to his wife Savitha, 20. In the police complaint, Savitha said she found her daughter frothing at the mouth on Sunday afternoon. She was immediately administered first aid at Thyamagondlu government hospital. She was referred to the Tumkur government hospital where she died within 10 minutes of being admitted.She alleged her husband didn't want a daughter and therefore killed her.However, police said two other theories were doing the rounds. Nandish reportedly had gone to an astrologer who told him as his daughter was born during rahu kalam, he'd die within two months. He was also advised he'd be safe if his daughter died within two months, they said.Another theory is that Nandish had brought donkey's milk in a plastic bottle he'd picked up from a garbage dump. (Donkey's milk is said to have medicinal value) There's a possibility the bottle was contaminated and caused the infant's death, police said.Nandish was arrested but denied killing his daughter as he loved her. The milk bottle is being tested to ascertain if it had been contaminated or had poisoned milk. The postmortem report is expected in a couple of days, police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578064", "title": "Religion no bar for traditional delicacies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Preparations for Eid began a night before at the Khan household \u2014 dry fruit and spices had to be grated, bowls used for serving sewaiyan had to be bought, and everything else had to be in order for the big day.It's been a month of fasting, and nothing should go wrong. \"Food is an integral part of the celebration; we need to have it in the morning, before or after the prayer. Usually, it's sewaiyan, kachoris, or milk with dates cooked in it,\" says Junaid Ali Khan, a marketing executive.The food for the rest of the day, however, is more elaborate. There's keema stew and biryani along with other sumptuous dishes, in quantities enough to feed their extended family members, who visit them during the day. \"Mutton plays a big role; even vegetables or potatoes have minced meat in them,\" he says.Rising prices have forced many families to stay within their budget and focus on a simpler menu, but for many non-Muslims it's still a meal fit for a king. \"I absolutely love dishes like korma, and when they're homemade, they're more authentic. Though I don't celebrate Eid, I wait for it every year just for the food,\" says Sahil Arora, whose colleague sends him home-cooked food on Eid.While rich food, family bonding and prayer form the common thread running through the festival, every family has its own way of celebrating the day. Tanzila Anis, a freelance copywriter, says, \"A Salman Khan movie has been releasing every year during Eid, so it's become a tradition for us to go for one in the evening.\"For Amna Mirza Sayeed, a political science lecturer in Delhi University , celebrations this year were different, as this was her first Eid after marriage.\"I had to wear a heavy brocade suit, and supervise everything at home. There was also more responsibility as I had to play host to so many different people, and ensure the preparations were done well. Last year I was pretty carefree,\" says Sayeed. While she bonded with friends and family during the day, in the evening she took sewaiyan, sweets and fruit for kids at an orphanage near India Gate. This year's Eid took on a new meaning for her as she also celebrated a new phase in her life.No festival is complete without gifts, and on Eid, too, it's customary for elders to give gifts to youngsters. At just 11 years, Salim is too young to observe the monthlong period of fasting, but he still looks forward to his Eidi (gifts). \"I got a remote-controlled helicopter from my parents this year,\" he says happily. Last year, it was just a token amount of Rs 100, so the excitement is understandable.Abstinence during Ramzan isn't limited to food and water. Those who observe it are encouraged to practise self-restraint. And for many people, it's the little things they've refrained from that matter a lot. \"It's great to finally gossip with friends on Eid!\" says Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577661", "title": "Rahul Gandhi country's next prime minister: Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Monday said the Congress has accepted Rahul Gandhi as the country's next prime minister and it was for the latter to chose when to assume that responsibility.This was probably the first time that a senior Congress leader directly referred to the Nehru-Gandhi family scion as the next prime minister. Last Saturday, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit termed Rahul as the country's \"future hope\" and that everyone was waiting for him to assume a vital role.\"The nation and the party have accepted this. It is just a matter of time now, so let us see when he becomes the prime minister,\" chief minister Gehlot said, while addressing a gathering of Congressmen at the party headquarters here on Monday. The partymen had assembled to mark the 68th birth anniversary of former prime minister late Rajiv Gandhi . The Rajasthan PCC website was also launched on the occasion.The chief minister also took a swipe at the BJP and the NDA alliance on the issue. \"Other parties have so many candidates fighting for the prime minister's post,\" Gehlot said, suggesting that there was no clear leadership in the opposition parties.Gehlot also hit out at Team Anna and yoga guru Baba Ramdev, as he asserted that the Congress would return to power at the Centre and in the state after the next elections too. \"However hard Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev may shout slogans and demonstrate on the roads, Congress will form the next government not only at the Centre but also in Rajasthan,\" the chief minister said in his speech. He said Team Anna and Baba Ramdev's demands were unjustified as these were against the supremacy of the parliament and the constitution. \"We have the judiciary, the Lok Sabha and the Rajya Sabha; any demand should be made before them and within the constitutional framework,\" Gehlot emphasised.The chief minister also advised people to guard against the conspirators of the Assam violence. \"People were instigated through SMSes under a planned conspiracy. We need to be cautious. We need to remember that our leaders have laid their lives to maintain communal harmony in the country,\" Gehlot said.Congress state president Chandrabhan, meanwhile, blamed \"caste politics\" for the NSUI's debacle in the just concluded student unions' elections across the state. \"Caste politics play a role in student elections,\" Chandrabhan said, while maintaining that NSUI's show does not reflect on the ruling party's performance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15579076", "title": "Tourism targets: Vagator, Tambdi Surla, Selaulim", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa tourism development corporation (GTDC) has drawn up plans to develop three of its vacant properties into attractive tourism destinations. The addition of three more properties to Goa's tourism map is expected to boost the corporation's revenue and also provide jobs to locals.The corporation's plans, for the development of its properties at Vagator beach, Tambdi Surla and Selaulim dam into tourism hotspots, have been sent to the government for approval. The government will however not spend its own money to develop these properties. They will be developed by private investors who will then get to run the property on lease for 21 years.The GTDC owns over 53,00sq m of land near Vagator beach. It now plans to put up tourism infrastructure that will include a viewing tower, adventure sports, landscaped gardens, changing rooms and toilets for tourists. The Vagator property will have food courts, bar and restaurants, handicrafts and allied stalls and a no-plastic zone with emphasis on use of solar and wind power.Sources said that the corporation is considering putting up an Essel world-kind of water sports activity at Vagator but any project will be undertaken by complying with CRZ norms.The GTDC is also considering developing an area of 653sq m of its property in historic Tambdi Surla. The plans include renovation of the GTDC's non-functional cafeteria at Tambdi Surla and the construction of eco-friendly bamboo huts to provide accommodation for tourists.The GTDC's third project is planned on a site overlooking the Selaulim dam in Sanguem taluka. The GTDC has 13,000sq m of land there and has plans of putting up a rest-house, cottages and a restaurant. A garden with an entertainment zone of games, etc is also part of the plan. The Tambdi Surla and Selaulim dam projects are basically to promote hinterland and eco-tourism in Goa, sources said.The plans have already been discussed with the government and the government is most likely to give its approval to these projects, sources said. The government will then appoint a consultant to design and implement the projects, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583788", "title": "Rukhsar in a film with Rajeev Khandelwal!", "text": "Rukhsar Rehman, who has made her re-entry in Director Kut's Productions' Kuch Toh Log Kahenge as Mallika, will now be seen in a film.Yes you heard it right! Rukhsar, who started her career with films and debuted in Yaad Rakhegi Duniya , has been roped in yet again for a mainstream Hindi film. The shooting for the untitled film is expected to begin in September, outdoors.Sources inform that the film also stars actors like Rajeev Khandelwal , Gauhar Khan , Piyush Mishra, Aditya Pancholi and Shatrughan Sinha , to name a few. Interestingly, this is Rukhsar's second film with Aditya Pancholi after Yaad Rakhegi Duniya where she played the character of Naina and Aditya Pancholi played Vicky Anand.When contacted, Rukhsar confirmed the news, \"Yes I am playing a pivotal role in the film and my character is very interesting\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578300", "title": "After 30 years, athlete from Maharashtra awarded Arjuna", "text": "NASHIK: One of the most prestigious sports awards in the country\u2014 the Arjuna Award\u2014 has been conferred on the ace, long-distance runner Kavita Raut from Sawarpada village in Nashik district for her outstanding show in the Commonwealth and the Asiad Games.The 28-year-old Commonwealth Games bronze medalist and the Asian silver and bronze medal winner has been training for the last decade at the SAI Athletic Centre, Bhosala Military School, under the guidance of the NIS coach Veejendra Singh. She made her way into international athletics with the help of Singh and the backing of the Nashik District Amateur Athletic Association (NDAAA) .\"This is after 30 years (after runner Adille Sumariwala) that any Maharashtrian athlete has been given the Arjuna award by the award panel of the sports ministry and I am happy that Kavita has made the cut,\" said her coach, adding, \"This is the highest point of my coaching career of twenty-odd years. My disappointment of Kavita not qualifying for the Olympics has now given way to a satisfaction after this honour\u2014 I, too, feel honoured.\" Kavita said, \"My family comes from a small village and did not know what athletics was all about, yet, they allowed me to pursue this career where girls are required to sport shorts and tee-shirts,\" said Kavita. \"This award is not the end of my career but will inspire me to achieve further glory in the World Championships and the 2016 Olympics.\"The secretary of the NDAAA Hemant Pande said, \"There are many like Kavita, such as Monika Athre, Anjana Thamke, Kisan Tadvi, Siresh Wagh, Durga Deore, who are raring to go and shine. Kavita's award will surely act as an impetus. And let us not forget the support of the sponsors like Mahindra &amp; Mahindra and others.\"The Arjuna award bestowed upon by the Olympics silver medalist Rajyawardhan Rathod-led committee, will carry a cash prize of Rs 5 lakh, a citation and a statuette. The Award ceremony will take place on August 29 at the Rashtrapati Bhawan, where the President will himself present the awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15581340", "title": "Abhinav Kashyap wants a new deal for his next film", "text": "The inside story why the Dabangg director hasn't yet finalised a production house for his next, Besharam that stars Ranbir Kapoor in the lead...His directorial debut Dabangg set the cash registers ringing. However, Abhinav Kashyap seems to have hit a roadblock with his second project Besharam.Abhinav has succeeded in getting Ranbir Kapoor to star in his film. However, he hasn't been as lucky in terms of a production house. Viacom 18 were willing to produce the film however reportedly, they decided to withdraw support.Undaunted, Abhinav has taken his project to Reliance and is believed to be in discussions with Fox Studios, UTV and Eros International as well. However, none of them have signed on the dotted line. So, what gives? A source close to Viacom 18 told us last night, \"Viacom 18 is still keen to do Besharam with Abhinav. But his style of functioning is a problem. We have no issues with him and would love to renegotiate with him if he decreases our burden.\"Apparently, Abhinav not only wants profit sharing benefits for himself, as this newspaper had earlier reported, but also for his entire set of writers, music directors and technicians. \"This happens, if at all, only in Hollywood. Bollywood mein aisa kabhi nahi hua. Sharing profits with his crew would completely upset the applecart,\" the source said and added, \"No doubt Abhinav has a big hero like Ranbir in his fold. One can understand he wants profits. But why should we give profits, if any, to the other people involved, who're largely behind the scenes? Studios have never done that so why change the face of Bollywood now?\"Asked if things have worked with Reliance, the source said, \"It's the same. Reliance hasn't yet given him their nod for the same reason. They will get back to him but only if he understands the economics of filmmaking in India.\"About the other production houses, the source said, \"It's not so easy. He will have to completely dissolve all paper work with Viacom 18, Else there could be legal ramifications.\"According to the source, Abhinav is very keen to kick start Besharam but is being firm. \"He is a nice guy. He made a fine film in Dabangg . He has a good script in Besharam as well. He should not waste any more time,\" the source pointed out.Despite repeated attempts, Abhinav Kashyap chose not to reply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583262", "title": "Vit D supplementation cuts respiratory infection risk", "text": "Daily intake of vitamin D supplement can reduce the risk of respiratory infections such as colds or flu among children in winter, researchers have suggested .In a study conducted in Mongolian schoolchildren, an international research team found that daily vitamin D supplementation decreased the risk of respiratory infections among children who had low blood levels of vitamin D at the start of the study.\"Our randomized controlled trial shows that vitamin D has important effects on infection risk,\" said Carlos Camargo, MD, of Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH), the study's corresponding author.\"In almost 250 children with low blood levels of vitamin D during winter, we found that taking a daily vitamin D supplement cut in half the risk of a respiratory infection,\" Camargo stated.Several recent investigations have suggested that vitamin D - best known for its role in the development and maintenance of strong bones - has additional important roles, including in immune function.Since vitamin D is naturally produced by the body in response to sunlight, maintaining adequate levels in winter is particularly challenging in areas such as the northern U.S. and Canada that have significant seasonal variations in daily sunlight.The current study analyzed data from the Blue Sky Study, conducted in Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia , by a team led by Harvard investigators in collaboration with local health researchers.Mongolians are known to be at high risk for vitamin D deficiency, especially during winter, and the Blue Sky Study followed schoolchildren, all of whom were found to have low blood levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25OHD), which is considered the best measure of vitamin D status, at the study''s outset.In the current study, Camargo and colleagues compared the number of winter respiratory infections among a group of children who received daily doses of vitamin D added to locally produced milk with that of a control group receiving the same milk without added vitamin D.Based on reports from their parents, the children receiving vitamin D had about half the incidence of respiratory infections that the control group had.\"Our study design provides strong evidence that the association between low vitamin D and respiratory infections is causal and that treating low vitamin D levels in children with an inexpensive and safe supplement will prevent some respiratory infections,\" says Camargo, a professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School .The findings will appear in the journal Pediatrics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kokrajhar", "code": "15577654", "title": "Eid comes to refugee camps, but will it bring peace?", "text": "KOKRAJHAR: The blue, red and green-coloured papers, cut in rough triangles and strung around the Kashipara refugee camp near Kokrajhar in lower Assam, are there to add an element of festivity in the protected area meant for a group of homeless Muslims. But all they do is flutter away in jarring contrast to the mood among those gathered for Eid namaz on Monday.A special food counter has been put up for this day, but no one seems particularly interested. The only ones milling around are a bunch of unruly children, happy and expectant.\"Who would have imagined praying on an occasion like this in an open ground, surrounded by CRPF and far from our home that has been destroyed?\" says Amjad Ali Mondol, camp head at Kashipara. \"But we hope Allah will show us better days, there will be peace and all communities will introspect about what has befallen us.\"Everyone, of course, knows it won't be easy. Each of the 884 displaced men and women in this camp have such tales of horror and fear to tell. It will take a long time for things to fall in place, for them to forgive and forget what happened in the weeks following July 20 when a string of murders set off an exodus of unimaginable magnitude.Noor Islam Mondol, who has been teaching Hindi at the Magurmari high school for 23 years now, says it'll be more difficult than ever before for all Bengali-speaking Muslims in these parts to prove their Indian bonafides. \"We are ourselves ready to help the authorities in identifying Bangladeshis here. But no one listens to us,\" he says. \"We have become easy targets. People will have to realize that it is because of a shared culture with those across the border that we speak the same language, observe common customs and wear similar clothes. That doesn't make us illegal settlers.\"Sitting in a corner all by himself, Ibrahim Ali, who had a small tailoring shop until it was broken and vandalized, says he hasn't been working for more than a month now, and that's what he is most worried about. \"The savings are fast depleting. I have kids to look after. What I want to know is how long we will have to live like this?\"Soorma-eyed and intelligent, Anwer Hussain, panchayat secretary in Lakhiganj, Dhubri district, is at the camp too. A sane voice, he says, \"Look, I was born perhaps in the 1950s and I can take you to people, non-Muslims, who have seen me grow. My father and his father were born here. That doesn't stop anyone from calling me Bangladeshi. I also know it is very difficult to seal the border. People there, both Indians and Bangladeshis, trade with each other as if they belong to the same country. I've gone across myself, once crawling undetected through jute fields.\" Asked what is the way out, he shakes his head and says, \"It is very difficult to secure the border. The river breaches checkposts all the time. It breaks here one day, somewhere else the next. There are technical problems.\"That is something one hears all the time. The porousness of the border and the way the BSF here and the BDF in Bangladesh are manning it, triggering accusations that the two security forces might be doing a little business of their own letting goods and people enter for a consideration.Calls for peace and harmony on Eid have gone out from everywhere \u2014 Muslims organizations, CM Tarun Gogoi and Bodo leader Hagrama Mohilary, who extended his best wishes. \"On this holy occasion,\" he said in a statement, \"I would like to appeal to all to work for peace so that the process of rehabilitation of the genuine citizens (note 'genuine') may soon be taken up. The holy Eid would spread love, strengthen brotherhood and unify the countrymen.\"That is easier said than done. Fresh groups of Bodos poured into the camps on Monday, taking seriously rumours that Muslim groups were waiting till the end of Ramzan to reorganize and strike back. That may just be a new headache for the Assam government as Bodos, too, seem to have hardened their position against \"illegal migrants\" and are itching for a fight. This is clear from a note Mohilary recently sent to home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde. \"The root cause of the unfortunate happening,\" he tells Shinde, \"is a long-drawn planning by immigrant Muslims to grab tribal lands in Bodoland Territorial Council areas.\"There are many \u2014 the Centre, Assam government, security forces, Bodo and Muslims groups \u2014 who are watching closely how things go from here on in Lower Assam. A senior CRPF officer at the Kashipara camp said two sections of the paramilitary arm and dozens of CBI sleuths have their ear to the ground in that area alone. One only hopes they hear good things.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579129", "title": "Building bridges between Tamil and Malayalam", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil literary world is accustomed to seeing N Sukumaran as a poet. On Sunday, a small crowd of literature lovers saw Sukumaran as a critic of Malayalam literature. As Sukumaran expounded on the various facets of contemporary Malayalam literature, in an event organised by Aruvi, a local cultural organisation, the crowd sat in rapt attention until the floor was opened for questions.Visiting Coimbatore for the first time since 1985, the writer, who hails from Coimbatore, also offered his insights into the city during his childhood days.\"I am interested in the newer sensibilities seen in modern Malayalam literature since its dawn in the 1970s and through post modernism till 2010. I spoke about fiction and poetry. I did not focus on any particular writer but rather on writers who had focussed bringing newer sensibilities to the already existing canon of work,\" said Sukumaran.Born in 1957 in Ramanathapuram, Sukumaran did BSc Chemistry from PSG Arts College. \"I have very little to say about those days. I wish to forget them,\" he says, raising the possibility that he was the right guy in the wrong course. Post his college, Sukumaran became a sales representative and worked in the city. In 1985, he moved out of the city to work in various media organisations including Kumkumam and Sun TV, first in Chennai and, later, in Thiruvananthapuram.\"My mother tongue is Malayalam. But we spoke Tamil at home. When I turned 16, I wanted to do something new and decided to learn Malayalam because I knew how to speak. Then with the help of a teacher, I learnt the grammar and began writing the language. I also became an avid reader of Malayalam newspapers,\" Sukumaran added. As his interest in the language grew, he started to translate some of the finest writers in Malayalam, among them Vaikkom Muhammad Basheer and Paul Zacharia, into Tamil. He has over 13 translation collections besides his own volumes of poetry. His collections, Kodaikala Kurippukal and Payanikalin Sangeetam were much appreciated by serious readers.Talking about Coimbatore as a city of his youth and now, he said it has evolved into a small city with all big city aspects. Talking about Aruvi, he said, \"It was a pleasant shock as I realised I had already written in the magazine brought out by the people behind Aruvi.\"\"Coimbatore used to be the centre of literature in Tamil Nadu after Chennai. Books were read here in large numbers in the 1970s and 80s. It used to be the hub for movements and new trends. But all that is gone now. Aruvi's efforts are significant in bringing back the reading habit to Coimbatore,\" said Sukumaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579701", "title": "Cong builds poll foundation on dream house", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Near-stampede like situations prevailed across Gujarat's cities and towns as lakhs of poor women crowded hundreds of centres to register for a house \"of their own\" in state Congress' affordable housing scheme 'Ghar nu Ghar' launched on Monday.Serpentine queues were seen across the city for registration since early morning and the inflow of women only increased in the day. The mad scramble for forms also sparked skirmishes between Congress workers and women at some places.In Ahmedabad, Eid celebrations took a backseat as hundreds stood in queue for hours to register themselves for their \"own\" house. \"Eid comes every year.However, if I miss applying for this scheme, I would have to stay in a rented house in a chawl for the rest of my life,\" said Nafisa Sheikh, who stood in the queue in Dudheshwar since 6.00 am. The form distribution drive was launched by the party's state head Arjun Modhwadia at Chandkheda.Crowd management was a challenging task for Congress workers across the 64 distribution centres set up in the city. People spilling onto the roads from the queues resulted in traffic snarls at many places in Naranpura, Saraspur, Paldi, Naroda and Amraiwadi and Satellite.Ramaben Patel, living on rent in Vejalpur, reached a centre close to her house at 5 am with all necessary documents. Patel said that she has applied for a 2-BHK flat. \"I can afford to pay Rs 1.80 lakh as down payment as both my sons are working. We have been trying to buy a house, but the prices are too high to buy even one BHK.\"Eighty-year-old Mehrunisa Mohammed said that she was standing in the queue so that at least her son may get to live in a house of his own. \"I hope that the Congress gives houses to every one in the very first year and not make one wait for three years, as proposed,\" she said. Trisha Patel, a house maid, said that she decided to take the day off from her work to apply for the scheme. \"There is no harm in trying,\" she said.Pickpockets have field dayCongress event was not without its share of troubles. According to city police, minor incidents such as pick pocketing, valuables and jewellery going missing and scuffles were reported at a number of venues across the city. However, no formal complaints were filed.Assistant commissioner of police, A division, P C Joshi, told TOI that at many places the Congress office-bearers sought help from them. \"We had got applications for the events and had provided adequate police bandobast at place where we felt the need,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576790", "title": "Plea for theatre ticket hike meets \u2018fire\u2019 wall", "text": "HYDERABAD: Film exhibitors want to hike ticket rates but a reluctant home department has instead asked them to first make their theatres safe. The exhibitors have been handed a list of stipulations by the fire safety department and are expected to carry out whatever changes are required for the safety of the audience. According to sources, a delegation from the AP Film Chamber of Commerce and the Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce recently met home department officials to make yet another representation requesting permission to hike ticket rates.Although several such representations have been made in the past, the state government has simply chosen to sit on them, primarily because two different sections in the film industry have divergent views on the issue. While some big-budget film producers are in favour of ticket rates being increased, small producers maintain that this would spell doom for the film industry.However, since film exhibitors have once again approached the state government over ticket rates, the home department has seized the opportunity to inform them that the large number of single-screen theatres, which do not conform to fire safety norms, would have to fall in line.One of the most important requirements is a 10,000-litre capacity tank on the theatre premises so that water is available in case of a fire mishap. A certain area will also have to be earmarked for a fire engine to be parked. Theatres will need to have battery back-up and emergency lights, fire alarms and also a public address system in case of emergencies. Theatre-owners have always contended that it was the single-screen theatres, set up at a time when the state government had not been so particular about fire safety measures, which were resisting complying with the rules. However, this time the film industry has come to be convinced that there is no escape from the rules. \"We do not want to resist rules. Theatres do have to be made safe and we will do so,\" said Telangana Film Chamber of Commerce president, M Vijayendar Reddy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578717", "title": "Deficit in central stations add to Tamil Nadu\u2019s power crisis", "text": "CHENNAI: A substantial drop in power generation in many Central units has added to Tamil Nadu's power crisis.Six Central power projects \u2014 Ramagundam, Neyveli, Madras Atomic Power Station, Kaiga Atomic Power Station, Talcher and Simhadri \u2014 have a commitment to supply 2,481MW to Tamil Nadu. They supplied only 1,539MW to the state on Monday. The deficit was 942MW, said TNEB officials.While two units in the 440 MW Madras Atomic Power Station (MAPS) tripped on Sunday, several other power generation units are functioning at sub-optimal capacity for varied reasons. Even Kaiga is supplying 46MW less than it should to the state.Periodical repairs are being carried out in many units in Talcher, Ramagundam and Neyveli, so the units have been shut for now, an official said. Simhadri stage II is the only unit which generates close to its full capacity of 500MW. Hence, against a commitment to supply 95 MW to Tamil Nadu, Simhadri supplies 110 MW at present.While Tamil Nadu is entitled to get 659 MW from the 2,600 MW Ramagundam project in Andhra Pradesh, the plant is functioning only at 80% if its capacity, owing to which Tamil Nadu's share has dwindled by 149MW, the official said.Use of inferior quality of coal in some Central power generation units is another reason for a dropoff in output. Talcher thermal power station stage II, for instance, supplies only 227MW to Tamil Nadu, though it is committed to supply 501MW. Of the 224MW shortfall, about 100 MW is on account of using poor quality coal at the plant, said sources.The falling quality of coal is a serious issue, owing to which even boilers are now being designed to handle coal of low calorific value, the official said. Most thermal units in India use coal with a calorific value ranging from 3,000 kilo calories per kg (Kcal/kg) to 3,800 Kcal/kg. This is 'grade E' coal. Imported coal used to have about 4,200 Kcal/kg earlier. But of late, quality of even imported coal has dropped, the official said. The best coal, 'grade A', has a calorific value exceeding 6,200.Lignite is the \"youngest coal\" from geological perspective. It is a soft coal composed of mainly volatile matter with low fixed carbon. Neyveli Lignite Corporation uses lignite to generate power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15579504", "title": "Regulators talk tough with alternative medical colleges", "text": "MUMBAI: Central bodies governing the functioning of alternative medicine courses have come under heavy criticism of late for the substandard quality of education and faculty in many colleges. With action being initiated to check the standard of education, private colleges teaching alternative medicine in the state may finally have to start worrying.Recently, the Council of Indian Medicine barred 44 of 63 ayurveda colleges in the state from admitting undergraduate students opting for Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS), an equivalent of the MBBS degree. An official from the council confirmed the move and said stringent inspections will now be an annual affair. \"During inspections , many of these colleges were found operating without teachers and proper classrooms. Some also attempted to shuffle teachers and made false claims about having full faculty,\" he said.However, the debarment is not permanent and colleges fulfilling norms would eventually be allowed to admit students in the next academic year. Surprisingly, even the state-run RA Podar College at Worli was found lacking on many counts, and was hauled up. This was confirmed by an official from the state's department of ayurveda.The state, on its part, has started adopting some checks to weed out unscrupulous individuals coming forward to start colleges. It is asking for visual evidence of infrastructure , teaching facilities and the hospital that is supposed to be attached to the medical colleges . \"We ask for photographs, and video proofs to establish their claims that they have fulfilled all necessary requirements . Chances of foul play in inspections have become negligible ,\" said T M Ghorpade, chief administrative officer of directorate of ayurveda.The New Delhi-based Central Council of Homeopathy has also increased the bank deposit amount to check the commercialization or rampant mushrooming of colleges. From Rs 3 lakh, interested parties now have to assure a bank guarantee of Rs 50 lakh to start a homeopathy college. Inspection charges too have been increased from a meagre Rs 25,000 which could be paid in installments, to Rs 3 lakh to be paid at a time.Dr Lalit Verma, registrar of the council, said that all homeopathy colleges have been granted a one-year amnesty to give them time to meet the criteria. \"It is a onetime opportunity. After that the lacunae would not be overlooked ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578248", "title": "Right to play will soon be a reality: Minister", "text": "GURGAON: To identify sports talent at the school-level, the state is mulling enactment of right to play on the pattern of the Right to Education Act.Haryana education and social welfare minister Geeta Bhukkal said the proposed act would ensure participation of every child in sports activities. \"Sports is a sign of development and the government is determined to introduce the right to play act and make Haryana a model in sports promotion,\" she said.As many as 224 Rajiv Gandhi Gramin Khel Parisars, each on an area of six acres with outdoor and indoor facilities for 10 to 12 disciplines, were being built up at the block-level in the state, the minister said.To a question, Bhukkal said the procedure to appoint PG teachers in government schools had been initiated. A selection board had been set up in this regard, she said adding all vacant posts were likely to be filled by year-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "london", "code": "15582424", "title": "Now, an app to help you beat traffic jams", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have conducted successful trials of a new technology which could tell drivers the exact speed they should go to avoid halting at a red traffic light. Researchers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are creating a technology known as 'SignalGuru' with which stop-start drives would be a thing of the past and drivers can ensure they face only green lights and a smooth ride, The Telegraph reported.The technology underwent successful trials in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where lights change at fixed intervals, and in Singapore , where their frequency is dictated by the level of traffic. The information about when traffic lights change was gathered by fitting cellphones to car dashboards. Once the information is crunched, the computer is able to calculate the best speed to avoid being caught by a red light. This is in turn transmitted back to the telephone and displayed to the motorist on a screen.Emmanouil Koukoumidis , the scientist behind the technology said the trials have been successful, with at worst the phones being only one second out of predicting when the lights would change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "midnapore", "code": "15578869", "title": "Teen held for raping minor", "text": "MIDNAPORE: A teenager was arrested by Kharagpur Police on Monday for allegedly raping a three-year-old girl in Rupnarayanpur village on Sunday night. According to a complaint lodged by the victim's grandmother, the accused, who is from another locality, had come to stay at his brother-in-law's house close to the victim's residence. She alleged that the boy had lured the girl to a nearby bamboo bush on the pretext of playing with her and then raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "sasaram", "code": "15579302", "title": "Police failed to protect Suryapura girls", "text": "SASARAM: Even as the Delhi police with ex-Haryana minister Gopal Goyal Kanda in their custody are running in circles to solve the case of suicide by ex-air hostess Geetika Sharma, many more Geetikas appear to be in the making in Rohtas district's Suryapura village, 40km from Sasaram, with few of the nine victims of molestation threatening to die \"if we do not get justice, after all\".The humiliation and helplessness of Suryapura girls for the last nearly five years are a pointer not only to the fact that the police have ceased to be a deterrent agency to the handful of lechers in the village but also to the police inaction to effectively rein them in after they indulged in the dare-devilry for the first time.Some of the girls have stopped going to schools since 2007 when the first incident of attempted molestation took place. During the last five years, the villagers claimed, they submitted several petitions to the police station concerned. However, the menace continued, and the villagers lodged FIRs - three during the last one year. They even gave representations to the DM and the SP. To no avail, however.On July 21 this year, the girls caught one eve-teaser, Manish Kumar Yadav, at Bikramganj and publicly thrashed him. He was handed over to the police, but was released on bail later.\"Fears of social stigma might have prevented the first victim of eve-teasing from going to the police. But now that we are publicly protesting against the menace, why the administration is not taking stern action against the accused?\" asked Ruby, an Intermediate student.Though Ruby somehow persuaded her father, a middle-class farmer, to let her take admission to a college at Bikramganj, she has not ventured out of her home to attend her classes for the last two months. \"If the situation doesn't change for the better, I will ask my father to leave the village for good,\" she said.Like Ruby, eight other girls of the village, having a population of 7000, have also not been attending their classes. Rinki, a graduation student in a Bikramganj college, was more depressed. \"If we do not get justice, we will die,\" she said.Rinku Devi, mother of a victim girl, alleged a police officer instead of taking action against the accused asked the girls to stop going to the college. Geeta, another girl, alleged the eve-teasers would drag their 'dupatta' and even threaten to throw acid on their faces if they resisted them.Now that the National Commission of Women has raised eyebrows over the plight of Suryapura girls, the local administration has pleaded to the Bikramganj court to cancel the bail of Manish Kumar. DGP Abhayanand, meanwhile, has summoned the SHOs of Bikramganj and Suryapura police stations to the state police HQ. A joint team of the Bikramganj SDM and DSP also reached the spot to inquire into the matter. Sources said the team has been asked to identify the officers who failed to act on the girls' complaints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584345", "title": "Theft probe leads to arrest of Ulfa leader Heera Sarania", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dreaded pro-talks Ulfa leader and the commander of the 709 battalion of the outfit, Heera Sarania, was arrested by city police on Monday from Nalbari district. Police were investigating a theft case that occurred at Christianbasti's Sikaria Complex here. They found that the case was much bigger than they had expected when the probe led to Sarania.Police traced down three accused in the case, who, to everyone's surprise, confessed that they had committed the crime at the behest of the Ulfa leader. The arrested were identified as Pankaj Kalita of Dolongpar, Pradip Chaudhury of Bamunimaidam and Sarfaraz Ali Nawaz of Ulubari here. Sarfaraz Ali is a city-based lawyer.\"On August 2, Dispur police registered a theft case when Binit Jain, an employee of city-based businessman Rajon Lohia, lodged an FIR saying that a huge sum of money was stolen from the latter's flat in Sikaria Complex. But when we started the investigation, we came to know that Binit Jain went missing soon after he lodged the complaint. Following several leads, we succeeded in first arresting the three accused and then Heera Sarania,\" said city SSP A P Tiwari.City police said that Sarania and his group were helped by Binit Jain to carry out the dacoity at the Sikaria Complex flat. \"Binit cheated his boss Rajon Lohia and helped the group enter the flat where a caretaker, Suresh Patel, was living. They not only looted the house but also took Patel to Kharguli area where we believed they killed him and threw his body into the Brahmaputra,\" added a police official.The SSP further said, \"Binit then filed a theft case at Dispur police station to show that he was innocent. But he was not happy with his cut in the crime. Soon after, he got involved in an argument with the group asking them for more money. Then he went missing too. Initial interrogation revealed that Sarania and the others abducted Binit and killed him too and threw his body into the Brahmaputra. We have sought help from the National Disaster Response Force to run a search operation in the river for the two bodies from tomorrow (Tuesday).\"The city police have registered two cases so far - one about the theft at the apartment and second about Binit Jain going missing.\"Though initially it was only a theft case, it later turned to be a case of murder, burglary and kidnapping. Additional sections may be added to the case after the interrogation of the arrested. We are going to ask for a 14-day remand for the four,\" said Tiwari.Sarania, who hails from Dighalipaar village under Tamulpur police station in Baksa district, had joined Ulfa in 1987. He was reported to make his first public appearance in 2011 at Kakopathar in Tinsukia district during the outfit's 'Martyrs' Day' celebration. He is with the pro-talks faction of Ulfa.According to state home department, the arrest of Sarania is going to be a major setback in the ongoing peace talks between the Centre and the Arabinda Rajkhowa-led pro-talks Ulfa faction. However, the police department said that it would not allow any political pressure in the case.\"Sarania might be powerful, but he is involved in criminal activity and the police will treat him like any other criminal,\" said a top police official. As the commanding officer of Ulfa's 709 battalion, he was also involved in several extortion and killings in lower Assam , police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577955", "title": "Now, get a new passport in 30 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Citizens will no longer have to wait endlessly for their passports. The ministry of external affairs has fixed a time limit of 30 days for the issuance of new passports, 15 days for re-issue of passports and one to seven days for Tatkaal applications.In addition to this, all regional passport offices have been directed to introduce walk-in facilities to smoothen the process submission of documents. The walk-in services cater to the needs of eight categories of passport applicants\u2014senior citizens, physically-challenged persons, minors below 15 years whose parents hold valid passports, applicants for Tatkaal services (fresh/re-issue), issue of police clearance certificates (PCC), deletion of emigration check required (ECR) status in passports without any change of personal particulars, seeking new booklets in case of exhaustion of visa pages and central/state government servants, their spouses and dependent minor children who have no objection certificate/identity certificate.The ministry's directive comes after it was found that there was a huge delay in the issuance of passports owing to the increase in demand. \"Though the police are supposed to submit their report after verifying the antecedents of the applicant within 21 days, this was not happening. Many police verification reports were incomplete, mostly because applicants had not submitted all the information,\" said a senior official. \"The Centre has taken several measures for speedy delivery of passports. We have simplified the procedure and made it more citizen-friendly. Several touts, who operated outside regional passport offices, now have little to offer to citizens,\" said the official.Several passport seva centres have also been introduced across the country. \"Our aim is to deliver all passport-related services to citizens in a timely, transparent, and reliable manner in a comfortable environment through streamlined processes,\" the official added. \"As many as 77 passport seva centres and a state-of-the-art multi-modal information and grievance handling system have been set up. We have also set up a central passport printing facility. Despite constraints, regional passport offices issued a record 74 lakh passports in 2011,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579343", "title": "2 more attacks over illegal liquor on Sunday night", "text": "NAGPUR: Murders and assault cases over illegal liquor seem to be on the rise in the city. After a murder on Saturday, Sunday night also saw two assault cases over liquor being reported to the police.At Imambada, 26-year-old Suraj Rakshel was assaulted by five youths for illegally selling liquor. According to the police, Rakshel owns an illegal liquor shop at Siraspeth. A few days ago, a group of youths had warned him to stop operating the shop.Rakshel had then threatened them and refused to shut his shop. On Sunday night, the youths assaulted him and his brother to try and force them to shut the shop. Rakshel and his brother are undergoing treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital. Police have registered a case of attempt to murder.In another incident at Hudkeshwar, two customers at a liquor shop at Chandrabagha Nagar robbed the shop owner of some cash and liquor when they were asked to pay the bill. Police have arrested Rajesh Ravidas and Ritesh Mate.In earlier incidents, on August 3, 45-year-old Anju Badel was killed for illegally selling liquor. A few youths had attacked him near his liquor shop at Bara signal at Imambada.On Saturday, Nagraj Gawander had been killed by his friends in a drunken brawl at Surendragarh under the jurisdiction of Gittikhadan police station. Police arrested two friends. Before the scuffle, Gawander and his friends had liquor in an illegal shop despite it being a dry day. The friends were under the influence of alcohol and entered into an argument over a trivial issue, which ended with Gavander's murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15576706", "title": "U19 World Cup: Boys in Blue win a thriller against Pakistan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian under-19 cricketers haven't quite enjoyed the dominance over Pakistan as their senior team has in World Cup matches. In fact, the Indian colts went into their quarterfinal clash against Pakistan in Townsville (Australia) on Monday with the dubious record of having lost five of their last six World Cup matches. After a bruising, nerve-jangling battle, the Boys in Blue walked out of the ground celebrating, having sealed a one-wicket victory to make the semifinals of the World Cup.The 10th wicket partnership of 10 runs between Harmeet Singh and Sandeep Sharma proved crucial in the low-scoring encounter as the Indians struggled to get past Pakistan's modest total of 136. They will now take on New Zealand, who also clinched a thrilling last-ball win against West Indies in the other quarterfinal of the day.Having narrowly missed out on victories in their last two encounters against Pakistan in the Asia Cup last month - losing one by one run and ending up with a tie in the final - the Indians did not want another one going down to the wire.It did not look that way as the Indians chased with comfort and were just 17 runs shy of victory with five wickets in hand and 86 balls to spare. With Baba Aparajith (51) and in-form wicketkeeper Smit Patel at the crease, no one would have then thought that the Indian innings would go into the 48th over.Things swung in Pakistan's favour as their pace attack pushed India on the back foot, snaring four wickets for just seven runs in the next four overs. With Pakistan sensing victory and their bowlers breathing fire, Harmeet and Sandeep showed tremendous temperament to did in deep and take their team home.Later, skipper Unmukt Chand put the win on destiny. \"The win came as a huge relief. It got too close for comfort. I was very nervous, I had goose bumps. This time I thought that luck had to go our way after the last two matches against Pakistan. I felt that we just couldn't lose this one,\" Unmukt told TOI from Townsville.India looked to have the upper hand right from Ball One of the match. After India lost the toss, paceman Sandeep Sharma struck big, dismissing Sami Aslam - who had scored centuries on both the Asia cup matches against India - and then Imam-ul-Haq in the first over of the innings. Skipper Babar Azam fought hard with a gritty half-century to prove that his decision to bat first was right, but Ravikant Singh's seam (3/43) tore apart the Pakistani batting and left them tottering at 98 for eight. Batting at No. 9, Ehsan Adil struck four lusty sixes to take the total to 136.As it often happens in low-scoring encounters, late cameos make a huge difference to the result of the game and Adil's 35 almost did that. \"We knew one of the batsmen would get going. 15-20 runs can be very crucial but we never thought that it would get so tight for us in the end,\" Unmukt conceded.Things could have been even uglier for India had Aparajith and Vijay Zol not put up a crucial 66-run partnership for the fourth wicket after they came together when the scorecard read 8 for three. The Indians were rocked by the searing pace of Adil and Zia-ul-Haq.Unmukt had no hesitation in conceding that batting needed a lot of work. \"Sandeep bowled well and Ravikant and Passi were equally good. Fielding was also top notch but our batting has to click. We need to work on our mental strength on these pitches which are good for pace bowling. These tracks are good to bat on once one gets off to a start. It's more about a mental thing than the pace and bounce in the pitches,\" the Indian skipper remarked.However, the players took their minds off serious talk and celebrated their hard-fought win. \"For now the coach has told us not to think about the semifinal against New Zealand. We will start discussing from Tuesday,\" Unmukt said.India play for a spot in the final on Wednesday.Brief scores:Pakistan 136 all out, 45.1 overs (Babar Azam 50, Ehsan Adil 35; Sandeep Sharma 3-24, Ravikant Singh 3-43) lost to India India 137 for nine, 48 overs (Baba Aparajith 51, Vijay Zol 36; Zia-ul-Haq 3-23, Azizullah 3-30, Ehsan Adil 2-25).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15584440", "title": "Higher education institutes in the city are all set to come to a halt", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Higher education institutes in the city are all set to come to a halt on August 25. University and College Teachers of Punjab have decided to launch agitation from August 25 to press for early release of arrears of UGC pay scales and other demands. Punjab Federation of University and College Teachers' Organisations (PFUCTO) has decided to cease work for 2 hours in universities and colleges of Punjab on Aug 25 and hold district level rallies throughout the state.Teachers of Panjab University, colleges of Chandigarh and PAU where full arrears have already been paid will bear black badges on August 25. However, all teachers will proceed on mass casual leave on Teachers' Day (September 5) and hold a rally at Chandigarh to highlight demands. In a statement HS Kingra and Jagwant Singh, President and General Secretary respectively of the Federation said that while 70 percent arrears of pay revision have been released to the state government employees, no money has been released for employees of GNDU, Panjabi University, Government colleges and aided colleges of Punjab.They said Government of India is willing to release its' 80 percent shares in 2-3 installments and has written to the state government in this regard. However, the money will be released by Central government as reimbursement. Therefore, Punjab government should immediately release 70% of the arrears and seek reimbursement of 80% amount from Government of India.Singh said that other demands of teachers include greater funding of higher education, filling up of vacant posts, better security of service and salaries for unaided staff and pension gratuity scheme for staff of aided colleges. He said that the number of vacancies in the university system are nearly 4000 and pension-gratuity scheme is hanging in fire for two decades. The lack of funding by the Government is causing serious problems for both universities and colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "15578998", "title": "Social Democratic Party of India activists attacked in Mammakunnu", "text": "KANNUR: Three activists of the Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) suffered stab injuries, two of them seriously, in an attack by a gang at Mammakunnu near Melur under the Dharmadom police station limits on Sunday night.According to the police, two of them, SDPI Dharmadom constituency unit president P T P Shamseer (35) and another activist K Sadath (31), have been admitted to a Mangalore hospital with serious injuries, while the third person, Nazeer (31), who is Shamseer's brother, has been admitted to a private hospital here.According to Nazeer's statement, they were attacked by a gang of eight people around 10pm on Sunday.Nazeer said when he was coming back from the Thalassery Cooperative Hospital after visiting a friend there a gang blocked him near the Che Guevara Club at Mammakunnu and threatened him. He said they were threatening all the motorbike riders coming their way. When Nazeer informed this to his bother Shamseer, who reached there along with Sadath, the gang brutally attacked all the three with swords and iron rods.SDPI alleged that the CPM was behind the attack. However, no one has been arrested so far, said police.Three activists of Social Democratic Party of India (SDPI) suffered stab injuries, two of them seriously, in an attack by a gang with weapons at Mammakunnu near Melur under Dharmadom police limits on Sunday night.According to the police, two of them, P T P Shamseer (35), SDPI Dharmadom constituency unit president and another activist K Sadath (31), are admitted in a Mangalore hospital with serious injuries, while the third one, Nazeer (31), who is Shamseer's brother, has been admitted in a private hospital here.According to Nazeer's statement, they were attacked by a gang of eight people around 10 p m on Sunday.Nazeer said when he was coming back from Thalassery Cooperative Hospital after visiting a friend there a gang blocked him near the Che Guevara at Mammakunnu and threatened him. He said they were threatening all the motorbike riders coming their way. When Nazeer informed this to his bother Shamseer, who reached there along with Sadath, the gang brutally attacked all the three with swords and iron rods.SDPI alleged that the CPM was behind the attack. However, no one has been arrested so far, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579789", "title": "35 house owners who failed to give information on tenants pulled up", "text": "PUNE: The Pune police have lodged complaints against 35 people for not submitting information about their tenants in Zone III limits.Shahji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (DCP), Zone III, said, \"The police have directed people who rent out their houses to submit the required information about their tenants to the police so that they can check up on their antecedents. But, in spite of repeated directives many have failed to do so. As a result the police have taken a decision to lodge complaints against such erring house owners.\"He added, \"The police have lodged complaints against 35 people in Zone III limits till now. Complaints have been lodged against 13 persons in Pimpri police station limits, four each in Nigdi and Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation (MIDC) police station limits, three in Bhosari police station limits and 11 persons in Chinchwad police station limits.\"He appealed house owners to submit the requisite information about their tenants at the earliest to avoid complaints being lodged against them.Pimpri, Chinchwad, Sangvi, Bhosari, MIDC, Nigdi, Hinjewadi and Khadki police stations come under Zone III limits. The police have intensified their work of checking lodges, cyber cafes, information about tenants and others to prevent any occurrence of untoward incidents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578091", "title": "Doctor fixes teen's rare chronic neck pain", "text": "MUMBAI: The excruciating pain in Mit Thakkar's neck, just below the skull, started four months ago. The Class VII student of St Aloysius School, Nalasopara, couldn't turn his head left without a sharp piercing sensation at the back of his neck.A doctor in Nalasopara, where Mit (13) resides, thought it was a minor problem until the pain became unbearable. A fortnight back, Mit underwent an MRI scan that clearly showed the cause of the pain: a bony growth or a lesion on one of the cervical vertebra. The cervical portion of the spine gives structure and stability to the neck.Orthopaedic surgeon Arvind Kulkarni, who treated Mit at Bombay Hospital, said that the condition is called Osteoid Osteoma. It occurs in 2-5 out of every 100 people, said spine surgeon Ram Chaddha from Lilavati Hospital, Bandra.If an ordinary surgery had opened that part of the neck, there would have been an ugly two-inch incision. Dr Kulkarni used a micro-endoscopic technique that requires only a small incision to pass an 18-mm tube.The two-hour surgery was conducted on Friday and Mit was discharged on Monday. The micro-endoscopy mode of surgery, said Kulkarni, is usually used for problems of lower back such as the slipped disc.\"The pain continued all through his summer vacation. We would give him pain killers but it would not subside,\" said Preeti Thakkar, Mit's mother. \"A doctor we consulted even bandaged the spot,\" she added.An acquaintance then referred the family Bombay Hospital.The boy is now raring to go back to school and play volleyball-a sport he loves. Mit has missed 15 days of school, but his mother is confident he will be on a par with his classmates in no time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582331", "title": "State gets heavy rains in last leg, 13% excess rainfall", "text": "BHOPAL: If you think Madhya Pradesh has had enough rains for one monsoon - here is the good news. The heavy rainfall that the state is presently experiencing is the last of the season. We have received 13% excess rainfall and it's just two more days away from bright sunny days, said Met department director D P Dubey .On Monday evening, Bhopal and adjoining areas received another spell of heavy showers. Some other districts in the western parts of the state also received heavy rainfall. \"This is a low pressure system. Right now it is over Jabalpur and Sagar divisions. It is moving towards Gwalior and Kota in Rajasthan,'' explained Dubey. \"We are likely to receive scattered rainfall in the north western districts while the western regions of Bhopal, Hoshangabad, Indore and Ujjain divisions will see some heavy showers in next 24 hours.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "15577043", "title": "Bo's wife gets suspended death penalty for murder", "text": "BEIJING: A Chinese court on Monday awarded suspended death sentence to ousted Communist Party leader Bo Xilai's wife, Gu Kailai, for killing a British businessman. The death sentence will be kept in abeyance for two years and reviewed later, the Hefei intermediate court said. Suspended death sentences, usually applied in high-profile cases, allow a convict to live pending future review of the case.A spokesman for the court said Gu had committed a \"despicable\" crime but got a lighter sentence because she had murdered Neil Heywood as she feared he would kill her son. \"Besides, she suffered from mental impairments, which weakened her self-control at the time of the crime.'' He said, at the same time, she had the ability to plan and carry out the poisoning of the Briton. Gu described the judgment as fair. Her associate, Zhang Xiaojun, was handed a nine-year jail sentence. Prosecutors described him as an accessory to the murder but not the prime mover. In a separate session, the court gave jail sentences to four police officers from Chongqing for covering up the murder.The court decision that followed a short eight-hour trial has led to speculation on whether Gu revealed hitherto unknown political secrets involving Bo, former Chongqing governor, to escape death penalty. Bo's one-time deputy and Chongqing's former police chief Wang Lijun is expected to go on trial soon. Wang triggered the scandal, which has rocked the Communist Party, when he took shelter in the US consulate in Chengdu after deserting Bo. He might be accused of encouraging police officers to destroy evidence against Gu, sources said.He is believed to have fled to the US consulate fearing reprisals from Bo after he tried to reopen the Heywood murder case. The police had initially declared that Heywood had died due to overdrinking. The fate of Bo, who has remained unseen in public past two months, remains unclear. The government has the choice of either prosecuting him for helping cover-up the murder or delay taking a decision before the next session of the Communist Party Congress in October or November. The Congress is expected to choose the country's next president and PM.The British embassy in Beijing welcomed the sentence. \"We welcome the fact that the Chinese authorities have investigated the death of Neil Heywood, and tried those they identified as responsible,\" it said in a statement. \"We consistently made clear to the Chinese authorities that we wanted to see the trials in this case conform to international human rights standards and for the death penalty not to be applied.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579590", "title": "Man, sons sent to judicial custody for thrashing cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Three men, including a father and his two sons, accused of beating up a Chandigarh cop on duty over car parking on Sunday evening were sent to judicial custody on Monday.The accused brothers -- Adarshdeep Singh, under-training deputy superintendent of police posted in Panchkula, and Gagandeep Singh, posted as district development panchayat officer in Kurukshetra - and their father Gurmeet Singh are residents of Sector 51 police society.\"Head constable Dilawar Singh had gone to a housing society in Sector 51 after receiving a complaint about a wrongly parked car. When he tried to convince Gagandeep to park his car properly, he called his father and brother and a quarrel ensued. They beat up Dilawar and tore his uniform,\" said Balbir Singh, investigating officer.An injured Dilawar was taken to a hospital and his medical report was presented before the duty magistrate.The accused were booked under sections 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty) and 34 (done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578097", "title": "Facilities at stations: SC notice to govts, DMRC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union and the city governments along with the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation have been asked by the Supreme Court to respond to a plea seeking provision of drinking water and toilet facilities at Metro stations.A bench of justices Deepak Verma and Ibrahim Kalifullah issued notices to the respondent on a petition by one Satish Kumar Sharma, an advocate through his counsel Atulesh Kumar against a Delhi High Court order which had dismissed the plea. While issuing the notices recently, the apex %court said the matter be tagged %with another petition filed %by an NGO which too %has complained of lack of various basic amenities in the metro service, a popular mode of transport in the NCR region.The petitioner submitted that since water and toilets are available at all airports and railway stations, those travelling by Metro cannot be deprived of similar facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578023", "title": "RTO may rope in IIT to rectify e-meter defects", "text": "MUMBAI: The possibility of roping in a reputed technical institute, like IIT, VJTI or any other prominent engineering college, to conduct a thorough check on autorickshaw e-meters and rectify the defects is being explored by the state transport department.Recently, the Wadala RTO had detected faults in four e-meter models. So far, more than 20,000 autos in the city have been fitted with the e-meters.According to sources, the transport department may issue show-cause notices to e-meter manufacturers and direct them to rectify the faults. \"We cannot take any chances. We plan to appoint a leading technical institute to conduct regular checks and also suggest ways to make e-meters tamper-proof,\" said a senior official, requesting anonymity.An RTO delegation will visit IIT and VJTI in the next few days and liaison with officials at the institutes in this connection, said sources. \"We will find out if they have the infrastructure and manpower to assist us in testing all the e-meters and making them tamper-proof.\"A few weeks ago, the transport commissioner's office had sent samples of 22 e-meters to Maharashtra Institute of Technology (MIT) in Pune for testing. The institute has not yet submitted its final report to the commissioner's office, sources said. \"We will not rely only on MIT's results. We will also appoint a reputed technical institute on a permanent basis,\" an official stated.Another official, who too did not wish to be named, said RTO officials will also approach some of the leading technical colleges in Vidarbha and Marathwada to incorporate more security features in the e-meters.Nearly a month ago, the RTO had exposed tampering of e-meters in the suburbs and had cancelled the permit of an auto owner, who was arrested from Jogeshwari. A mechanic was also arrested red-handed while trying to tamper with an e-meter at his Ghatkopar workshop. While the RTO has registered FIRs and drivers/mechanics have been arrested, the MMRTA will henceforth cancel permits of auto drivers caught for e-meter tampering, sources said.state transport department is exploring the possibility of appointing a reputed technical institute such as IIT, VJTI or any other prominent engineering college in the state to conduct a thorough check on all autorickshaw e-meters and rectify the defects.The move comes close on the heels of Wadala RTO finding faults with four models of e-meters recently. More than 20,000 autos in Mumbai have been fitted with the e-meters so far.Sources said that the transport department may issue showcause notices to the e-meter manufacturers and direct them to rectify the mistakes. \"But we cannot take any chances and plan to appoint a leading technical institute to conduct regular checks on the e-meters and also suggest ways to make it more tamper-proof,\" said a senior official, requesting anonymity.Sources said that a team from RTO will also liaison with the officials at IIT and VJTI in this connection in the next few days. \"We will find out if they have the infrastructure and manpower to assist us in testing all e-meters and making them foolproof.\" A delegation from RTO will also visit these institutions in the next few days, sources said.It may be recalled that a few weeks ago, the transport commissioner's office had sent samples of 22 e-meters to Maharashtra Institute of Technology (MIT) in Pune for testing. The MIT has still not submitted its final report to the commissioner's office, sources said. \"We will not just depend on MIT results and will appoint a reputed technical institute on a permanent basis,\" an official stated.Another official, who too did not wish to be named, said that RTO officials will also approach some of the leading technical colleges in Vidarbha and Marathwada in a bid to incorporate more security features in the e-meters.About a month back, the Mumbai RTO had exposed the tampering of e-meters in the suburbs and cancelled the permit of an auto owner caught in Jogeshwari. The officials also caught a meter mechanic red-handed while tampering an electronic gadget at his workshop in Ghatkopar. While FIRs were registered at the police station and auto drivers/mechanics were arrested, the MMRTA will henceforth cancel permits of any auto driver caught for meter tampering, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578245", "title": "Chandivli woman tests positive for H1N1", "text": "MUMBAI: A 33-year-old woman from Chandivli tested positive for the H1N1 influenza virus on Monday, taking the toll of positive cases to 71 for August. So far, 284 cases of H1N1 have been reported in 2012 and there were two confirmed deaths. The patient was started with Tamiflu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578068", "title": "After 14 yrs, Aamir celebrates at home", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Mohammad Aamir Khan woke up on Monday morning, there was a song in his heart. \"It is my first Eid at home after 14 long years. I have dreamt of this day for years,\" he rejoiced.His excitement was palpable as went about cleaning his one-room house. After all, he was spending the festival with his family after languishing in jail for a long time, fighting the tag of a 'terrorist'.After getting things in order, he gently woke up his ammi, taking great care in dressing her in the new salwar kameez he had bought her. The pampering didn't end here. He treated her to a wholesome breakfast consisting of omelette, tea, bread and butter. \"I know exactly what to do because I have imagined it for years,\" he laughed, before hurrying off to Idgah in Jhandewalan to offer his Eid namaaz in the morning.On his way back home, he stopped to buy two slender metal bangles for his ammi. \"These are made of artificial metal. But if allah wants, I will have enough means one day to buy her real gold bangles. That is my hope,\" he said with a smile.At home he was joined by his elder sister and her four children. Coming from her home in Chandni Chowk, she had brought biryani, sheer khurma, sweets and fruit. Her children clamoured around uncle Aamir for their eidi. Overwhelmed, Aamir smiled as he looked at the scene around him. His ammi could be seen nodding away, slightly disoriented \u2014 it has been a while since she has been surrounded by family.Through the day, some neighbours dropped in to offer Eid greetings. While not everyone in the locality has welcomed Aamir with open arms, they stopped to smile politely, with some going one step ahead and giving him the customary warm embrace. For now, this much is enough, said Aamir. As he offered us special masala kachori and sevaiyan, a look of contentment and ease settled on his face.For the 32-year-old, life finally seems to be returning to normalcy. He has applied for admission in undergraduate studies in political science and sociology from IGNOU, has a steady job at NGO Anhad, and is writing a book on his life ever since he was picked up by cops under allegations of being a terrorist. Six months ago, a mobile phone was a mystery to him. Today, he's active on Facebook and email. \"The outside world is exciting,\" he said, with a sparkle in his eyes.However, the best was yet to come. Taking us shyly to a corner, he proclaimed, \"My marriage has been fixed. She's an English graduate from Delhi University, and teaches girls in a community school in Walled City, encouraging them to continue their education. I am very lucky.\" The date has been fixed for later this year, and preparations are already underway. \"There is much to do \u2014 wedding cards have to be printed, venue has to be fixed \u2014 this has really been a blessed Eid. I have a lot to be thankful for,\" he murmured, looking off at the distance.As we got up to leave, Aamir helped his mother rest against the wall. The crack in the wall that had come up as the family fought the legal battle to free Aamir was hard to miss. However, it has been roughly plastered; the room marginally repaired. Perhaps, the real wounds will heal soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577792", "title": "Cops planning narco test on Vijay Palande, aide", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch of Mumbai police will conduct a narco-analysis test on gangster Vijay Palande and his aide Dhananjay Shinde to find out the identity of a murdered victim. The medical report of the skull recovered from Kumbharli ghat near Chiplun, which the police recently received, stated that the man was around 25 years old.Palande, along with Shinde, had killed aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar on March 5 at his Oberoi Springs flat in Andheri (W). They chopped his body into pieces and dumped the parts at Kumbharli ghat. The police later recovered the torso and skull from the spot. Forensic test revealed that while the torso is Kakkar's, the skull belongs to someone else.The two accused are not revealing who the victim was and insisting that the skull belongs to Kakkar. A senior crime branch officer said, \"We are considering a narco test on the duo to get clues in the case.\"To conduct the narco test, the police have to take consent of the accused. A source said Palande and Shinde probably will not oppose the police decision and agree to undergo the narco test.Last week, the crime branch had taken Palande and Shinde in custody in connection with the third murder case. On Monday, they produced them before the court and their custody has been further extended till August 24 in the case.An officer said it is not easy to get the two hardcore criminals to reveal all about the cases.The accused had avoided police action in the Kakkar case for more than a month till they got exposed in the second murder case. On April 7, Palande instructed Shinde and his other aide, Manoj Gajkosh, to kill Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku at his Oshiwara flat. But they were exposed when a society resident saw them committing the crime. The police managed to arrest the duo along with Palande and his wife Simran Sood in the Tikku murder case.Cops said they have to establish the victim's identity to build a strong case against the accused. Meanwhile, the crime branch unit IX have called model-actress Rozyln Khan, who was known to Kakkar, for questioning on Tuesday.(Inputs by Bharati Dubey)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "15579235", "title": "Feasting after fast starts with much pomp and show", "text": "COIMBATORE: Heavy traffic and pedestrian movement were witnessed outside the city mosques as people thronged shrines to break their month long fast to mark Eid on Monday morning.After the special prayer session and the brief sermon conducted by the head priests of these shrines Eid greetings were exchanged and feasts were organised at Muslim households in the city. Well-known city mosques include Athar Jamath Mosque on Oppanakara Street, Ahle Sunnath Jamath Mosque on Mettupalayam Road and at Ayesha Mahal on Palakkad Main Road.\"Hundreds of people had gathered at Uppilipalayam mosque to attend the morning prayer,\" said Haji A Nazardeen, Secretary, Coimbatore Hilal Committee.Muslim dominated areas near Ukkadam, Saramedu, Karimbukkadai were decked with lights to mark the occasion from late Sunday night itself. Special sermons were delivered at the mosques along with prayers to ensure world peace and peaceful resolution of the crisis in the North Eastern.Over 20,000 people attended prayer meetings in 108 mosques in Coimbatore. The oldest mosque, Athar Jamath had over 2000 believers attending the special Eid prayers. Eid pleasantries were exchanged and sweets were distributed at some of the mosques.\"We celebrated Eid with our family and close friends at home by distributing sweets and organising a feast of traditional Biriyani after attending the morning prayer,\" said Mansoor Ahamed, a city based environmentalist.However, the curb imposed on sending messages till August 31 by telecom operators as per the orders of the government took the sheen away from sending Eid greetings over the cell phone. Only five messages are allowed per day and many people were not able to reply to the text greetings they received wishing them Happy Eid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15582798", "title": "Special team to probe Idukki land grab", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Taking note of TOI report, the revenue department has decided to form a special team to investigate the massive encroachment in Idukki.Reacting to the expose on encroachment of 344.50 acres of revenue land by an individual at Kadavari in Idukki, revenue minister Adoor Prakash said that the department will immediately probe the issue. \"A special team will investigate the findings of the state intelligence,\" he said.Strong action will be initiated against revenue officials if their connivance is proved. \"We will ask the special team to submit its report as fast as they can. Immediate action will be initiated,\" he said.The massive encroachment along the inter-state borders in Idukki, with the alleged connivance of local revenue officials, that was reported by the state intelligence is an example of how Tamil settlers in the area are used for fraudulent land deals.Additional director general of police T P Senkumar, in a letter this month, had asked the home department to take action against Maijo Joseph, who encroached 344.5 acres in Kadavari.The home department had forwarded the report to the revenue department for follow-up action.\"Precious government land has been grabbed by using Tamil Nadu natives in the area, and under the guise of a fictitious development master plan. Many individuals have been cheated. A fraud of such a scale is impossible without the help of revenue officials,\" the letter said.The intelligence had earlier warned the state government against distributing free land among 'landless' Tamil plantation workers saying that it is actually boosting antistate sentiments. Another report sent on July 17 had pointed out that those who had earlier availed land under the scheme for giving free land for the landless, had sold them and were applying again.Though the intelligence has submitted many reports on this sensitive issue, precious little was done by the government to prevent a repeat of land-grab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576675", "title": "Import duty on gold burns NRI pockets", "text": "HYDERABAD: Scores of Hyderabadis returning home from the Middle East this festive season with gold jewellery were in for a rude shock when asked to cough up huge import duties on their shopping at the airport. Gold jewellery is now subject to a flat 10 per cent import duty, catching many travellers unaware.Duty rates on gold were revised in the 2012-13 budget. While the government does not control gold prices, the duty was earlier fixed at Rs 750 per 10 grams plus a three per cent education cess. But from this year, the government has fixed the price of gold in dollar terms for the sake of duty collection alone and has been revising rates on a monthly or fortnightly basis.What has also irked many NRIs is that the website of the custom's department does not give any of these crucial details. Officials downplay the issue by saying that notifications are pasted at airports and the website would be updated soon.The current rate (subject to daily market changes) of gold is USD 527 per 10 grams which will determine the value of the purchase imported. The import duty is four per cent (on the value and not weight) on gold with serial number while it is flat 10 per cent of the value on gold without serial numbers. Ornaments fall under the latter category. While men are allowed to bring in duty free gold worth Rs 10,000, for women the limit is Rs 20,000. The maximum permissible weight of gold that can be imported has been reduced to 1 kg from 10 kgs.Amir Ali Khan, who has his family in Hussaini Alam, is in the city for his wedding. \"I purchased two gold ornaments weighing 10 tolas and had to pay a total duty of Rs 32,000. I purchased these ornaments for my fiancee but was not aware of the changes in the duty,\" he said.Customs officials at Shamshabad Airport said that the move is aimed to discourage people from importing gold. \"After adding customs duty and education cess, the total amount paid is meant to exceed the cost of gold purchase within the country. Also a weakening rupee in the current situation will only push up the total cost of gold imported,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15582722", "title": "The division plays a divisive game", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For those Keralites who believe that a 'particular lobby' is working overtime to shoot down Kerala's railway projects by diverting funds and stalling infrastructure development, here's a reality check.Despite allocation of funds, the Thiruvananthapuram Railway Division has completely failed to address passenger demands in 22 major and minor stations on the Kanyakumari route over the last several years.All these stations are facing issues such as lack of food stalls, drinking water, toilets, properly laid platforms, waiting sheds, foot overbridges, signages and even facilities for announcing the arrival and departure of trains. Regular passengers from these areas have alleged that the division was diverting funds allotted for them to stations in Kerala.According to passengers, the division has been stonewalling development at these stations pointing to the absence of traffic.\"Take for instance, the Kulithurai station, for which Rs 42 lakh was sanctioned for extending the platform shelter in 2009-10. The Thiruvananthapuram division never released the fund and the station used by over 500 commuters daily still lacks toilet and drinking water facilities. The sad part is Kulithurai is a Grade B station like Changanassery, Varkala and Guruvayar. But hardly any effort has been made to set up any passenger amenities,\" said P Edward Jeni, secretary of the Kanyakumari District Railway User's Association (KKDRUA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578131", "title": "Graft flourishing in defence canteen stores: Official", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defense personnel standing guard at the country's border deserve the best. But not everyone appears to agree. The canteen stores department (CSD) run by the defence ministry could be embroiled in gross irregularities in procurement of material that could compromise the health of the armed forces.Describing CSD as a \"labyrinth of corruption\" the controller of defense accounts and integrated financial advisor (principal controller) Savitur Prasad has called the procurement system in CSD as \"highly opaque, discretionary and providing a high degree of arbitrariness\". Through a series of communications the financial advisor has highlighted that procurement and financial norms are being flouted to provide poor quality products to the armed forces. The letters have been accessed through an RTI in response to an application filed by activist Subhash Agrawal.CSD is the largest supplier of consumer goods and edible products, notably alcohol, for serving and retired defense personnel and their families across the country. The government purchases Rs 10,000 crore worth of material every year and runs about 3,500 units of canteen stores and shops with various military units attached to CSD.The communication comes to light at a time when the defense establishment is reeling under the impact of last month's CBI raids at its stores in Himachal Pradesh, Haryana and Chandigarh following allegations of irregularities in purchases and distribution.Prasad in a letter dated May 16 has brought to the attention of the defense ministry, including defense secretary, that of the 600 firms supplying more than 4,000 items to CSD almost 200-300 firms do not have established credentials in the market. The letter lists over 80 companies that are little known in the Indian market but supply their products to the armed forces.He also points at a system of \"introducing\" items and then deleting them arbitrarily from the system. In the letter he says, \"more number of items have been introduced and deleted than the total number of days available in the last three years.\" According to the data available, 1,844 items have been introduced in the last three years, while 1,288 have been deleted hinting at irregularities in including and excluding products eligible for procurement arbitrarily.The letter also indicates that a rule that allows the procurement board to disqualify any firm if it makes sales lower than 2% of its value and volume makes it vulnerable for deletion from the eligible list has been misused.The executive and financial powers exercised by the CSD unit's general manager in placing orders under the category of special and supplementary orders, \"reflects mockery of transparency in procurement process\" because the orders are made without approval from financial authorities. This, according to Prasad, is in violation of government orders and guidelines issued by CVC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15586377", "title": "Mira set to revive Shantaram, may rope in Depp, Big B", "text": "With the Big B too showing renewed interest, the filmmaker may start shooting Gregory David Roberts' 2003 bestseller soon...Mira Nair's once aborted plans to shoot Gregory David Roberts' 2003 bestseller Shantaram may finally take off. If all goes well, the filmmaker will plunge into the project next year after the release of her film, The Reluctant Fundamentalist .The epic about a convict on the run who hides in Mumbai's chawls, most likely to be portrayed by Johnny Depp, got stymied in 2007, when the Writers' Guild of America went on a strike. And so did Nair's dream of working with the Big B, who on his part, stoically maintained what isn't meant to happen won't happen. Besides, he wasn't kicked about going international for the longest time, till Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby happened.A source close to the mega star said, \"Baz Luhrmann's The Great Gatsby , which he shot earlier this year, changed the Big B's perception of how the West sees Indian actors. To his surprise, he was not only accorded the highest degree of attention and respect but also ensured prominent billing in the credits and publicity in the posters, etc. The Big B is no longer skeptical of international projects.\"Not surprisingly, during her last visit to Mumbai, Nair was seen visiting the Big B's Janak bungalow more than once, and with good reason.A source close to the filmmaker said, \"Mira has not stopped dreaming of making Shantaram. It is very close to her heart. When it was temporarily aborted, she was heartbroken. Now with the Big B showing interest, she is all set to revive the project.\"When contacted, Nair did not rule out the possibility of Shantaram being revived but refused to divulge any details. About working with the Big B, she said, \"By sheer chance, he was there for the first screening of Namesake in Mumbai. He was overwhelming in Black and Sarkar . The best part is he loves to act. He still enjoys the process. I can still close my eyes and see Mr Bachchan and Johnny Depp together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15579624", "title": "Shadab Jakati eyes Champions League return", "text": "PANAJI: The future of a spinner is in his own hands, or rather, fingers.Shadab Jakati had reason to fear the worst when his bowling finger snapped during last year's Champions League T20 cricket and worsened after the Indian Premier League (IPL). But timely intervention, excellent care and possibly perfect surgery at the hands of the world's best finger surgeon in Australia has helped the Chennai Super Kings (CSK) allrounder breathe easy.\"My middle finger was badly damaged. There was major damage to the cartilage and the worst thing was that it was my bowling finger,\" Jakati told TOI on his return to Goa from Melbourne on Sunday.Jakati first experienced pain during last year's Champions League. He believed it was a minor irritant until the pain re-occurred during the IPL. Close examination from CSK's Australian physio, Tommy Simsek, suggested an expert hand and, when Jakati was examined in Melbourne by Greg Hoy - whose clients include Ricky Ponting , Harbhajan Singh and Ashish Nehra -- it was discovered that there was \"gross destruction of cartilage.\"\"I was experiencing pain during the IPL but since it was a question of just four overs, I was ok with it. But bowling long spells would have been difficult so we decided it was best to go for surgery ,\" said Jakati.Jakati spent three weeks in Melbourne but it will be another six weeks before Jakati can get back into the field - for training that is.\"In four weeks, I will be able to do free mobilization exercises and it will be another two weeks before I start bowling again. I should be ready for cricket in October,\" said Jakati, whose medical bill was picked up by CSK.Despite Jakati's understandable eagerness to start bowling again, the CSK allrounder may have to give the Champions League a miss. The T20 tournament will be held in South Africa from October 9 to 28 and it is unlikely that Jakati will win his battle against fitness.\"I think it's 50-50 at the moment,\" he said. Jakati, though, is more eager to regain full fitness at least by late October, just in time for the Ranji Trophy season. Goa start their campaign in the Ranji Trophy early November and the star cricketer does not want to give any of the eight matches a miss.All of Goa, and Chennai, should be waiting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15583065", "title": "'Ludhiana's putoff for global clients", "text": "LUDHIANA: Ludhiana's big brands have put it on the international map and industrialists have often done business with traders in US, UK, Germany, Australia, Sweden and Japan. But there have been cases when traders have lost their business after their international clients saw the dismal condition of the industrial town.\"We promise world-class business from Ludhiana and are doing every possible bit to live up to this. But poor infrastructure, broken roads and shabby surroundings have marred our prospects. My German clients had come to visit our workshop last year and it was our last dealing with them. But they were really put off on seeing the ill-maintained roads here,\" said Raman Pandit, who manufactures printer components at Focal Point.Jarnail Deol, another trader based in Industrial Area for the last 30 years, told TOI, \"Good roads are a sign of development in any region. Whenever our international clients come to us, these roads give a very bad impression. Though we are maintaining swanky offices and world-class infrastructure inside our campuses, this isn't enough.\"There are instances where some traders have moved to Himachal Pradesh and Haryana after getting negative feedback from their overseas clients.\"If our clients have not visited this area then things go smooth but once they see these roads, it becomes difficult to convince them that their orders would be delivered in time. It sets a bad example. Ludhiana is doing business worth crores of rupees amid such bad roads. This is a matter of real concern of each trader here,\" said Ashok Goyal, a businessman in Focal Point.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15577728", "title": "Fashion designer\u2019s body recovered", "text": "The Lonavla city police on Monday afternoon recovered the body of Thane-based fashion designer Rixon D'Souza who drowned in the waters of Tungarli dam on Sunday afternoon. D'Souza and his friend had gone to Lonavla for picnic. D'Souza, after entering the water, got out of breath and drowned, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15584521", "title": "Indians undergo strenuous net session", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Indian cricket team continued with its strenuous training session on Tuesday ahead of the first Test against New Zealand, starting on Thursday.The Indian team, which has been practicing intensely since the last few days for the two-match Test series to be played in Hyderabad and Bangalore, had rigorous batting, bowling and catching sessions on Tuesday as well, at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium.Sachin Tendulkar had a long batting stint at the nets, preparing for his first international match after the Asia Cup in Bangladesh early this year.Other top-order batsmen -- Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli -- followed suit for batting practice.Pacers Ishant Sharma and Umesh Yadav sent down some express deliveries to rattle the batsmen, while the spinners Pragyan Ojha and Ravichandran Ashwin also bowled in tandem.Captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni had a long wicket-keeping session.While the Indians had their net session in the morning, the Kiwis began their practice in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "15578768", "title": "Baby dumped in drain, cops suspect abduction", "text": "HOWRAH: A day after a year-old infant was found in a drain in Liluah, Howrah city police have started a man hunt to identify the parents of the child.After preliminary probe, police suspect that either a family feud had led the child's parents or others to abandon him, or he was abducted and later dumped at the spot. \"These are the two possibilities why the child might have been abandoned,\" said an investigating official on Monday. The child was dumped in a shadowy and lonely vicinity. An enmity among the members of his family or with neighbours may have led to the act. \"Therefore we have reasons to believe that the boy was dumped in a pre-planned manner. We have alerted all the nearby police stations to find out if anyone has lodged a missing diary,\" the official added.Gun Bahadur, a security guard working in a factory in the vicinity, was the only one to see a man and woman fleeing the spot on a bicycle as the child kept crying out loud. He rushed to the spot and fished out the child from the drainage system. Later, he handed the boy over to police officials from Bali police station.A case was lodged by Gun Bahadur who has pleaded with police officials to allow him to adopt the child. The infant was taken to TL Jaiswal hospital on Sunday night. The superintendent Aparesh Banerjee said that the child is suffering from cough and cold and has been kept under medical observation.DC Headquarters Nishat Parvez said, \"A probe is on and we are trying to trace the whereabouts of the child.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579553", "title": "Boy falls into open pit; critical", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Barely two months after the Mahi tragedy near Manesar, Gurgaon, Sumit, 12, fell into a 20-feet deep uncovered pit at an under-construction water booster plant adjoining Shivalik Public Park in Manimajra on Monday.Though Sumit was pulled out after a struggle of 20 minutes by local residents, he suffered injuries and has been admitted to PGI in a critical condition. Sumit, a class VII student of Government High School, Manimajra, lives in Shastri Nagar near Shivalik park. The incident took place at 10am when Sumit was flying a kite from the roof of the plant in the park and accidently fell into the uncovered 20 feet deep ditch. Passersby and local residents came to know about the incident, only when Sumit's friends raised an alarm and rushed to help. When the incident happened no attendant was there at the water boosting plant and municipal corporation officials only came to know about it through local police personnel.Three more similar open spaces in the water boosting plant were covered, while one was lying uncovered.Ashok Yadav, one of the local residents who helped in the rescue operation said, \"We arranged a staircase for bringing the child out of the ditch and it took around 25 minutes to get him out. The ditch was lying exposed but it's difficult to notice it while standing on the roof of the plant.\"Naresh Kumar, father of the injured, who is an auto driver, said, \"Negligence on the part of municipal corporation was the reason behind the accident and the administration should take necessary action against the people responsible for it.\" An MC official said the floor of the 20-feet deep ditch, in which the child fell, is concrete and the machinery is yet to be installed there. Injured Sumit was rushed to Civil Hospital, Manimajra, from where he was taken to General Hospital, Sector 6. But doctors there referred him to PGI due to his critical condition.The SHO of the Manimajra police station, inspector Yashpal Vinayak, said contractor Kulbir Singh, who was given the contract for constructing the plant, is not in Chandigarh, while adding that a DDR has been registered in this regard.Executive magistrate Inder Pal Singh along with area councillor Gurcharan Singh Kala visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577949", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to send out final property tax bills in September", "text": "MUMBAI: The final property tax bill is going to reach your doorsteps in September. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) claims that it has completed the billing process and is currently working on the refunds. The BMC is in the process of computerizing the property tax collection system and is planning to use it to dispatch refund cheques.TOI on July 14 had reported that property owners will receive their bills in September.The final property tax bill has been calculated according to the newly-implemented capital value-based system that was approved in June.Joint municipal commissioner S S Shinde told TOI, \"We are optimistic of sending out the bills by September and are working even during holidays to ensure that we do not miss our target. Inputs from all departments are coming in and we are incorporating all major suggestions.\"Departing from the earlier system of general tax coding (single ledger code), the BMC is using property-wise coding this time. \"This system will help in better accounting,\" added Shinde.The bills, however, spell bad news for owners of buildings, both residential and office complexes, which have come up after 2010 as they will have to pay property tax arrears from April 2010 in this financial year. For older buildings which have been receiving provisional bills, the final bill will be adjusted to reflect the outstanding or refund amount calculated according to the new system.Along with the final property tax bill, property owners will also receive a special notice that will reflect the property's capital value. Citizens will get 21 days to raise objections, if any, on the bill.The civic body is also working on incentives to lure citizens to pay the bills on time. For instance, if the bills are paid before June 30 next year, you can get a rebate of 2% to 4%. A penalty would be imposed for late payment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579164", "title": "Arun Jaitley lets off BJP steam on gas", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat government will reduce gas prices by 30% with immediate effect if the Centre allocates natural gas to the state at the prices it does to Delhi and Mumbai. This was announced by junior energy minister Saurabh Patel and leader of opposition in RS Arun Jaitely at a hurriedly called press conference on Monday.Patel said that 95% of gas allocated by the central government goes to big industries. APM gas is allocated at $ 4.20 per Million Metric British Thermal Units (MMBTU), PPL RLNG at $ 9.14/MMBTU. But he said Gujarat has to buy its additional requirement at $ 16.36/MMBTU.Patel said the Centre should allocate gas to Gujarat at $ 4.20/MMBTU in accordance with Gujarat high court's directive, instead of appealing to the apex court. Jaitley said that the Centre continued its prejudice against Gujarat despite repeated representation by the state.The duo was reacting to Sunday's statement of Union minister of state for petroleum R P N Singh. \"Empowered Group of Ministers frame policies at the Centre on the basis of which gas is allotted to public sector entrprises, refineries and industries,\" Jaitley said. \"But we have never raised any objection on this count. But consumers in Gujarat do not get the gas at the same prices as their counterparts in Delhi and Mumbai. We oppose this injustice. In fact, the Union minister's visit to Gujarat was to mislead the people.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583571", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of woman", "text": "INDORE: A young woman, who was reportedly into a live-in relationship, reportedly died under suspicious circumstances in Khajrana area here on Sunday night.This is the third case of live-in relationship that surfaced in the past last fifteen days around.The deceased has been identified as Anita Bhargva (name changed), 22. She was living with one Amit Gupta in a flat in Alok Nagar, police said. The area comes under the jurisdiction of Khajrana police.Both Amit and Anita were from Chhatarpur district. Anita was working with an insurance company and Amit runs a business. Both were unmarried. Quoting Amit, investigating officer (IO) R P Singh said the girl came to live together barely a week ago.Amit had told police that he took Anita for shopping in the afternoon and left her in the market. She returned at 7 in the evening. While showing the purchased goods, she complained of vomiting. Amit and his friend Gurucharan Singh both tried to give her primary treatment, but her condition deteriorated. The two called 108 emergency service ambulance. By the time the vehicle came, she died.Singh told that police sent the body to the MY Hospital for autopsy. He told her parents have been informed about the incident and they are supposed to come soon. They can inform about the relation between Amit and Anita.Earlier, two cases of live-in-relationship came to light when female partners lodged complaints to the police against their male partners. The first case was reported to the Vijay Nagar police in which victim Naina (name changed) who resides in MR 9 in Malviya Nagar, had lodged a complaint naming Durga Shankar alias Bunti alias Sanjay, the son of Ram Sahay, for allegedly raping her.The accused is from Shivpur. After reading news, another woman lodged an FIR against male partner, who was allegedly refused to recognize her after living together for a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "15584343", "title": "Dengue reported in Arunachal district", "text": "Itanagar: Outbreak of dengue has been reported from Pasighat in East Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh. A drastic rise in the number of fever cases in the area prompted the district hospital authority to collect blood samples and send them for tests.Four out of 118 blood samples collected from the denizens of the district headquarters and nearby areas were confirmed as affected by dengue by the Dibrugarh ( Assam )-based ICMR, while 40 samples showed infection by scrub typhus, sources said on Monday.Dengue is a viral infection transmitted by Aedes Acsypt mosquito bite. The mosquito breeds in dirty water pools. The only way to prevent the increase of these mosquitoes is individual and community action to contain their population and proper water management.Scrub typhus is caused by rickettsia parasites and transmitted by mites in rodents. It can be prevented by treating ground and vegetation with residual insecticides to reduce rodent population.The health department carried out fogging in and around the township on Saturday last, sources informed. The health authorities have asked people not to panic, but rather ensure that there are no stagnant water pools in their neighborhood.A team of entomologists from the Naharlagun-based health services directorate started working on tracing the cause of the fever cases, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "15579517", "title": "Tension after police, villagers clash", "text": "WARDHA: A riot between the police and villagers sparked tension at Faridapur in Samudrapur tehsil.On Saturday, police raided Kisna Dhadse's home on the suspicion that he had stored liquor illegally for the festival of Pola. Villagers say that although the police didn't recover anything at his home, Dhadse was carried off in the police van. When Dhadse's son Rajkumar (26) opposed the police action, the police allegedly stared beating him and dragged him to Girad police station. Rajkumar was admitted to Samudrapur hospital. On Monday, he was referred to Wardha civil hospital with a fracture in his right leg.The villagers later approached the police station and asked why the officers as to why they had arrested the Dhadses when there was no offence against them. But the police also threatened the villagers and started beating them. The villagers retaliated and attacked the police.PI M Fusate said that three constables were injured in the ruckus. The police arrested nine persons who were sent to police custody until August 22.The villagers claimed that PI M Fusate always created trouble for the villagers. Superintendent of police Avinash Kumar did not answer his phone while deputy SP Deshmukh shifted the buck to PI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15576385", "title": "Toddler slips, falls to death from third floor balcony", "text": "BANGALORE: 'Aunty, Poorvaj fell down,' screamed said five-year-old Satya Kaushik from the balcony of his third floor apartment.Twenty-two-month-old Poorvaj and his mother G Lakshmamma were visiting their neighbour K Sapna's flat opposite theirs on the third floor of the five-storey Chaithrashree Residence apartmentc complex on Bilekahalli Main Road, off Bannerghatta Road on Monday afternoon.Lakshmamma rushed to the balcony only see her toddler son lying with his face down on the stone slab outside the main gate of the apartment. Lakshmamma rushed down, with Sapna and in tow.The housewife put her son into a neighbour's car and drove to Fortis hospital, about 3 km from apartment. Poorvaj battled for life in vain. Around 3.30 pm, about three hours after the accident, doctors declared the child dead.Poorvaj's father, Girish Babu, was not at home at the time of the accident. Girish works as a software engineer with Honeywell on Bannerghatta Road. Hailing from Kurnool in Andhra Pradesh , Girish and Lakshmamma had shifted to Chaitrashree apartment in 2010.Lakshmamma went to Sapna's flat around 12.30 pm. The two housewives sat down in the hall for a chat, as their children, Poorvaj and Satya headed to the balcony. Within minutes, Satya yelled about the accident to the two women. Channabasappa Hanumanna, security guard of the apartment, told TOI that he heard a loud thud followed by screams of Sapna and Lakshmamma.\"I was sitting near the gate when I heard the sound and saw the boy lying down. Before I could reach him, the two women came down and took the boy to hospital. The boy was not moving and blood was oozing out of his mouth and ears.\" Channabasappa said.Police suspect that the child might have fell after getting through the balcony railings. The horizontal railings had ample space for a child to slip through, they said. But they did not rule out the chance of the kid climbing over the balcony and falling down.Deputy commissioner of police (south-east) PS Harsha said that the child fell down from a height of at least 30 feet. \"He directly hit the rough stone slab laid in front of the main gate and sustained grievous head injuries,\" Harsha said.First such tragedy in 2012Poorvaj's is the first instance of a child or an adult falling from the balcony of upper floors with fatal consequences in 2012. The last year witnessed six such gruesome accidents.Jan 8, 2011 Prajit Banerjee was so engrossed in a telephone conversation that he tripped over his seventh floor apartment's balcony railings and fell to his death on Bannerghatta Road. He was waiting for prospective buyers for his home when the accident happened.April 11, 2011: Nayana Manoj (1) was playing with a cup and pen, when the cup went diving down the balcony. The little girl peeped through the gap between the railings of the balcony of her second-floor home in Srinivasa Nagar, keeled over, hit the ground and died.April 28, 2011: Shalini M, 16, fell from the terrace of a two-storey building opposite her house and died. She was playing with her friends when the accident happened.July 25, 2011: Eighteen-month-old Arman Kashyap died after he wriggled out of his mother's arms while she was feeding him near the open window of the passage in their house on the 9th floor of Adarsh Rhythm in JP Nagar. The toddler hit the roof of the porch below and was killed.Aug 2, 2011: A two-year-old boy fell from the 3rd floor of his house at Shamanna Garden, Byatarayanapura. Mohammed Noor had climbed up to the 3rd floor through a grill gate on the 2nd floor. He was trying to climb on to the parapet wall when he slipped and fell.September 24, 2011 Two-year-old Vandana C succumbed to her injuries after she fell from the balcony of her house in Vijayanagar. She was playing near the balcony railings and fell while collecting her toys.What the law saysBBMP has specifications on the width of the balcony from second floor onwards (1.1 metres on the first floor and 1.7 metres or one-third of the setback whichever is lesser). But it is silent on the height of the balcony parapet walls or the permitted gap between railings used.But the national building code for apartments in India suggest that every slab or balcony overlooking any exterior or interior open space which are 2 meters or more below shall be provided with parapet walls or guard rails of height not less than 1.20 meters. Building norms say that the railings should have a gap of not more than 15 cm between them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583685", "title": "No flight of fancy for this bird lover", "text": "INDORE: \"I am a nature lover and paint various species of Indian birds to express my love and concern for nature\" says Arun Kher, HoD botany, Holkar Science College.Kher paints birds. But his are no usual paintings as he paints on egg shells. \"I use poultry egg shells for my work. I collect used egg shells at my home. My family, friends and students too contribute to my effort.\" Kher (58) said, \"I started to paint in 1992. Back then, I was posted in Damoh, and used to go for bird watching. I had painted 175 egg shells there.\"Attributing his passion to his grandfather, he says, \"I believe it is a gift from my grandfather. He was an artist and we used to see him work hard when we were young,\" says Kher who has never formally learnt to paint or draw.Till now, Kher has painted about 650 shells each portraying a different bird. \"When I paint a bird I also try to specify its details along with the painting. It helps the viewer identify the bird,\" he says. In 2009, Kher also secured a place in the Limca Book of World Records. \"I had painted 600 egg shells back then in 2009.\" Kher paints on a regular basis and sometimes completes a painting in mere 30 minutes \"I plan to paint all the birds of Indian species, a total of 1,240 birds. However, my paintings are secondary. My major concern has always been nature conservation.\"He has been conducting several exhibitions too around the country to spread the message of nature conservation. \"It is upsetting to see the way we treat nature. The forests are depleting and many species are at the verge of extinction. The Indian sparrow, which was a common sight some time back, has become a rarity now,\" says Kher who is currently painting a Forest Wag Tail on an egg shell.It is the environment that concerns Kher the most. \"The birds and animals can do without humans but we need them to survive.\" Vultures, Red Crest Pochard, Pintail Ducks, Flamingos are all among the endangered birds and should be a matter of concern for us. Along with being exceptional, Kher's method of painting is very inexpensive. \"I only use sketch pens and pencils to draw and colour my work.\"\"My family contribute a lot towards my art. In fact, my wife takes personal interest in my work and gives some important suggestions regularly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15585043", "title": "Scarlett\u2019s hot in Sandalwood", "text": "While there may be the cultural activists trying to clamp down on the pubbing and partying culture in Mangalore, recently Scarlett Wilson of Shanghai fame shot for an item song for a Kannada film in the city. Scarlett, who wore a tiny number, shot for this song, ironically, at a pub in the city. Says Krishnappa Uppur, director of Mahanadhi , \"We shot for the song with Scarlett over three days at a popular pub. She is a very talented girl and was extremely cooperative while shooting for the song.\" But did the cast and crew face any issues while shooting, given the tense atmosphere in the city? \"There were no hindrances at all. Despite the fear that there might be moral policing, we managed to wrap up our shoot smoothly and as per schedule,\" says Krishnappa. Scarlett danced to the song titled Gaaore Naachore Hayo Rabba... , which was choreographed by Chinni Prakash. Scarlett, incidentally, is no stranger to item numbers, having started in Shanghai , and following that up with numbers in Telugu films starring Ram Charan Teja and Pawan Kalyan. In Sandalwood, she has done the song for Mahanadhi and one for Prem Adda as well. In fact, it was reported that Scarlett's Sandalwood debut would be with Prem Adda . Krishnappa, though, claims that his film introduces the item gal to the industry. \"Scarlett's first item number in Sandalwood is in Mahanadhi . She shot with us first and then for the other song,\" says Krishappa. 'Our film will release first'Prem Adda director Mahesh Babu, who has also shot with Scarlett says, \"We have finished shooting a song with Scarlett. We signed her up because we were impressed with her dancing skills in Shanghai . We booked her first. Irrespective of all claims, our film will release first, so she will be introduced by us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579755", "title": "60 kg ganja seized", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Sunday arrested a couple and seized 60 kg ganja worth Rs 3 lakh from them. Investigations have revealed that the couple had brought the ganja from Andhra Pradesh. Police have also arrested their driver.The suspects, Vijay Mane (51) and his wife Anuradha (42) are from Rasta Peth, and their driver Netaji Vaddare (24) hails from Osmanabad. Acting on a tip-off the anti-narcotics cell of the crime branch led by inspector Sunil Tambe laid a trap and nabbed the trio at Hadapsar on Sunday afternoon.Police constable Ashok Peranekar received a tip-off that Mane was involved in trafficking ganja. The informer also revealed that Mane used to bring ganja from Andhra Pradesh and sell it to peddlers in and around the city.Tambe said that acting on the tip-off, the police laid a trap at Hadapsar on Sunday and accosted Mane's multi-utility vehicle. Mane's wife Anuradha was also with him. When the police searched the vehicle, they found 60 kg ganja filled in two bags. \"Mane confessed during interrogation,\" Tambe added.A case has been registered with the Hadapsar police station. The investigating team comprised police sub-inspector Vinod Pawar, police constables Ramdas Jadhav, Dnyandeo Ghanwat, Aslam Shaikh and Kunal Mane.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15579557", "title": "Army seek information on land around Annandale ground", "text": "SHIMLA: Before the next hearing in Annandale ground arbitration case, Army authorities want to measure land around the ground in totality, for which they have approached the administration informally. As the court of divisional commissioner, Shimla , has fixed September 10 as the next date of hearing, the Army wants to study revenue records of land surrounding the ground to strengthen its case.But the administration has made it clear that request could be routed only through the divisional commissioner, who is arbitrator in the case. During the last hearing held in June, the Army had sought time till September 10. The court had fixed August 27 as the next date of hearing.Dispute over possession of the ground started after the government sought possession of Annandale ground back from the Army after the expiry of its lease deed. The war of work took an ugly turn when a statement issued by the defense PRO on behalf of Western Command accused the Himachal Pradesh government of shielding land mafia. The issue was also raised before defense minister AK Antony by chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal.To reclaim the ground spread over 121 bigha, the district administration last year had filed an arbitration case. After finding that reclaiming the ground had become difficult, it invoked clause 4 in the lease agreement, which provides for arbitration and the arbitration petition was filed in the court of divisional commissioner, Shimla, on November 28, 2011.The Union defense minister in May this year had asked the Himachal Pradesh government to maintain status quo in view of the strategic importance of the ground and till suitable land was identified by the state government to be given to the Army.On May 15 this year, the then Army chief, General V K Singh, during his meeting with chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , had raised the issue and had claimed to come out with an amicable solution to the controversy but Dhumal had made it clear that there was no change in government's stand on Annandale.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579704", "title": "Road safety lessons in Pune schools soon", "text": "PUNE: Traffic discipline and road safety education will soon form a part of extra-curricular activities for students of std V to VII in civic and private schools in the city. The traffic police and the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) school board will jointly implement the new initiative.Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhare said the traffic branch had suggested that a traffic awareness activity should be implemented for schoolchildren. \"We had been following up the proposal with the PMC. Finally, a decision has been taken and we have prepared a plan,\" he said. More than one lakh students are expected to benefit from the programme. The students will get certificates based on tests and activities.PMC school board chairman Pradip Dhumal said the initiative is aimed at creating awareness among students and their parents. Students will be taught about traffic rules through information booklets and other demonstrations. Dhumal said the school board and traffic branch will jointly print a study booklet on traffic.The traffic branch will also train one teacher in each of the 309 PMC-run schools and will provide all schools with a film about traffic safety.The plan to implement the initiative in civic schools was discussed at a joint meeting of traffic officials and the PMC school board last week. Several school board members suggested that the programme should be implemented in private schools as well. The meeting approved a resolution to implement the programme in all schools in the city. It was also decided to train security guards of schools in road safety.Dhumal said the traffic police have suggested that the opening and closing hours of schools be changed in phases to ease congestion on roads. \"We have discussed the issue and will take a decision soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578712", "title": "Doctors remove Iran boy\u2019s lung with tape worm cyst", "text": "CHENNAI: Zhegir Hasan Obaid, 18, of Kurdistan in Iran came to Chennai to correct a malformation of a bone between his head and neck. But, before the doctors operated on him, they discovered a more important problem - a large cyst in his lungs caused by a tape worm that usually lives in dog's gut.Five years ago, Zhegir once fell on a playground in Kurdistan after which his limbs has become very weak. The disease was progressive and Zhegir became immobile. He was brought to Global Hospitals in Chennai for a surgery.During the pre-operative screening, doctors found that Zhegir often goes breathless. Scans revealed a huge cyst \u2014 hydatid disease \u2014 on his right lung. Radiologists tried to aspirate the cyst but Zhegir collapsed on the table. A team of cardiothoracic surgeons were called in. \"We had no option but to do an emergency surgery to remove the lung,\" said cardiothoracic surgeon Dr Govini Balasubramani.Zhegir was on a ventilator for four days. \"He was lucky. He progressed with no complication and became ready for the orthopaedic surgery in four days,\" said Dr Govani, who has treated four patients from Iran with similar cysts. Tape worms are transmitted when fleas that swallowed the worm's eggs from faces of infected dogs are swallowed by humans. The human body is not conducive for tape worm. In Zhegir, the larvae was carrying by the blood stream to the lung where it developed into a fluid-filled cyst the compressed his lungs. But what made Zhegir's case unique was that he had a problem on his spine making it difficult for the doctors during the surgery.In the second phase of the surgery, doctors corrected the malformation between the head and neck. \"It was challenging to put the patient back on anesthesia as he had just come out of the ventilator,\" said Dr K Sridhar, who heads the department of neurosciences and spine disorders. Doctors used special equipment to drill the bones that were compressing the spine through the mouth. \"We then made the patient lie on the stomach, put plates and screws to fix the neck to the spine,\" he said.In the next 24 hours, Zhegir continued to remain on a ventilator. But in two days, he sat up in the intensive care unit bed. After nearly two weeks of physiotherapy, Zhegir was able to climb stairs. On Tuesday, Zhegir will take a flight back home. \"His parents are happy that he survived two major surgeries. They don't have to wheel him around anymore. He can do things on his own,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578689", "title": "Residents claim foul play in storm water drain project", "text": "CHENNAI: The huge sums of money allocated for repairing storm water drains in the city, it appears, are literally going down the drain. Many contractors are simply repairing existing drains instead of building new ones and streets continue to be flooded, sources say.A contractor meant to build a storm water drain after demolishing the existing one at an estimated cost of 45.76 lakh in Secretariat Colony near Kilpauk just repaired the existing drain, sources say.Residents say the haphazard repairs are causing a big problem. Says R Govindarajan of Secretariat Colony: \"If they don't construct the drains as per the project approved and sanctioned under the JNNURM (Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission) it will be a waste of taxpayers' money. According to the project, the contractor should demolish and construct the storm water drain. Here, this is being violated.\"A sudden spell of rain is enough to flood the entire area. \"During two successive spells of heavy rain on August 21, 22 and August 24, 25 last year, all streets in the colony were flooded and houses were inundated,\" says Govindarajan.M G Devasahayam, social activist and former civil servant, alleges a huge scam in the project. \"The civic body has failed to monitor the works. There should be a detailed inquiry,\" he adds. When contacted, a senior corporation official said: \"We are working hard to complete most of the drains before the monsoon. We will look into the allegations and take necessary action.\"Experts say that if contractors don't build new drains, silt will be deposited and cause flooding. \"Most contractors are using only 30% of the money allocated for the storm water drains,\" said a city-based expert. The contractors, it is alleged, simply plaster the wallsas part of the repairs. \"Huge damage has been done to walls of the drain, but they just applied a coat of plaster,\" says a resident. Others claim the storm water drains are being converted into sewerage lines that becomes breeding grounds for mosquitoes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15577986", "title": "Complaint against 2 cops in fake encounter case", "text": "The prosecution in the alleged fake encounter case of gangster Lakhan Bhaiyya filed a complaint against two policemen who had turned hostile. The complaint was filed with the office of the director general of police.The two cops, Pratarao Kharade and Sameer Phaniband, were posted at the D N Nagar police station in 2006. They were examined as witnesses as they were acquainted with accused constables Tanaji Desai and Vinayak Shinde. Kharade and Phaniband had refused to acknowledge the accused in court and claimed they did not know anything about the accused or their roles in the case. The prosecution later saw the two interacting with accused Pradeep Sharma. The prosecution then decided to file a compliant against them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577808", "title": "Films at multiplexes to cost less from tomorrow", "text": "MUMBAI: Six days after Salman Khan's Ek Tha Tiger (ETT) released, multiplexes will reduce the ticket prices of films from Wednesday in Mumbai. In other cities, the price will be slashed from Tuesday. Khan's film has already made the fastest Rs 100 crore at the box office.Operations head of Fun Cinema Vishal Anand said, \"The high weekend pricing in Mumbai will continue till Tuesday. From Wednesday, the ticket will go back to its old weekday price. But in the rest of our properties outside Mumbai, the price will be reduced from Tuesday.''Anand adds, \"Usually, ticket price is hiked in films with premium star cast during festive periods such as Eid, Diwali and Christmas. Rise in ticket pricing is a multiplex prerogative and is decided after considering external factors.'' Cinema owners had hiked the ticket prices for ETT by Rs 80-Rs 100 per ticket.Most states in the country have a free pricing market, barring a few like Chandigarh and Delhi, where there is a ceiling on pricing. Earlier this year, multiplexes had reduced weekday ticket prices by 40% and weekend by 15 to 20%. A source said, \"Ticket prices for the weekend were hiked during Cocktail and Housefull 2, but nobody noticed it. It was only when Salman Khan expressed unhappiness on the price hike for ETT that people questioned Yashraj Films and multiplexes.''But a spokesperson of Yashraj Films said, \"We had told exhibitors not to hike rates beyond the norm for a big ticket film releasing in the festive season.''Though Yashraj denied telling exhibitors to reduce ticket prices, sources said there was indeed a request from them to slash the price. A source said, \"We had discussed with distributors before fixing the price. Also, we were told to keep the same price for nine days after release.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579655", "title": "Bihar plans its own North-South corridor", "text": "PATNA: Once known for its bad roads and poor connectivity, Bihar has built a network of roads as part of infrastructure development programme during the past few years under various central and state schemes. Now, the road construction department (RCD) is working on an ambitious plan to provide a smooth passage from Nepal to Jharkhand through a four-lane road while the rural works department (RWD), responsible for rural roads, is working on plans to provide road linkage to all the habitats with a population of 250 by 2017.Talking about the state's own 'North-South corridor', RCD minister Nand Kishore Yadav said the state government has taken up this major initiative on its own. \"This four-lane road will connect Nepal with Jharkhand. It will stretch in north Bihar from Bhitha Mor bordering Nepal to Rajauli in Nawada district in south Bihar, which borders Jharkhand,\" he said.The construction of road from Rajauli to Bakhtiarpur, Yadav said, has already been awarded to an agency under Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode at an estimated outlay of Rs 847 crore. From Bakhtiarpur, this road will be linked to the upcoming Bakhtiarpur-Tajpur river bridge. This bridge too is coming up under PPP mode at a cost of Rs 1,602 crore.\"From Tajpur to Nepal border, the work for construction of road would be given to the Bihar State Road Development Corporation, which has been asked to prepare the detailed project report (DPR),\" the minister said. This four-lane, 115-km-long road will pass through Bithauli, Atarbail, Jale and Pupri in northern part of the state before culminating at Bhitha Mor. On completion of this North-South corridor, people would be able to travel from Nepal to Jharkhand by a shorter route without passing through Muzaffarpur, Hajipur and Patna.In another major initiative in road sector, the state government has planned to link all the habitats with a population of 250 with concrete roads in the next five years. Chief minister Nitish Kumar, who has worked out this plan, said efforts would be made to arrange the huge funds required for the project. It is estimated that about 28,000km roads would have to be constructed at a cost of Rs 25,000 crore to achieve this goal by 2016-17.Incidentally, in nine Maoist-affected districts of the state, the habitats with a population of 250 would be linked with roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gramin Sadak Yojna ( PMGSY). In the remaining 30 districts, the state will have to manage funds for the scheme on its own.RWD minister Bhim Singh said the state would construct these roads with its own resources, including external and internal loans from agencies like World Bank, Asian Development Bank and Nabard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15584590", "title": "Rajiv Gandhi's 68th birth anniversary: Bihar YC observes Sadbhavana day", "text": "PATNA: Bihar Youth Congress president Lalan Kumar on Monday appealed to the youth to follow the path of Rajiv Gandhi for ensuring unity, harmony and integrity of the country and urged YC activists to ensure tension-free society at the hour of tension and terror facing the country.A 'Sadbhavana March' led by him was held here during the day on the occasion of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi's 68th birth anniversary. NSUI activists too participated.Kumar recalled various steps taken by Congress under Rajiv Gandhi's leadership in the fields of politics, economic uplift, women empowerment and social welfare and his role in heralding the information and communication technology revolution in the country.Processions were taken out by YC and school children in other parts of the state and more than two lakh bookets containing the profile and achievements of Rajiv Gandhi were distributed.Earlier, a function was organised at the state party office here where Kumar and Deputy Leader of the State Legislative Council Vijay Shankar Mishra paid floral tributes to Rajiv Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578637", "title": "Netizens fume at SMS ban, console NE people", "text": "CHENNAI: \"Very sad to see people from the northeast leaving my city for no fault of ours. Hope sanity prevails and they soon return,\" tweeted Chennaiite Prasanna Narayanan on Sunday.In the wake of the exodus of people from the northeast, the Centre on Saturday blocked bulk SMSs to prevent panic among people. And netizens have taken to social media to post their concern and share police helpline numbers and update pictures of the exodus.Some netizens in the city also shared their anger on the restriction put on SMS. \"Is India so weak that it can be destabilised by Pak SMS? The problem is within,\" read another tweet. A city-based college student had this update on his Facebook page: \"The government decided to block five group messages. But the service providers have blocked one-to-one messages. So we cannot send more than five messages now. It is like the Emergency.\"Many said the SMS restriction has created communication hurdles. \"It is not SMS, but failure of Indian state to assure safety and security of the northeast people,\" wrote Sundar Duyya on his Twitter page. Another post read: \"The acts of violence against the northeast people are shameful, but blocking SMS, MMS &amp; social networking is a real dampener to the image of free India.\"Kiruba Shankar, a social media expert, said many people have found various alternatives to communicate. \"Many are using Blackberry and Whats App messengers because of the SMS restrictions. Many are also showing their anger on restricting SMS through various networking sites,\" he said.Good Samaritans consoled the northeast population. Ram Viswanathan wrote: \"Dear fellow Indians from the northeast, please do not leave...Chennai belongs to you as much as for the others.\" Many people shared helpline numbers through social networking sites. The social media also had some lighter vein stuff. \"Dear girls, if a guy sends you 5 SMSs today, then marry him. He's the one for you. Sincerely Indian government,\" said a post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579707", "title": "Auditoriums to become self-sufficient in water", "text": "PUNE: The PMC is going all out to set an example for the citizens to save and recharge water. As a step in this direction, it plans to make all its auditoriums self sufficient in water. Ward offices and civic offices will be next in line.\"The work on implementing a rainwater harvesting project at the Balgandharva auditorium has started. A similar project will be carried out at Yashwantrao Chavan auditorium in Kothrud,\" said PMC executive engineer Shyam Dhawale.A rainwater harvesting project involves installation of pipes that draw water from rooftop tanks and release it into the ground. The PMC also has plans to set up similar systems at the civic ward offices and other buildings, including the Savarkar Bhawan.The PMC hopes this initiative will encourage citizens who have, so far, shown apathy in saving and harvesting rain water.Under the eco-housing project scheme, which started in 2008, the PMC had announced tax discounts for housing societies, buildings and bungalows that undertake rainwater harvesting, vermiculture, waste management and use solar panels for generating power. One can opt for one of these projects or go for all of them.The PMC gives a rebate of 5% in property tax for implementing one such project; for more than one project the rebate amount is 10%. However, citizens have not responded as per expectations of the PMC.The PMC is the first local urban body in the country to take up such a programme with technical assistance provided by the United States Agency for International Development(USAID) to help promote the concept.Till date, almost 1400 structures have put rainwater harvesting system in their properties and have benefited from the scheme. The PMC wants more citizens to take advantage of the rebate in property tax. BOXTWO TYPES OF RAINWATER HARVESTING* In rooftop rainwater harvesting, roof-water is collected and directed into a borewell pipe after filtration. It can also be stored in a tank and used for non-potable purposes* Collection of rainwater that falls on the ground is called surface rain water harvesting. This water is polluted as it comes in contact with the ground, so it should be recharged into the ground by filtering recharge pits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "15584767", "title": "'Annigeri skulls belonged to 18th century famine victims'", "text": "HUBLI: The mystery surrounding Annigeri skulls seems to have ended with the State Archeology Department ( SAD) coming to the conclusion that they belong to victims of a severe famine between 1792 and 1796. The famine had affected Bagalkot, Bijapur, Annigeri and other parts of north Karnataka.Various theories were doing the rounds ever since the skulls were unearthed. The theories indicated that the skulls were outcome of a massacre and killing for witchcraft.Speaking to TOI, R Gopal, director, State Archeology Department said the C-14 report from Beta Analytic, Florida, a radio carbon dating laboratory, claimed the skulls were just 180 years old. \"After getting the report, we did an extensive study and found out some evidence to substantiate the claims of Beta Analytic.\"People died of starvation in severe famine while the bodies of many people were eaten by vultures and animals. In search of food, many people of these parts migrated to other parts during this period,\" he said.When people returned to their villages after a few years, they buried the skeletons of those who died due to the famine in Annigeri. \"So after finding this fact, we came to the conclusion that Annigeri skulls which were found in August 2010 belong to the persons who died due to the famine between 1792 to 1796,\" he said. Gopal said a final report will be submitted to the secretary, Kannada and Culture, in 15 days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584400", "title": "Ravi Teja turns Bullet Raja", "text": "'Mass maharaja' Ravi Teja's socio-fantasy movie Daruvu is releasing in Tamil as Bullet Raja. The dubbing works of the movie are almost done and the distributors will announce the release date of the Tamil version shortly.The film, which has Taapsee as the female lead, failed to rake in good numbers at the Tollywood box office and let's see whether the Tamil version could do better.Daruvu is directed by Siva who earlier directed super hit Tamil movie Siruthai.Vijay Anthony has composed the music while Vetrivel took charge of the camera. Ramesh Gopi and Anil Ravipudi penned the dialogues and Gautham Raju handled the editing department. The story of the film is very similar to other Yamalokam films of the past like Yamaleela, Yamudiki Mogudu, Yama Gola and Yamadonga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "dibrugarh", "code": "15584384", "title": "3 NSCN-IM linkmen arrested", "text": "DIBRUGARH: Three NSCN (IM) linkmen were apprehended by Army near Madhabpur Tiniali in Dibrugarh district on Sunday.Acting on a tip off, army personnel from the Tipling-based 5 Jakli regiment nabbed the three persons from a dhaba on the Duliajan-Naharkatia road at around 7.30 pm. Army officials said the trio tried to flee by firing at the approaching army team. The three nabbed persons have been identified as Minaram Dhadumia (33) alias Renu Dhadumia of number three Hilaguri village of Namrup, Satyajit Gogoi alias Kalia Gogoi (27) of Tingkhong and Karuna Gogoi (34) alias Bunda Gogoi of Naharkatia. A .22 calibre pistol and 2 live bullets were seized from them. The army claimed that the three were involved in illegal supply of arms from Dimapur besides other unlawful activities.Meanwhile, a joint team of army and police apprehended four linkmen of the Ulfa from Jagun area of Tinsukia district on Sunday evening. Cash amounting to Rs 12 lakh were seized from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579534", "title": "\u2018Most sensitive\u2019 tag for airport", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Is Chandigarh airport one of the most sensitive airports of the country? Yes , if reports of some central agencies are to be believed. Even prior to declaring it a \"customs airport\", a mandatory condition for giving the status of an international airport, the central agency, customs and central excise department had expressed its apprehensions about the vulnerability of local airport due to it being a possible destination for international smuggling and trafficking of gold, currency and explosives.According to documents available with TOI, chief commissioner, customs, central excise and service tax (Chandigarh zone), had written to the chairman, Airport Authority of India (AAI), in August last year, asking for some extra space in the integrated airport building.The extra space was sought because of likelihood of its possible connectivity with sensitive destinations in the Middle East and South East Asia. The communication, that was sent prior to Chandigarh airport getting status of international airport, by the chief commissioner had asked the AAI to provide extra space so that they could take \"extra measures\" to prevent smuggling here.According to customs authority, the possible destinations from Chandigarh airport are highly prone to smuggling and trafficking of contraband including fake Indian currency notes, gold, silver, foreign currency, explosives, arms and ammunition besides narcotics. The department of customs and central excise would be deploying its one additional/joint commissioner, one assistant/deputy commissioner, three superintendents and six inspectors for carrying out procedures relating to anti-smuggling operations like search, baggage search, personal search and recording of statements of passengers.Initially, the customs agency had asked for 5,500 sq ft space but due to space constraints at the new terminal, it had reduced it and revised their demand to 2,100 sq ft.However, when the airport authorities had expressed inability to provide such space, the customs and central excise department had then shot this communication revealing the possibility of such illegal activities at the local airport and justified their demand for more space for their operations.The internal intelligence agency, the Intelligence Bureau (IB) had also recently issued a warning, fearing hijack of an aircraft at the local airport on Independence Day.The IB had found Chandigarh airport as one of the most sensitive airports along with other destinations including Ahemdabad, Jaipur and Srinagar.Significantly, the ministry of defence (MOD) that is controlling the runway and air traffic control of the civilian flight operations has also denied permission to a private airline, Air Arabia for their Sharjah-Chandigarh flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579347", "title": "5 years on, garbage transfer stations only on papers", "text": "NAGPUR: It's a vicious circle when it comes to the garbage problem in the city. Whenever a new municipal commissioner takes charge, he expresses concern over it, vows to free the city from garbage but is unable to change the situation. Then it's over to the next municipal commissioner. Will the new civic chief, Shyam Wardhane, be able to change it?Following in the footsteps of the past two municipal commissioners, Aseem Gupta and Sanjeev Jaiswal, Wardhane has been visiting several areas of the city for the last couple of days to take stock of the garbage scene along roadsides. The only difference being Wardhane has been quick in taking action against erring officials. On the first day, he took action taken against two staffers, including the health inspector.Going by past experiences, this alone may not solve the issue. Primarily, the garbage issue refuses to die down for want of four pieces of lands in the city, which is spread across 217 sq km area. If these lands are identified for developing garbage transfer stations then the problem can be solved to a great extent, said an NMC official.On the lines of a project launched in Pune, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation announced the ambitious bin free city project in 2007. The project aimed at removing all the garbage bins from the city after developing proper infrastructure for transferring garbage to the Bhandewadi dumping yard. The project was to achieve this within a year of its launch.NMC appointed a private agency Kanak Resources Management Limited to collect the garbage from households in trolleys. Garbage collected from doorsteps was to be transferred to small vehicles. Later, the waste would be transferred to big vehicles for transporting it to the four garbage transfer stations in different parts of the city.The doorstep collection of garbage became successful. But the NMC could not identify lands around 30,000-40,000 sq ft for the garbage transfer stations. Meanwhile, the NMC started removing the bins. As a result, garbage collected from households was dumped on roadsides and streets, from where it was lifted and transported to the dumping yard. The success of the entire project depended on the transfer stations. Unfortunately, the past two civic chiefs could not develop them.A senior health department (sanitation) official told TOI that negligence on the part of NMC's Estate and Town Planning departments in identifying the lands is to be blamed for the mess. \"We have given many written requests to these departments to allot lands but in vain. Now a 10,000 sq ft land at Budhwari market is under consideration,\" he said.Where will all that garbage go?* On the lines of a project launched in Pune, the Nagpur Municipal Corporation announced the ambitious bin free city project in 2007* Doorstep collection of garbage successful. But NMC could not identify lands around 30,000-40,000 sq ft for garbage transfer stations* As NMC started removing bins, garbage was dumped on roads* Two previous municipal commissioners have not been able to resolve the issueQuotes:We have given many written requests to these departments to allot lands but in vain. Now a 10,000 sq ft land at Budhwari market is under considerationNMC officialThe garbage issue refuses to die down for want of four pieces of lands in the city. If these lands are identified for developing garbage transfer stations, the problem can be solved to a great extentNMC officialNagpur: After Mohan Nagar and Gaddigodam, residents of Mecosabagh feel that their elected public representatives - corporators Dimpy Bawa and Raju Thool - are depriving them of their basic civic amenities.In fact, the residents are planning to file a missing person complaint for Bawa and Thool as they have failed to show up after winning the last elections. According to the residents, both of them have turned a deaf ear to their complaints and that Bawa's phone is unavailable most of the times.Residents alleged that despite repeated visits to the Mangalwari zone office of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), civic issues like repairing street lights, road cleaning, grass cutting and covering manholes have not been addressed. \"Since last month, street lights in our locality are not working. The zonal office employees keep giving false excuses for not attending to our complaints. No one has come to even inspect the street lights,\" said Byramji Town resident Rohan Sharma (name changed).Commenting on the poor road condition and sanitation facilities, Rohan said that the grass is left uncut and not a single sweeper comes to clean the locality. \"It is impossible for our children to play outside as snakes and other insects dwell in the unkempt grass, especially during rainy season. Garbage is also not collected, leading to unhygienic conditions,\" he added.In a shocking revelation, the residents of Chhaoni area informed that the corporators refused to help them when they were facing water shortage during summer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578124", "title": "Court: Rein in \u2018leader\u2019 intimidating witnesses", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has directed Delhi Police to take action against a \" self-styled local leader\" for restraining witnesses from deposing in a gangrape case while saying that kangaroo courts and their dictates are the biggest threats to the Indian democracy.\"Such self-styled local leaders cannot be permitted to take over the legally-constituted courts\" and their threats to witnesses result into \"casualty of justice\", said additional sessions judge Kamini Lau.\"Self-styled local 'netas' cannot be permitted to take over the legally constituted courts of India and reduce the judicial system to insignificance by holding parallel proceedings of their own.\"The court added, \"One of the major reasons for a high rate of acquittal and the guilty getting away in cases involving rape and sexual abuse is the social attitude and the frequent interventions and interferences by these self-styled leaders and kangaroo courts on account of which the victim and her family are often compelled to compromise with the offenders under the fear of social ostracizing.\"A local leader of Mukherjee Nagar in northwest Delhi had threatened the gangrape victim and her siblings and had stopped them from going to the courtroom to depose. The judge directed the station house officer of Prashant Vihar police station to take action against Rajesh, who had restrained the three witnesses from deposing in the court and had threatened them to compromise with the accused.Rajesh had also asked the witnesses to take next date in the case on the pretext that the victim was unwell, the witnesses told the court. The incident came to light when the court was told by the prosecutor that the victim and two witnesses were on the court premises but they were not coming to depose in the case.The prosecutor said the witnesses were forced by the leader of a slum to leave the court on the pretext that he would take care of everything but they were brought back to the court with the help of police.The judge, while directing police to take action against Rajesh, said witnesses are the eyes and ears of the court and if they are \"incapacitated\" from acting as eyes and ears, the trial gets \"putrefied and paralysed\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "15578240", "title": "IMT industrialists meet CM Hooda, discuss their problems", "text": "GURGAON: Two weeks after staging a mass protest in their area, that was sparked by a complete lack of basic infrastructure and a daily thinning of power supply, industry representatives of IMT Manesar met with Haryana's chief minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda , at his New Delhi residence on Monday.A memorandum, highlighting the prime troubles faced by IMT's industrialists, has also been handed over to the chief minister, according to members of the local industrial association.\"The CM's response was very positive. He gave us enough time, and said that he will look into these issues, which we have been raising for several years now,\" said Manoj Tyagi, general secretary of the IMT Industrial Association. The association has prepared a 14-point agenda for the industrial area, emphasizing the need to address the dismal power situation, and, focuses on other infrastructure-related issues, like setting up a fire-station in the area.\"This is the only industrial area that doesn't have a fire station. Tenders have to be brought in from Gurgaon in cases of emergency. We have been demanding a fire station for several years now, and the project is going nowhere only due to the bureacratic hurdles,\" said Tyagi. The CM, he added, has assured the six-member delegation on Monday that 'soon there will be a fire station in the IMT.'Earlier this month, IMT's industrialists were issued notifications by the power discom, informing them of a further curtailment in their daily supply figures. As per the new supply routine, industrial units will now only be getting four hours of daytime supply, much to the consternation of the industry owners. \"The onus should be put on the developer and builders, in order to effectively deal with the power shortage. They should be bound by contracts to at least provide 50% of the backup for the industry in the area they are going to develop,\" said an industrialist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15584652", "title": "Kurien elected Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman as Opposition, Congress display rare unity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Setting aside their confrontation over the CAG report on coal block allocation, opposition and the ruling dispensation today got together in a rare show to unanimously elect Congress leader P J Kurien as Rajya Sabha Deputy Chairman.The House, which was adjourned earlier for an hour after uproar over CAG reports tabled on Friday, saw the opposition suspending its attack on the government to allow the election and subsequent felicitations to Kurien by members from all parties.Earlier, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh proposed Kurien's name for the post and was seconded by Leader of the Opposition Arun Jaitley. After Chairman Hamid Ansari announced Kurien's election, the Prime Minister and Jaitley escorted him to his seat.The House showered lavish praise on Kurien with the Prime Minister saying, it is a proof of the wide appreciation and support the Congress leader enjoys in the House. Singh said Kurien has \"vast experience\" and has been conducting the proceedings of the House with great aplomb. \"We wish him all success and promise him that we will cooperate with him to the maximum so that the House can run smoothly.\"Ansari said his unanimous election showed he has endeared himself to all sections of the House. As Kurien's seat is next to Jaitely, the Leader of the Opposition said in a lighter vein, \"Now that he has literally crossed the floor and has come to this side, I'm sure he will be fair to this side.\" Jaitley noted that since the days of unanimous elections are very rare now, Kurien making it to the post is a proof of both his pleasantness and patience. \"He has earned tremendous goodwill of the House,\" he said. A beaming Kurien said he will try to accommodate views of all members in running the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "15583604", "title": "Brothers succumb to rat fever in Bantwal", "text": "MANGALORE: Two youths including a teenaged boy from Pararai area of B Muda village under Panjikallu health centre jurisdiction in Bantwal taluk have succumbed to leptospirosis ( rat fever). While Deepak, 22, elder son of Seetharam Poojary succumbed to the disease on August 16, his younger brother Praveen, 17, died on Monday, district health and family welfare officer OR Srirangappa stated here.Deepak, who was suffering from fever, was admitted to a private hospital in BC Road on August 13, and subsequently shifted to Fr Muller Medical College in the city after physicians suspected him to be suffering from leptospirosis. However, due to delay in admission, Deepak suffered multiple organ failure with his liver and kidneys failing, which led to his death three days later.Later Seetharam and Praveen, who too developed fever, were admitted to KMC Attavar for treatment on August 18. The doctors discharged Praveen as his medical test reports for leptospirosis turned out negative. However, he was again admitted to KMC Hospital at Dr BR Ambedkar (Jyothi) Circle a day later. Praveen succumbed to the disease on Monday, while his father is recovering.Stating that leptospirosis is contagious, Dr Srirangappa advised people with symptoms of fever to get them tested. Instructions have been given to all primary health centres to screen patients for the disease and send their samples to district hospital for further screening in case of doubts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "15582742", "title": "Woes continue for Palakkad division", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: When 623 km was carved out from the Palakkad division to form the Salem division, it dealt a body blow to its revenues to the tune of Rs 200 crore. It was hoping to recover from the loss when the Kanjikode railway coach factory was announced. But the project, which is moving at a snail's pace, has been a let-down so far. Moreover, the threat of a Mangalore division is now hanging over its head.\"When the Salem division was formed in 2007, we lost revenue-earning industrial areas such as Coimbatore and Tiruppur, which contributed over Rs 200 crore annually to the Palakkad division. The division already lacks the minimum track requirement after the bifurcation. And if the demand for a Mangalore division is taken up, the Palakkad division will once again shrink, leading to its merger with the Thiruvananthapuram division,\" said a source in Southern Railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "15582986", "title": "Obesity may lead to faster cognitive decline", "text": "WASHINGTON: People who are obese and also have high blood pressure and other risk factors called metabolic abnormalities may experience a faster decline in their cognitive skills over time than others, according to a study by researchers including one of an Indian origin.Metabolic abnormality was defined as having two or more of the following risk factors: high blood pressure or taking medication for it; low HDL or \"good\" cholesterol; high blood sugar or taking diabetes medication; and high triglycerides (a type of fat found in the blood) or taking medication to lower cholesterol.The study involved 6,401 people with an average age 50 at the start of the study. Information on body mass index (BMI) and the risk factors was gathered at the beginning of the study. The participants took tests on memory and other cognitive skills three times over the next 10 years.A total of 31 percent of the participants had two or more metabolic abnormalities. Nine percent were obese and 38 percent were overweight. Of the 582 obese people, 350, or 60 percent, met the criteria for metabolic abnormality. The metabolically normal obese individuals also experienced more rapid decline.Over the 10 years of the study, people who were both obese and metabolically abnormal experienced a 22.5 percent faster decline on their cognitive test scores than those who were of normal weight without metabolic abnormalities.\"More research is needed to look at the effects of genetic factors and also to take into account how long people have been obese and how long they have had these metabolic risk factors and also to look at cognitive test scores spanning adulthood to give us a better understanding of the link between obesity and cognitive function, such as thinking, reasoning and memory,\" said study author Archana Singh-Manoux, PhD, of INSERM, the French research institute in Paris and University College London in England.Singh-Manoux said the study also provides evidence against the concept of \"metabolically healthy obesity\" that has suggested that obese people without metabolic risk factors do not show negative cardiac and cognitive results compared to obese people with metabolic risk factors.The study has been published in the latest print issue of Neurology, the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579267", "title": "Patna govt efforts salvage kharif crop to great extent", "text": "PATNA: The state government decision to provide diesel subsidy to farmers and six to eight hours supply of electricity for irrigation in the wake of deficient rain right from June this year has helped in salvaging the kharif crop in the state.Agriculture experts say this monsoon despite 20% to 30% deficient rain there it is not a lost case as far plantation of paddy goes as the damage control measures like providing diesel subsidy and agriculture extension measures to apprise the farmers of new techniques to save the paddy plantations saved the situation for the farmers. In the previous years, there had been delay in providing diesel subsidy to the farmers after the delayed monsoon.Besides, the System of Root Intensification technique (Srividhi), which need less water, to get high yield of paddy, was applied more across the state particularly in central Bihar in the wake of delayed monsoon and deficient rain. Agriculture specialist of state government, Anil Kumar Jha, said this year the agriculture farm under Srividhi cultivation of paddy has been increased to 4 lakh hectares compared to 3.34 lakh hectares in the last Kharif season.In Srividhi method only wet soil is needed to grow the paddy seedlings not the free flow of water or the stagnated water, he said. This had helped in getting record paddy production in Magadh region and areas in western Bihar and other parts of the state last year. This year also a good paddy yield is expected, he said and added that even the traditional method of growing paddy bodes well in north Bihar this kharif season as the intermittent rain interspersed with sunny days is keeping the soil wet and at the same time enough sunlight is providing sufficient photosynthesis. Jha added stagnation of water or flow of water in the roots of paddy plant is not that much needed under the traditional method of cropping.Jha said the agriculture department had been communicating advisory to the farmers through print media and through community radio to transplant more paddy seedlings by reducing the space between two seedlings in view of the delay in transplantation after the delayed monsoon. This would somehow save the situation though the actual cultivated areas in the traditional paddy growing area has come down. The rest of land has been used for producing maize crop which needs less water to grow, Jha said adding that in this kharif season 50,000 hectare has been added to maize plantation area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15585180", "title": "Suggest a laptop within Rs 25,000", "text": "I want to buy a laptop for around 22,000-25,000. My requirements are 2GB RAM, 500GB HDD, good processor, microphone, webcam, and Windows 7 . A graphics card will be an added advantage. Any suggestions?-Ibad SayyedFor laptops in that price range, you're going to have to make a sacrifice, whether with the processor, the RAM, the hard drive or the screen size. So, first figure out which of these matter more to you.Keep in mind, the processor and screen size are things that you'll never be able to change; RAM and hard drive can always be upgraded later. The Toshiba Satellite C665-P 5211 ( 24,500 approx) features a 15.6-inch screen, 4GB RAM and a 320GB HDD. The only downside is that it's powered by an older Intel Pentium Dual-Core processor. Still, this will be enough for office usage and web browsing, but high-end multimedia and gaming will suffer from poor performances. AMD's APU Dual-Core processors have also proven to be credible performers, and the Samsung NP305U1A ( 23,900 approx) and the HP Compaq CQ43-405 AU (22,500 approx) seem like good prospects.Samsung has the 500GB of hard drive space you're looking for, while HP will give you a larger 14-inch screen. The built-in Radeon graphics won't give you crystal-clear visuals, but it should handle multimedia and basic gaming well enough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15577834", "title": "Erratic weather leads to spike in monsoon illnesses", "text": "MUMBAI: An erratic weather over the past few days has led to a spurt in cases of fever and flu-like-illnesses. While civic records say there have been over 4,521 admissions due to fever this month, private physicians have been treating at least 3-5 such cases in their OPDs since the last few days.Girgaum-based physician Dr Krishnakant Dhebri said malaria cases have also been on the rise. \"We are treating a lot of malaria and dengue cases. On a day, at least two to three patients are testing positive for malaria or dengue,\" he said. As per civic records, over 1,100 cases of malaria and 51 confirmed dengue cases have already been reported this month. In the past two months, 2,863 cases of malaria were recorded by the BMC.Gastroenteritis and jaundice have also been a worry for Mumbaikars. Dr Pratik Samdani, who consults at Saifee Hospital in Charni Road, said two of his patients are in the intensive care unit after having suffered liver failure caused by viral hepatitis. \"Cases of gastro, jaundice and viral diarrhoea are common and patients are coming from all over the city, particularly south Mumbai,\" he said, adding that fever and chest infection complaints are also coming in. He said cases may go up in the next few days given that the city was witnessing heat and rains. The BMC's epidemiology cell has recorded 824 cases of gastro, 109 cases of jaundice and 36 of typhoid this month. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15583440", "title": "Giving home Tests first: Does it really work for rookies?", "text": "PUNE: VVS Laxman categorically said he was retiring because his successor should get home Tests under his belt before tough assignments abroad. Former India batsman Sanjay Manjrekar wrote about grooming a youngster before India's next real Test challenge: tour to South Africa next year.On the face of it, it's logical. But in a way, we are accepting that we are not producing talented batsmen to play Test cricket.When Sachin Tendulkar played 20 of his first 21 Tests abroad (4x100s, 5x50s), not many talked about giving him a decent run in home conditions. And the overseas pitches were drastically different during that time. Sourav Ganguly (131) and Rahul Dravid (95) made their famous Test debuts at Lord's in 1996, not an ideal venue to cement their places in the team. Virender Sehwag had baptism by fire in South Africa in 2001. His response? A superb 105 on debut in the middle-order in Bloemfontein.Though Laxman made his debut against South Africa in Ahmedabad, his first hundred came at the SCG in 2000 when a sword was dangling over his head. Virat Kohli, India's most reliable batsman at the moment, played just one home Test before scoring that 116 in Adelaide earlier this year. Manjrekar himself played just one Test in India before announcing himself on the tours of West Indies and Pakistan in 1989.Of course, critics would say, the above mentioned names were so talented that they would have succeeded anyhow. Or that they succeeded in spite of the wrong selection policy. However, throwing someone at the deep end of the pool has its advantages. Kohli proved that during the Adelaide Test, perhaps the pivotal moment of his cricket career.Gautam Gambhir played 23 Tests in India, Bangladesh, Zimbabwe and Sri Lanka before establishing himself as a top batsman in a winning series in New Zealand in 2009. In between, he had missed 27 Tests (notable being tours to Pakistan, England, West Indies, Australia and South Africa). But can we say he was a product of proper grooming by the team's think-tank and the selectors? Or did they simply play musical chairs with the opening slot before Gambhir discovered himself in the Napier Test (137 in 436 balls, 643 minutes)?Post 1996, apart from the names mentioned above, only eight middle-order batsmen won an India cap after showing promise in first-class cricket: Hrishikesh Kanitkar, Hemang Badani, Sanjay Bangar, Yuvraj Singh, Mohd Kaif, Suresh Raina, S Badrinath and Cheteshwar Pujara.Kanitkar played two Tests in Australia in 1999-2000 when India faced Glenn McGrath and Shane Warne together for the only time Down Under. Badani played four Tests in 2001 (in Zimbabwe and Lanka) for an average of 15.67. Bangar played 12 Tests in three years before being shunted out after disastrous tour of New Zealand in 2003. He batted at No. 7/8 or was asked to open. The highlight of his career was the knock of 68 in the Leeds Test win and not getting a single game in the 2003 World Cup.Yuvraj and Kaif suffered due to their own inadequacies, competing with one of the strongest middle-orders and selectorial inconsistency.S Badrinath and Cheteshwar Pujara are the latest to come into the Test fold.Either them or the duo of Rohit Sharma-Suresh Raina must prove Laxman's gesture worthwhile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15576842", "title": "Boy who fled home with gold rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Lake police on Sunday rescued a Class X student who ran away from home with cash and gold ornaments. He is a resident of Peddapalli in Karimnagar district.Nikhil, a 15-year-old student of Trinity School in Peddapalli, ran away from home on Sunday morning with Rs 59,000 cash and 17 tolas of gold ornaments.Police noticed the boy sitting alone on a bench on Tank Bund Road on Sunday night and questioned him about his personal details.Based on the answers given by the boy, police realised that he ran away from home. On searching his bag, police found the cash and gold ornaments.\"We immediately brought the boy to the police station and informed his parents. Nikhil told us that he got less marks in the recent unit test and ran away from home as he did not want to continue his studies. On Monday morning, the boy was handed over to his father Bhaskar with the valuables,\" station inspector C Ramesh said. Police have not booked any case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579605", "title": "PEC readies list of stakeholders for higher education blueprint", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Spearheading the dialogue among various stakeholders to create a higher education council for Tricity and introduce several other measures, PEC University of Technology has submitted a proposal to the UT administration. The proposal mentions the list of stakeholders who will participate in a round-table dialogue to carve out a new higher education blueprint for Tricity.With 49 participants in this list, the dignitaries include vice-chancellors of prominent universities in the region and representatives of Punjab and Haryana. The UT administration's education secretary and the higher education department will now take a call on the date of this dialogue.\"We have already submitted a proposal to the UT administration about how we can go ahead with the round table discussion. A date will soon be given and modifications made in the plan submitted,\" said Manoj Datta, PEC university director.The participants will also include senior bureaucrats from Punjab, Haryana and UT education departments, along with vice-chancellors of Panjab University, Punjab Technical University, Baddi University, Thapar University and heads of PGI, GMCH-32, Central Scientific Instruments Organization, University Institute of Engineering and Technology, National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, deputy head of Indian School of Business and other eminent educationists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578731", "title": "Seamen say marine school pushed them into racket", "text": "CHENNAI: Two seamen from Chennai have complained to city police commissioner J K Tripathy that they were duped by the city campus of the Haryana-based Academy of Marine Studies, causing them to land in a drug smuggling racket in Greece. Police arrested a 60-year-old ex-Army man called Tiwari following the complaint, and later let him off with a warning.P Asaithambi and his friend said the academy had duped several candidates after promises jobs on board international vessels. \"We were put on board a vessel in Greece. We were not aware that the vessel was loading drugs for smuggling. We came to know the truth only when we were arrested in Greece,\" he said.Asaithambi, who is a diploma engineering holder, decided to become a seaman and joined the institution\"After completing my course, I went to Famagusta Port in north Cyprus. There I was asked to report to a person on a vessel. It was to go to Greece, but it went somewhere else. Suddenly, officials surrounded our ship and arrested us. We were detained in prison for more than 10 days. Finally, we managed to slip out from the prison after paying the fine amount,\" he said.When Asaithambi approached Tiwari through prison officials in Greece, he promised to take action to rescue him, but he never turned up.When contacted, Ahuja, said to be the director of the academy, said he was no longer associated with the institution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15579586", "title": "Rain disrupts rail, road and air traffic in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: Hundreds of people, including a large number of foreign tourists, were stranded near Kaza in Spiti valley of Himachal Pradesh as heavy rain triggered a landslide and breached a road on Saturday night, reports reaching here said on Monday. Elsewhere in the state, damages were reported with several roads blocked due to landslides or being washed away by surging streams and rivers.Meanwhile, two buildings - one under construction and other 11 years old - collapsed in Totu suburb of Shimla on Sunday night. The downpour also washed away a developed plot in the vicinity. The calamity has left four families homeless even though there was no casualty as the inmates had vacated the buildings when the hill started sliding.Air and train services also remained disrupted for the second day on Monday. The Jammu-Pathankot train was terminated at Guler as the tracks between Guler and Jogindernagar was blocked due to landslides. \"There have been major landslides at Koparlahd, where a portion of the hill has come down on the track,\" a railway official said.Kangra airport, which has two flights daily between Kangra and Delhi, has seen no traffic for two days. \"It is not possible to make flights land as a runway that is totally invisible due to heavy rains,\" said an airport official. The meterological office has issued a warning forecast that heavy to very heavy rain was likely to be experienced in the region over the next 48 hours.Rock fall or landslides have affected more than 60 road routes. National highway connecting Dharamshala-Chandigarh was blocked near Kangra after landslides on Sunday night. The public works department has assessed the losses on link roads and state highways to the tune of about Rs 2 crores. Loss estimates of overall region including Nurpur, Palampur and Dehra are yet to be calculated.Landslides on Kangra-Chamba road halted the Manimhesh pilgrimage as the road from Kangra-Draman-Sihunta-Chamba remained blocked for about eight hours. Incessant rains also disrupted the mobile services, particularly BSNL, in Chamba district.The maximum temperatures dropped by two to three degrees while minimum temperatures dropped by a few notches in mid and higher hills following rains. Dharamsala and Gaggal in Kangra district received the maximum 182 mm and 180 mm of rains respectively. Neri and Sujanpur Tihra recorded 121 mm and 111 mm of rains, followed by Kasauli 80 mm, Hamirpur 76 mm, Sundernagar 50 mm, Jubbarhatti 49 mm, Shimla 44 mm, Bilaspur 41 mm and Mandi 30 mm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579476", "title": "Heavy rains hit normal life in eastern Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: Heavy rains over the last 24 hours in Chandrapur, Gadchiroli, Bhandara, Gondia districts and pockets of Nagpur district, have caused flood-like situation at several places. While over 200 villages remain cut off in Naxal-affected Gadchiroli district, all seven gates of Irai dam in Chandrapur had to be opened to release excess water.Crops and property were damaged in Umred and Bhiwapur talukas because of overflowing Sirsi nullah and water released from six gates of Nand dam, official sources said on Monday.\"As per preliminary reports, crops have been damaged in around 3,000 hectares in Umred and Bhiwapur talukas. Teams led by SDOs will be inspecting the areas to assess the damage and the situation will be clear by Tuesday,\" said Nagpur division joint director of agriculture JC Bhutada.The villages affected were Hivra, Hivri, Sirsi, Pimpra, Pauni, Sawangi Khurd and Singori Salai. Several roads were cut off and a police constable, Ranjit Faye, stuck on a submerged bridge on Umred-Sirsi road was rescued over the weekend while 70 villagers were moved to safer places from Pimpra village.Bhiwapur taluka received 96mm of rains on Sunday, leading to floods in Maru and Chikhli nullahs. At least 295 houses were damaged at Nanda, Manora, Malewada, Nakshi, Pandharvani, Vakeshwar and nearby villages, which were cut off from the taluka headquarters.As per information from divisional control room at Nagpur, Chandrapur received maximum rainfall of 80.20mm followed by Bhandara with 66.84mm, Gadchiroli 64mm, Gondia 54.41mm, Wardha 24mm and Nagpur 18mm.The Wainganga was flooded and waters from it flowed into Gadchiroli district, causing a spate in several inter-district rivers like Pranhita, Godavari, Indrawati and Paralkota, Pamulgautami, Kathani and Gadhvi rivers in the district.Heavy rains were also recorded in most areas of Gadchiroli district over last two days and emergency flood-relief cell was operational round the clock at the district headquarters. Boats were pressed into service to evacuate marooned people at several places.Three small rivers and nullahs in Bhandara, four in Gondia and 10 in Chandrapur were in spate. In all, excessive rainfall was reported from 22 talukas of Nagpur division comprising eastern and southern Vidarbha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579614", "title": "TV channel \u2018bureau chief\u2019 cheated people", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The self-proclaimed bureau chief of a TV channel, who was arrested on August 17, has defrauded many people by using fake identity cards. Police was surprised to find that he had also been issued an accreditation card by the Chandigarh administration and have now written to director, public relations here to find out how this card was issued to him. Police is also verifying its authenticity.Accused Bhupinder Singh was arrested on the complaint of three Patiala residents, who had accused him of duping them of Rs. 10.2 lakh on the pretext of sending them to Canada.Bhupinder, a resident of Sector 33, was also running an immigration company in Sector 34.Earlier too, two different cases of cheating, have been registered against him.Following his arrest, raids were conducted at his house and police recovered nearly 500 fake visiting cards of different channels, showing him as a senior official, some bank letterheads and a false DDR regarding a 'lost' passport.\"During the search of his residence as well as his office, some incriminating documents have been recovered. He had opened his office in the name of 'Electronic Media Channel-2' but director of this channel confirmed that Bhupinder was neither a reporter nor a bureau chief,\" said Anil Joshi, deputy superintendent of police ( CID).\"During the search, we found around 500 fake visiting cards. He had also filed a case regarding loss of a passport but we found it from his home. One accreditation card (for 2012), 'issued' to him by DPR, Chandigarh, was found and we are verifying its authenticity,\" he added.Police said that Bhupinder was allegedly cheating people by taking undue advantage of his alleged links with top media and administration officials. He also used to give advertisments in newspapers to net gullible people by assuring them jobs in electronic media but never gave any address, just phone numbers in these ads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "15578887", "title": "Rumours over mehendi create panic in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Hundreds of Muslim women and children flocked to hospitals late on Eid eve after rumours spread that two women had died after applying mehendi on their hands and a girl had lost her limbs. Police are on the lookout for the person, who sent a text message that went viral on Monday nightMuslim women wear mehendi during Eid. Several government hospitals received women and children with mehendi on their hands, with complaints of itching and irritation after they heard the rumours. Doctors said many of them were because of psychological reasons.The mischievous text went like this: \"A girl applied Mehandi (sic) called red cone ... her hands and legs got infected, so doctors suggested to cut off her hands and legs...\" Police and doctors said the message was totally baseless and intended to create panic among people.Police teams were left to pacify the women and children who came to the Government General Hospital, the Institute of Child Health, the Government Royapettah Hospital, the Stanley Medical College Hospital and the Chromepet Government HospitalAs some of them complained of itching, the doctors administered injections to them. A few others were given allergy tablets. At least 200 women were treated at GH, 15 children at ICH, and more than 600 women at GRH. Stanley hospital received more than 200 women. At least eight women were admitted as in-patients and kept under observation. They were given glucose and later discharged from the hospitals.Initial inquiries revealed that the message originated from Ambur or Krishnagiri. \"We will take stringent action against those creating panic. We have formed special teams to trace the culprits. Soon, the prankster will be caught,\" Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy said.Clinical neuropsychologist Dr B S Virudhagirinathan, who did a study on the psychology of rumours several years ago, said he feels a rumour is a means of escapism. \"It is the easiest way to deal with an unsolvable problem. A rumour is like any other contagious disease.\"\"People who get taken in by rumours are easily taken in by the power of suggestion. They tend to be weak-willed. That is why they believe everything someone tells them. Whether it is about the spread of violence against people from the northeast or about 'killer' mehendi, if you are weak-willed, you will believe it all,\" the psychologist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "15584884", "title": "Awareness project on diabetes", "text": "DHARWAD: Asha Heart and Diabetes Foundation will launch a diabetes awareness project in Hubli-Dharwad from August 26. The project is spread over a period of 6-8 months and will be completed in April 2013.Trustee Jitendra Majathia said the project is meant for diabetes awareness, lifestyle changes, healthy food habits and regular exercise. People above 20 years of age will be tested for sugar. Four volunteers will check blood sugar in various places like railway station, bus stand, Durgad Bail, institutions, temples, churches and mosques and surrounding villages. Those tested for blood sugar will be given leaflets on diabetes and tips for walking/ exercise.\"The project will give us an idea about the incidence of diabetes in north Karnataka and steps to be taken to avoid diabetes, heart attack by following healthy lifestyle,\" he said.\"The Foundation conducts regular health awareness and check-up camps across north Karnataka. In our ongoing 100 coronary angiography camp started in 2010, we have completed 52 patients' coronary angios and got done free heart by-pass operation on 21 patients in the last two years. We supply free insulin to poor and needy diabetics,\" Jitendra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "15583608", "title": "About 2,000 electric men have died in 10 years in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "INDORE: Around 2,000 staffer of Madhya Pradesh Power Distribution Company have lost their lives in last 10 years around.Representatives of such employees claim that 2000 staffer lost their lives while repairing electricity supply lines.Official of Provincial president of the Technical Employees Association of the Western Region Power Distribution Company claimed that around 7000 applications from across the state while 2000 from Western region power Distribution Company are pending for job on the compassionate grounds from people who lost the lives while serving.Irony is that the company has no such provision of providing job to the relatives of deceased employees. The company stopped providing jobs on compassionate grounds in 1998.An official of the company said that exact number of such claims could not be informed as there is no provision to provide job. However, family members of the deceased file applications through various mediums like public hearings and others.Apathy of the department does not end here. Rather these staffers are not provided with adequate safety equipments, claimed and employee. He also said that employees are forced to work with in dangerous condition. In last month, almost three staffers lost their lives while working for the company, claimed an insider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "indore/mhow", "code": "15583645", "title": "Eid celebrated with zeal at Infantry School in Mhow", "text": "INDORE/MHOW: Id-ul-Fitr was celebrated at the Bayonet Masjid of the Infantry School in Mhow on Monday.The celebrations started with a discourse on Eid followed by offering of Namaz and Khutba, in which a large number of officers, JCOs and jawans participated.It was followed by Eid Milan and tavarrukh distribution. The school commandant, Lt Gen JS Bajwa along with other officers, greeted the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579851", "title": "Drive on to desilt Khadakwasla dam", "text": "PUNE: City-based social organisations Parivartan and Green Thumb have launched a drive to remove silt from a stretch of 22-km along the sides of the Khadakwasla dam to help increase its storage capacity.Col (retd) Suresh Patil of the Green Thumb said, \"Khadakwasla is an important dam since it is the only source of drinking water for the city. Its storage capacity has reduced over the years due to collection of silt, which needs to be removed immediately.\"\"Parivartan and Green Thumb started the work on the project around six months ago. Government officials were consulted, following which the organisations started the work to clear the silt from a 70-metre stretch along the dam boundary and undertake tree plantation there,\" he said.Patil said the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC), the state irrigation department and army establishments in the city offered the required help in the initial stages. Besides, many social organisations across the state have shown willingness to contribute to the project.Meanwhile, Ravindra Malwadkar, co-opted member of the civic body, has taken up a similar initiative. A proposal to remove silt from the Khadakwasla dam has been submitted to the civic standing committee.The PMC could play an important role in silt removal by providing required funds and machinery, he said.Malwadkar added, \"It has been observed that water in the four dams ( Varasgaon, Panshet, Temghar and Khadakwasla) is not proving sufficient tomeeting the annual water requirements of the city and agriculture. The city has been facing water cuts for the last three years. It is difficult to find a site to construct a new dam, hence, removal of silt from the existing dams is the only immediate solution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15579575", "title": "Lack of students chokes Sanskrit department\u2019s progress", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In his opening remarks at 15th World Sanskrit Conference in January this year, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh while commending the language had termed \"Sanskrit as the soul of the nation,\" however back home at his alma mater, the Sanskrit department is in a crisis, when it comes to enrollments.Even as country's top institutions gear up to celebrate Sanskrit Day on September 5, Panjab University's Arts Block-I wears a gloomy, desolate look. This department, which is among the oldest in PU, does not even receive applications equal to the number of its seats.Out of the 60 seats offered in MA-I this year, only 40 applications were received. Of these, eventually 30 candidates were shortlisted for the programme. In the M.Phil programme offered by the same department for 20 seats, 19 applications were received and eight students shortlisted in the current academic year. There are only two teachers against eight sanctioned posts, crippling the functioning of this department further.\"There is a dire need to check the decline of Sanskrit education in Punjab and Chandigarh at the school level. When schools are not encouraging students to study this language, how will students be interested in higher education? The department also requires more teachers for its smooth functioning,\" says V K Alankar, chairperson, department of Sanskrit, PU. Students, however, opine that the department needs to modernize itself to attract more students.\"We need to make advancements in Sanskrit education in sync with the current trends. Several other departments in India are combining Sanskrit education with computers and are modernization the mode of its study. There is a need to overhaul the department and more teachers must be added,\" says Udayan Arya, an M.Phil student of the department.Masters degree students here state that the teaching methodology, besides the infrastructure is outdated and needs a major revamp.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584409", "title": "Shah Rukh booked for insulting national flag", "text": "Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan has been booked by Pune police for allegedly insulting the national flag, police said today.Based on the complaint of Lok Janshakti Party national secretary Ravi Brahme that Shah Rukh Khan allegedly insulted the tricolour in a video upload on Youtube , the Chatushringi police lodged an FIR against the actor on August 14.\"Shah Rukh Khan has been booked under sections of Prevention of Insults to National Honour Act, 1971. The case was registered on August 14 and has been transferred to Mumbai police for further investigation. The case documents consist some photos and videos too,\" a police officer said.Incidentally, Brahme had recently lodged a complaint against Mumbai-based model Gehna Vashisht for allegedly insulting the national flag by wearing it as a bikini.She was arrested on August 18 by Deccan Gymkhana police in Pune and released on bail, the next day.Meanwhile, Shah Rukh's manager in Mumbai was unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15579022", "title": "Assam Rifles\u2019 DG shunted out on fake bill?", "text": "NEW DELHI: In December 2010, Lieutenant General Rameshwar Roy took over as the Director General of Assam Rifles (DGAR).By February 2012, he was abruptly moved out, amid allegations that Lt Gen Roy had used discretionary funds for his wife's hair dressing in Kolkata. When the allegations emerged in public in September 2011, the then Army chief Gen V K Singh said, \"The issue is under investigation and we will take appropriate action as per the Army rules.\"In the 11 months since Gen Singh made that remark, neither the Army nor the home ministry has taken any action against Lt Gen Roy. Army headquarters refused to respond to a questionnaire from TOI, including why it did not constitute a Court of Inquiry (CoI) against Lt Gen Roy after making such damaging allegations. The home ministry, which is the administrative ministry of the paramilitary force, also did not respond to questions.But the silence is probably not surprising, given the sequence of events pieced together by TOI on the basis of official documents and corroborated by several sources.Lt Gen Roy may not have spent official money on his wife's hair do. The particular bill that led to Roy's transfer was for a total of Rs 23,000. This included Rs 21,330 for bed-cover, salwar suit, blanket etc, with a handwritten entry on top of the bill saying that Rs 1,670 was for a hair dresser in Kolkata.Sources in AR insist that only Rs 21,300 was actually paid. While, Rs 1,670 was noted on top of the bill as an afterthought and no payment may have been made for it. Significantly, the bill is dated on December 6, 2010, on which day Lt Gen Roy was travelling with his wife from Delhi to Shillong to take over as the new DG. He assumed charge the following day.Equally startling is the fact that the entire bill is from Sanjay Sachin Cloth Store in Kolkata's Munsi Bazar, which is a soapbox shop that doesn't stock the kind of expensive items shown in the bill. Hence, the bill seems to be fake or forged, and was probably used to embarrass and oust Lt Gen Roy.Interestingly, even while Gen Roy was still serving as the DG, efforts were on to replace him with Lt Gen A K Choudhary, who until recently was the director general of military operations (DGMO). Just as Lt Gen Roy completed a year as DG, Manipur chief minister O Ibobi Singh wrote to the then home minister P Chidambaram saying, \"I understand that the present DG/Assam Rifles is under transfer in the near future\", and that he would like \"the posting of Lt Gen A K Chowdhury\".By February, when Lt Gen Roy was under transfer, Army headquarters ignored the defence ministry and wrote directly to the home ministry, suggesting Chowdhury as the new DGAR. The defence ministry objected. The stalemate is still on, almost five months since Lt Gen Roy left AR.No action against blacklisted contractors In 2011, Lt Gen Roy and his deputy initiated steps to blacklist four firms, who had been major suppliers to the paramilitary force, after several irregularities were found, including forged bank guarantees. However, the home ministry is yet to initiate any further action on the contractors.On June 21, 2011, Syndicate Bank branch in Nehru Place, New Delhi, wrote to the Chief Engineer of the paramilitary force that five bank guarantees \u2014 together worth Rs 38.83 lakh \u2014 provided by Dynamic Shells and Sai Baba Builders from the branch were found to be fake. Both Dynamic Shells and Sai Baba Builders are sister concerns, headquartered in Delhi and promoted by Shambhu Prasad Singh, who is well connected to several military, bureaucratic and political leaders. In his resume, Singh claims to have worked in the central government in various capacities. In fact, during TOI investigations into AR affairs, Singh's name came up repeatedly.Singh refused to reply to a detailed questionnaire sent to him by TOI, and ignored SMSes and calls, though he had promised to meet this correspondent here.AR blacklisted both Dynamic Shells and Sai Baba Builders on November 2, 2011. The decision was conveyed to the home ministry, but no further legal action has been initiated against the companies for fake bank guarantees. The ministry did not respond to TOI's queries about its inaction.Similarly, Additional DG Maj Gen R K Lakhanpaul blacklisted Nagaland Trading Consortium on July 14, 2011. Lakhanpaul wrote: \"It is directed that M/S Nagaland Trading Consortium should be debarred from having any business dealing with this Assam Rifles and the name of notice firm is hereby to be treated as blacklisted from the approved list of Contractors of this Dte (directorate).\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15584945", "title": "Welcome relief for Durand Cup, gets a sponsor", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a boost to Asia's oldest football tournament, the Durand Cup, an NRI-owned London-based multi-national corporation, Anglian Holdings, has chipped in as a sponsor after mobile cellular giant Micromax pulled out of the event at the last minute.Anglian Holdings, which is owned by an Indian entrepreneur Uday Narang and also holds 26 per cent stake at I-League side Shillong Lajong, termed its decision to associate with the third oldest football tournament in the world as an \"emotional\" one.\"We were shocked that Asia's oldest and world's third oldest tournament was struggling to find a sponsor. We heard about Micromax pulling out at the last minute. So we decided to pitch in to support the tournament. It was an emotional decision,\" Anglian Holdings chief strategic officer Sandeep Narang said.The main round of the tournament will begin from August 23 at the Ambedkar Stadium here with the final scheduled for September 1.Sandeep, brother of Uday, said this time the company was just supporting the Durand Cup by providing monetary support but would look for a long-term association in the future.\"The Indian Army which is holding the tournament through Durand Football Tournament Society is happy with our support. This time we are just giving financial help but we are looking at improving the profile of the tournament,\" Sandeep said.\"We will have a meeting with Durand Society people next month to discus how to raise the profile of the tournament. We are looking for a long-term association to jointly work with the strategic intent of enhancing the standards of the tournament via a marketing and promotional deal as well,\" he added.Commenting on Anglian Holding's association with the 125th edition of the Durand Cup, Chairman Durand Football Tournament Society Lt General VK Pillai said, \"We welcome Anglian Holdings into the folds of the Durand Cup as a co-sponsor and appreciate their gesture of coming forward to promote the prestigious tournament. We look forward to a long association for promoting football in the country.\"The tournament had suffered a huge setback after main sponsors Micromax, which had promised Rs 35.5 lakh in writing, backed out in the last moment, citing over-spending in the recently held five-match ODI cricket series between India and Sri Lanka as the reason.This forced the organisers to reduce the overall budget, which was a whopping Rs 1.54 crore last year.In the 125th edition of the tournament this year, the total prize money on offer is Rs 20 lakh -- winners will get Rs 10 lakh, while runners-up will pocket Rs 5 lakh and semi-finalists Rs 2.5 lakh each. Whereas last year, the winner alone took home Rs 20 lakh, runners-up got Rs 10 lakh and semi-finalists received Rs 5 lakh each.The tournament will be held in two phases -- knock-out stage, which has already started from August 16 and quarter-final league round, which will commence on August 23.In the knock-out round, 16 teams are fighting for three places up for grabs in the quarter-final league stage.In the quarter-final league round, it will be a 12-team affair -- eight I-League teams ( Pune FC , Air India, HAL, Pailan Arrows, Sporting Club de Goa, ONGC, Dodsal Mumbai and Sesa de Goa), three qualifying teams from knock-out round and one services team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15578540", "title": "Pray, eat and love is family's way to celebrate", "text": "BANGALORE: Shiny trays stuffed with egg pudding and fudge and sweet smell of freshly made sheer corma greeted guests as they kept dropping in at Nooraine Fazal's residence in Maruti Seva Nagar in Banaswadi. While her mother Nafees Fazal gave her the Eid gift (Eidee), Nooraine sought her blessing by kissing her hand.Eid was celebrated with great zest by Nooraine, the managing trustee and CEO of Inventure Academy as the family ended the month of fasting. The setting was perfect with family, friends, gifts and lots of food.Nafees, pointing to the white envelope carrying the gift money, said, \"This is the gift given by the eldest member of the family. After we hand it over to the young ones, they seek our blessings.\"As the family members sat together and enjoyed the warmth, friends and guests kept coming and joined the family. \"The 30 days of fasting is to make you realize the importance of food and the pain poor people go through. Every Muslim is also supposed to distribute 2.5% of his total wealth among the poor during the month of Ramzan. It's believed that the more you give, the more you gain,\" said Ameen Rahman, Nooraine's maternal uncle.For the Fazals, the day began before sunrise. Family members offered prayers and left for the nearby mosque. \"It's also the meeting point of friends and families. We meet and greet each other on this day. Today is the day when we finish reading the last chapter of the Quran and then head to our family graveyard to offer prayer for the departed,\" said Nooraine.After prayers at the mosque, it was time for a sumptuous lunch. \"Biryani is a must for the day. It's a dish enjoyed by everyone and it's also made differently on Eid. After the month-long fasting, it's a wonderful treat,\" said Ameen.Amid the feasting, it was time to exchange greetings with family and friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "15579607", "title": "Cong builds house of dreams on Narendra Modi\u2019s turf", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thousands of poor voters of Gujarat surged towards Congress camps for distributing forms for dirt-cheap urban housing \u2014 a promise the Congress has made only to women in a determined bid to prevent chief minister Narendra Modi from winning his third successive state election.The scheme targets lower and lower-middle income groups in the cities and towns of Gujarat and gave a shot in the arm to the jaded Congress, just months away from the assembly elections. The Congress has not tasted power in Gujarat for more than two decades and the 'Ghar Nu Ghar' scheme was one of the aces it had up its sleeve to halt Modi's march to New Delhi in 2014 as a clear prime ministerial prospect.There was commotion at form distribution centres and frayed nerves in the Modi camp when the distribution of forms began at 550 camps across Gujarat. The Congress, which marked Rajiv Gandhi's birthday with this blitzkrieg, has offered houses to be registered in the name of women. State Congress president Arjun Modhwadia said nearly 28 lakh forms were distributed in eight cities and 159 towns with a target of building 15 lakh homes in five years if the Congress was voted to power in the assembly elections due later this year.\"We have ordered for printing of 10 lakh more forms,\" senior Congress leader Narhari Amin said. Other Congress leaders were also pleasantly surprised at the mad rush , even as Modi went into a huddle with close aides. Even his 'Sadbhavana' towards Muslims seemed to be under threat as hundreds of Muslim women forgot the Eid festivities to queue up for the forms, which were available free on mere presentation of the voter's i-card.BJP reacted by calling 'Ghar nu Ghar' a conspiracy to misguide the women voters of Gujarat. \"Congress is in the habit of cheating people,\" said party spokesmen I K Jadeja and Mansukh Mandaviya. \"In the last Lok Sabha election, they promised to check inflation within 100 days and look where we are today,\" Jadeja said.The scheme seems to have hit the bull's eye as women are seen as more committed voters of Modi. Besides, the BJP has been traditionally stronger in urban areas of Gujarat. The Congress hopes that all those women who have taken the forms would elect it to power.Housing for urban poor was a hallmark of previous Congress governments when the Gujarat Housing Board constructed precisely 1,76,830 homes in the 1970s and 1980s. Once the BJP came to power, the GHB went defunct and housing was a subject left to the builders.Trouble for BJP on home frontThe BJP had initially reacted with scorn at the Congress scheme 'Ghar nu Ghar'. Even chief minister Narendra Modi had brushed it aside stating that this was the brainchild of fly-by-night operators. But when the Congress launched the scheme on August 2, on the occasion of Rakshabandhan, nearly one lakh forms were distributed to women from the Gujarat Pradesh Congress Committee office in Ahmedabad and nine other centres across Gujarat.The BJP had to sit up and take notice now. Former urban development minister I K Jadeja, now party spokesman, came with an announcement that the BJP will build 2.5 lakh houses for urban poor, once voted back to power. Questions were also raised by the BJP on where the Congress would get land for building these lakhs of houses. Congress campaign committee chief Shankersinh Vaghela had retorted that he would seize all the 'benami' land held by BJP leaders and also take back land gifted to large industrial houses.Times ViewThe Congress has finally managed an emotional connect with the people of Gujarat with the 'Ghar nu Ghar' scheme. But it is after all an election promise and there is a massive gulf between the cup and the lip. What the Congress scheme has shown is that there is a massive demand for affordable housing in the state. The BJP has to explain why it has turned the Gujarat Housing Board, which built nearly 1.75 lakh affordable homes during previous Congress regimes, into a defunct entity. The GHB has to be revived and turned into the main agency to cater to the housing needs of those left without a dream home in this builder-driven set-up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "15579108", "title": "Taleigao celebrates Konsachem Fest today", "text": "PANAJI: The villagers of Taleigao will be continuing a tradition celebrated for nearly half a millennium when they celebrate the harvest feast, Konsachem Fest, on August 21.The August 21 feast gets the four days of festivities underway. A brass band will go through the village at dawn playing music and getting people into the festive mood. The feast mass will be celebrated at 9.30am.Before the mass, the congregation, carrying a large image of the patron, St Michael, accompanies the priest and the feast's president (under a red umbrella) in a procession to the designated field where after blessing the field, the sheaves of rice are harvested with a silver sickle by the president and the priest and brought in procession to the church on a large silver plate, said Torres Martins, who was president of the feast in 1981.The sheaves are kept on the altar, and some are symbolically offered to God during the mass offertory.The following day, the president accompanied by a brass band, goes house-to-house distributing fov (pressed rice) to all the gaunkar families of the village. On August 23, the harvested sheaves and fov are offered to the parish priest in the evening and taken to the parochial house after a short prayer service in the church.On August 24, the last day of festivities, a 14-member group including the president and nine representatives of the nine vangors along with the three-member comunidade managing committee go to the Se Cathedral, Old Goa, for mass. Other faithful accompany them in a separate bus.After the mass, some of the blessed fov and sheaves (offerings) are given to the custodian of the cathedral and also distributed to the faithful, said Martins. The group then proceeds to the Bishop's palace in Altinho to present the archbishop with the offerings. The group then proceeds to the Raj Bhavan and presents the governor with the sheaves and fov.The honour of presenting the governor with the first harvest was bestowed on the villagers of Taleigao for providing Afonso de Albuquerque and his Portuguese fleet with food and provisions when they were starving in their boats in the Mandovi, awaiting reinforcements after an unsuccessful battle with the Adil Shah.From Raj Bhavan, the group proceeds to the president's house for a lunch which comprises 12 different dishes.The president plays an important role in this feast. He is chosen by rotation from the nine vangors (gaunkar families) - Abreu, Almeida, Falcao, Faria, Gomes, Luis, Martins, Mendonca and Viegas, said Thomas Faria, treasurer of the Taleigao communidade and president of the feast in 2011.Estonio Almeida, the president of the feast, this year, said \"It is my privilege to celebrate the feast as a member of the first Vangor after 38 years.\"Though the feast is replete with symbolism, some of the traditional aspects of the feast are not part of the festivities anymore. Martins narrated how he revived the addao, a group of tribal farmers wearing colourful costumes and dancing, when he celebrated the feast in 1981 as president alongwith the other Martins families. The addao was stopped after a year. The dhirio (bull fights) were also stopped over a decade ago.In times when fields are destroyed for mega projects, Fr Francis Fernandes, parochial administrator, St Michael's church, Taleigao, appealed to people to save the fields and utilize them for farming. \"Don't sell them for material gains. Money will come and go, but land is a lifelong treasure. Taleigao soil is rich and fertile. Those cultivating their fields, despite doing other jobs need to be congratulated,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "15584551", "title": "Top vets back Bokaro big cat", "text": "BOKARO: Feline health experts and veterinary doctors from various parts of the country have been sending their advice for treatment of Satpuda, the white male tiger Bokro Zoo suffering from paralysis and bed sores on its hind legs. For the past one and half months, staff and vets of the Jawaharlal Nehru Biological (JNB) Park are struggling to save the tiger. However, finding no improvement in his condition, they have requested experts from across the country to provide guidance in curing the big cat.G Chakrobarty, assistant general manager of the JNB park and a vet, is relieved that doctors from Tata Zoo, and National Zoological Park in New Delhi among others have responded with a suitable line of treatment for the tiger. Besides, famous feline expert Dr R Jani, associate professor in the department of medicine at Anand Agriculture University, Gujarat, has also assured to visit Bokaro to help treat the ailing tiger.Satpuda was brought to Bokaro along with its female partner Ganga on January 20, 2012, from Maitri Bagh in Chattisgarh's Bhilai district in exchange of an Emu, a peacock and parakeets. Bokaro Zoo is maintained by Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL). The tiger's condition deteriorated \u2014 it stopped moving and remained lying inside its cage. Chakrobarty provided the best possible medical help administering injections, painkillers and life-saving drugs, but his condition became worse when a few days after suffering paralysis he developed two bed sores on the hind legs.\"The tiger's wounds are dressed daily with normal saline water and Savlon. He is also given other medicines. There is no purulent discharge from the wound and the tiger is turned daily from one position to another. However, his appetite is normal and he consumes about 5kg of meat daily, which is a good sign,\" said Charobarty.The park official has also informed the Central Zoo Authourity (CZA) about the condition of the tiger and sought help from Indian Veterinary Research Institute (IVRI), Nandan Kanan, Odisha, Ranchi Zoo in this regard. Chakrobarty said: \"I have sent letters and e-mails with photos of the ailing tiger to several vets across the country seeking their advice. We have received resonses from some of them \u2014 including Dr Palit of Tata Zoo and Dr N Paniselvam of National Zoological Park and Dr Jani of Gujarat. We have incorporated the suggestion in the course of treatment.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "15582609", "title": "GPCB instals equipment in village to check air pollution", "text": "SURAT: The Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) placed a respirator dust sampler (RDS) at Baleswar village near here for four hours on Monday to check the presence of carbon dioxide and sulphur particles in the air. The equipment has been placed on the terrace of a house next to Baleswar Gram Panchayat office. This initiative follows revelation that carbon dust was used as fuel in many industrial units located at Gujarat Eco Textile Park, New Palsana Industrial Estate and areas located near Baleswar and Palsana in Surat district.GPCB vigilance officer C C Patel told TOI, \"This will give us an idea about carbon dioxide and sulphur dust in the air in this area. We will analyze the data and then take the required steps.\"The vigilance team of GPCB had in the past two days seized over 500 MT of carbon ash and is now taking water samples from more than 15 units located in the area. The team and the environment committee of Baleswar village also visited the insulator facility at Gujarat Eco Textile Park. The facility to take care of solid waste through a combustion process was not functioning.\"It is the solid waste disposal process that is giving us the maximum trouble. When solid waste is burnt, we get foul smell in our village,\" Hemant Patel, a member of environment committee, said.Excess carbon and sulphur dust particles can cause respiratory disorders in a human body. A person can feel suffocated and have chest pain and nausea. They can also cause watery eyes and affect one's lungs.GPCB chairman Kanu Mistry told TOI, \"We had received several complaints in the past four days and are looking into them.\"Meanwhile, GPCB vigilance team caught a truck with rubber and plastic waste near Baleswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15578469", "title": "Helpline phones go silent", "text": "There was a palpable sense of relief among people from the northeast. No fresh incidents of intimidation have been reported since Sunday.\"Calls of distress have virtually stopped. Only two such calls were received at our helplines between Sunday night and Monday evening. The telephones have gone silent,\" police commissioner B G Jyothi Prakash Mirji said on Monday.Nodal officer for safety of northeasterners VS D'Souza received 4,600 calls on his mobile phone which was one of the widely publicized helplines. \"We received 378 calls from citizens from various northeast states on the other numbers,\" Mirji said.D'Souza said 20 persons people have been arrested in connection with 16 cases registered against mischief-makers who sought to spread panic.DG Lalrokhuma Pachau and Mirji are expected to lead night patrols in various localities to instill confidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "adilabad", "code": "15577002", "title": "Compounder held for filming woman\u2019s delivery", "text": "ADILABAD: Police arrested a hospital compounder on charges of filming a woman giving birth to a baby and later sending the footage to the mobile phones of his friends. Sunil was beaten up by the woman's relatives who later handed him over to the police for his sick mentality. Sources said Sunil filmed the woman's delivery on his mobile phone when she was giving birth to the baby at a private nursing home in Myadaripeta village in Dandepalli mandal a couple of days back. Soon, he circulated the footage to several others.When the issue came to light on Monday, the relatives of the woman caught hold of Sunil and thrashed him. Sunil has been working as a compounder in the nursing home for the last six years. Police said they came across some nude images of women on his mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578168", "title": "NSUI plans protest on MA results", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Students' Union of India (NSUI) is planning to hold a protest on the issue of results of MA (Political Science). Apparently, over half the students who took the exam failed. Most of them had studied and written the paper in Hindi.The students' body is planning to protest against this \"discrimination on language basis.\"Members of NSUI also says that the discrimination is \"not limited\" to Political Science, but has been seen in \"courses like Philosophy, History,\" too. They argue that English medium students score higher percentages because of this.A statement by the group says it has \"raised the issue with the administration bur so far no action has been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578657", "title": "After tridents, no tender for ad project", "text": "KOLKATA: The controversy over trident lights is yet to die down, but the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has found itself in the eye of another storm of a similar nature, this time over alloting advertising rights on the median verges.The KMC's civil engineering department, which is in charge of beautifying the median verges of some of the city's major thoroughfares, has decided to hand over the advertising rights over parts of Sarat Bose Road (from Hazra crossing to the AJC Bose Road intersection) and Rashbehari Avenue (from the Rashbehari Avenue-SP Mukherjee Road intersection to Chetla bridge) to a particular hoarding agency without inviting a tender. In case of the trident lights, too, no tender was invited by the civic officials.The issue has created quite a flutter among a section of KMC officials. A senior official alleged that a city-based billboard agency was set to be favoured by a mayor-in-council member though a formal decision to award the advertising contract is yet to be taken. It will be taken at a meeting of the mayor-in-council in the near future, said the senior KMC official.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee, however, defended the agency which is set to bag the contract for installation of monopoles at Sarat Bose Road and Rashbehari Avenue. \"A particular agency provided us with the concept of beautification and maintenance of the median verge of the city's major thoroughfares by installing monopoles on these. That is why we have decided to take them into confidence while awarding the contract,\" Chatterjee said.Questions are also being raised in the civic corridor on how the Sarat Bose Road project could be termed as \"pilot\" when the same work on Chittaranjan Avenue is already under way and the tender for installation of monopoles has been floated. A proposal drafted by a KMC joint commissioner itself contradicts the fact. It states that the agency which will be handed over the advertising rights at Sarat Bose Road and Rashbehari Avenue will have to quote the same rate as done by the highest bidder for the Chittaranjan Avenue beautification project - which evidently came first.Dipankar De, chairman of the municipal accounts committee, came down heavily on the Trinamool Congress-run civic body for the alleged financial irregularities in the beautification project and the related advertising rights. \"Like the trident lights, this beautification project will also be a financial mess. How can the civic top brass even plan to allot the installation of monopoles to a particular billboard agency without inviting a tender? How can they treat it as pilot project just to favour a particular billboard agency?\" De complained.\"We can't support contracts being awarded to billboard agencies without tenders,\" said Congress councillor Mala Roy. \"I fear these financial irregularities will mean huge financial losses for the KMC,\" she added.Debasis Kumar, the local councillor and the MMiC, ruled out any financial irregularities in awarding advertising rights at Sarat Bose Road. \"If anybody has doubts, that person can move court,\" he challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579756", "title": "Dacoity attempt foiled at jewellery shop", "text": "PUNE: The Dattawadi police on Monday morning arrested three people and foiled a dacoity attempt at a jewellery shop on Sinhagad Road.The suspects have been identified as Rajendra Jadhav (35) of Sinhagad road, Sidharth Jadhav (24) of Kondhwa and Goraksh Ghorpade (29) of Shukrawar Peth. The police have seized sharp weapons and a van from the trio.The police said that two accomplices of the trio managed to flee from the spot.Senior police inspector of the Dattawadi police station Vijaysinh Gaikwad told TOI that police constable Machhindra Kharat received a tip-off that a criminal on police records, Rajendra Jadhav, and his four accomplices were preparing to commit a dacoity at a jewellery shop on Sinhagad Road. \"We laid a trap and nabbed Jadhav and two of his accomplices from the spot,\" he said.Gaikwad said that Jadhav has a previous criminal record. He has cases of murder and extortion registered against him.The investigating team comprised assistant police inspector Sampat Pawar, police sub-inspector Niraj Ubale, police constables Sachin Dhavale, Ganesh Sutar and Guru Naik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "15579475", "title": "Cops deny FIR copy to complainants", "text": "NAGPUR: Senior police officials may try to present a citizen friendly image of their force but ground level reality nullify that effort. Cases have come to fore where the city police denied copy of First Information Report (FIR) to the complainant in violation of the provisions of code of criminal procedure (CrPC), 1973.In case of kidnapping at Lakadganj police station registered eight months ago complainant could not a get a copy of FIR despite repeated visits. In another case, an officer made the complainant file an application under Right to Information Act, 2005, to get a copy of FIR from Sakkardara police station. This is in clear contravention of the provision of CrPC that mandates giving a copy 'forthwith, free of cost, to the informant'.Section 154 of CrpC provides the guidelines for lodging FIR in cognizable cases. While the sub-section (1) of 154 CrPC lays down the manner in which the information is to be reduced to writing by the officer in charge of the police station or under his direction, the clause (2) of same provision makes it mandatory for the police station officer to furnish a copy of the complaint which someone has furnished. It has often been seen that the police either avoid following the provision or do not tell the citizens of their rights.Sunil Thakur, a resident of Ganga Jamuna, has been running from pillar to post to get a copy of the FIR that his wife had lodged in December last year against the woman who allegedly forced her to work at a dance bar in Mumbai. An offence of kidnapping was registered at Lakadganj police station. Police are yet to furnish Thakur or his wife a copy of the FIR for reasons best known to them. On the contrary, there had been allegation against accused Bobby Khan who tried to temper the evidence but no action was taken against her.Senior inspector Rajendra Unawane of Lakadganj police station, who joined the police station couple of months back, said that he would ensure FIR copy was made available to the complainant but was unable to explain delay.In the other case, Chhaya Choudhari, despite being the complainant in the case, was made to file an application under RTI by an officer in order to get the FIR. Choudhari too had filed a case of kidnapping against unidentified racketeers who had taken away her sister-in-law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15585289", "title": "Danayya to release Pawan Kalyan\u2019s film in USA", "text": "Producer DVV Danayya, who is currently basking in the glory of his recent hit film \"Julayi\", will be releasing his upcoming movie Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu on his own in USA. Thrilled by Gabbar Singh and Julayi's fantastic trade reports and statistics in the overseas market, the leading producer has decided to release the Pawan Kalyan-starrer in the USA market.Cameraman Ganga tho Rambabu has already generated great buzz and is one of the much awaited movies of the year. Pawan's craze and super success of Gabbar Singh has prompted Danayya to try his luck in distribution in USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15585196", "title": "Aadhar centre at CME campus", "text": "PUNE: The College of Military Engineering (CME) in coordination with the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has set up exclusive Aadhar centres across its sprawling 3,600 acre campus at Dapodi along the Pune-Mumbai highway.The initiative is aimed at facilitating the 9,500 armed forces officers and employees, living on the campus, to register themselves for the Aadhar scheme without having to travel outside the campus and save precious time.Aadhaar is a 12 digit individual identification number issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) on behalf of the Government of India. This number will serve as a proof of identity and address, anywhere in India. Any individual, irrespective of age and gender, who is a resident in India and satisfies the verification process laid down by the UIDAI can enrol for Aadhaar.Each Aadhaar number will be unique to an individual and will remain valid for life. Aadhaar number will help you provide access to services like banking, mobile phone connections and other Govt and Non-Govt services in due course. The CME ranks of the Indian army's premier technical and tactical training institutes for the Corps of Engineers, which includes combat engineers, military engineering services, border roads organisation and survey. It's present campus at Dapodi falls under the Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal area, neighbouring Pune.Apart from the officers and employees, the campus has a large number of civilian staff, administrative support staff including vendors, domestic help and housekeepers.The PCMC, through its elected representative Sanjay K Kate, had offered its services to faclitate Aadhar enrolments as part of the UIDAI's ongoing national initiative.Officiating commandant of CME Major General Satish Prabhakar Nawathe was the first officer to be enrolled at the Aadhar centre during a formal ceremony to mark the commencement of the enrolment process on the CME campus. The Aadhar enrolments at the CME are expected to be completed in a month's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584395", "title": "Over 50,000 from NE have fled various cities", "text": "GUWAHATI: The exodus of the people from the northeast from various cities continues with the Centre and the state governments failing to ensure security and instill confidence in NE students and workers.A New Delhi-based human rights group has put the number of fleeing NE people from various cities at 50,000. Suhas Chakma, director of Asian Centre for Human Rights (ACHR) said over 50,000 people from the northeast have fled to their homeland so far. These include at least 30,000 from Bangalore, about 6,000 from Pune, 5,000 from Chennai and 9,000 from places like Hyderabad, Mysore, Mumbai, Nasik, and Aurangabad.The exodus began in the wake of threats being issued to NE people following the Bodo-Musilm riots in the BTC areas. About 10 NE students were also attacked in Pune. \"The Centre and respective state governments cannot shy away from the responsibility to identify the sources of the doctored MMS and SMS, which instilled fear among the NE people residing outside the region, said Chakma. tnnThe ACHR has demanded that the Union home minister Sushil Kuman Shinde come up with a holistic solution to the suffering of the northeastern people and take effective steps for their safety and security on their return to the respective places. The New Delhi-based rights' body urged the Union home ministry and the respective state governments to create a necessary environment where the NE people can file complaint against threats and assault.Other suggestions put forward by ACHR include taking immediate steps to identify those spreading the SMS and MMS or intimidating the NE people and try them in fast track courts. It also asked the state governments in the northeast to direct the deputy commissioners of each district to launch a helpline and register the people who have returned from other parts of the country.It also urged the Centre to create official help desks at the state level in Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Maharashtra and other states under the supervision of the Union home ministry, which shall have the responsibility to negotiate with the companies for recruitment of those who had to leave their jobs because of the threats.ACHR also demanded that the Centre provide one-time financial assistance to the returnees to re-start their lives. It also demanded that educational institutions provide concessions for attendance to the students who have fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "15579125", "title": "2 PWD plumber apprentices threaten hunger strike", "text": "MAPUSA: Two persons who are working as apprentices with the public works department (PWD) have threatened to go on a hunger strike if the government fails to give them justice as their registration for apprenticeship has not been registered with the craftsmen training department.Sadashiv Naik and Shailesh Haldankar had joined as plumber apprentices at the PWD Porvorim office on November 9, 2009. As per rules, the contract of the apprentices had to be registered with state directorate of craftsmen training within a month of their joining as apprentices.The PWD failed to register their names with the directorate of craftsmen training, despite having the forms. After the completion of the two-andhalf-year apprenticeship, PWD sent a relieving order to Naik and Haldankar saying that their contract was over.Naik and Haldankar then went to the directorate of craftsmen training asking whether their training was registered as they had to answer an exam to get their certificates.On inquiry, they were told that their services were not registered and that they could not answer the exam. They were also shocked to know that the PWD had sent their registration forms in May 2012 which should have been actually sent in December 2009.PWD water supply division executive engineer K H Kamaladini accepted his mistake that his office has not registered their services. \"I accepted that it was a mistake on our part, we will see what can be done to solve their problem,\" Kamaladini said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "15578403", "title": "Nashik builders register with sales tax department", "text": "NASHIK: Following instructions, builders in the city have started registering with the sales tax department of the state government.Moreover, the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association (CREDAI) has reportedly decided to pay value added tax (VAT) of 1% from April 1, 2010 , while the matter of paying backdated VAT for the past four years from April 1, 2006 to March 31, 2010 is pending with the Supreme Court. The hearing is set for August 31.The state has levied 1% VAT on builders from April 1, 2006. The builders were ready to pay tax from April 2010, but denied to pay VAT for the past four years and had moved the Supreme Court against the government's decision to pay backdated tax from 2006-2010.There are around 350 builders in the city, out of which, around 204 builders are members of the CREDAI. The sales tax department had recently instructed the city builders to get registered and start paying VAT at the earliest.\"Most builders have already registered themselves with the sales tax department. We are ready to pay VAT from April 1, 2010. But the state has directed to pay backdated VAT from April 2006 to March 2010 and we have already moved Supreme Court on this issue. The builders have already sold out flats during this period and logically it will not proper to recover 1% tax from the consumers. This will be injustice to consumers,\" a member of CREDAI, told TOI on condition of anonymity.\"We have still not decided on the issue of paying backdated VAT as the issue is pending with the Supreme Court and hearing is to be held on August 31,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15582625", "title": "Nimbe Huli has a different pattern of narration: Hemanth", "text": "Actor-Director Hemanth Hegde who has already directed films like 'Ooh La La', 'House Full' and others is now directing the film 'Nimbe Huli' for Muktha Arts owned by Bollywood's showman Subhash Ghai.Speaking at the press meet of the film, Hemanth Hegde said that the story and conent part of the film can not be revealed much, though he can promise a good entertainer for the audience.\"The film has a different pattern of narration. It has three heroines\" said Hemanth Hegde.Subhash Ghai described his latest Kannada flick 'Nimbe Huli' as a romantic comedy and said that he has full trust in the capabilities of his director Hemanth Hegde. \"I am very sure this film will do well at the boxoffice\" said Ghai. Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578150", "title": "Sand mafia miffed at move to issue passes online", "text": "KOCHI: The move to issue sand passes online has met with stiff opposition from the sand mafia, which in cohorts with 'kadavu' committees are stonewalling the project.The plan to computerise the issuance of passes for purchasing sand would dilute the powers of 'kadavu' committees, who issued passes till now and controlled the trade with the help of the sand mafia.Once the centralised system becomes a reality, it will put an end to the misuse of passes by various 'kadavu' committees in charge of issuing passes, according to the district administration.\"The 'kadavu' committees and some of the panchayats have come up against the proposal. There are some objections from vested interests. But we have decided to go ahead with the project at any cost,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.When the system becomes operational, data, such as the number of passes issued at a particular 'kadavu,' can be monitored from the district headquarters.\"Cases of illegal trade has been widely reported from the Koovappady panchayat. The case is same with the Okkal panchayat as well. Joining hands with the sand mafia, panchayat authorities often loot the public,'' said K P Shaji, member, Okkal PanchayatAs per norms, a person who requires sand should submit an application before the panchayat authorities.The 'kadavu' committee would then allot passes on the basis of seniority.But the mafia could easily manipulate the system. \"After getting a pass issued for a particular destination, they will duplicate the pass and transport them to other places,\" Pareeth said.\"The sand mafia would bribe panchayat authorities and 'kadavu' committees to bypass the system. That's why the committees are now raising objections to the proposal to centralise the system,\" he said.The collector said Kadavu committees, with the help of their political patrons, have started efforts to thwart the move. \"They have already made it clear that they will not cooperate with the project in any way. The new system will stop the committees from issuing more passes than the allotted number for the day. Besides, there will be holograms on passes to check duplication,\" Pareeth said. Despite strong opposition, the district administration is planning to introduce the new system by October, when the temporary ban on sand mining ends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "15579809", "title": "Hearing on changes in DC rules", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri-Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) will be conducting a public hearing on August 22 on its proposal to include a provision in the development control (DC) rules to allow 2.5 Floor Space Index (FSI) for housing projects for poor people.However, Shiv Sena corporator Seema Savale has termed the PCNTDA's move to make changes in the DC rules as illegal.She said the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) has started the project to construct 15,000 houses under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) scheme on a 53-hectare plot in Chikhli. The state government and the PCNTDA are ready to allow 2.5 FSI for the project, but no change has been made in the DC rules yet, which Savale termed as inappropriate.Savale added that in the first place there is no provision for slum rehabilitation or integrated housing projects in the Development Plan (DP) of the PCNTDA. She said it is not clear how FSI was being granted for a project that has no reservation in the DP.Savale further said that under the JNNURM it is mandatory to prepare a city development plan (CDP) for the slum rehabilitation or integrated housing project and get it approved from the Union government.She said that since the PCNTDA has not prepared such a CDP, its proposal for allotment of 2.5 FSI is meaningless.\"Moreover, the state government has approved 2.5 FSI for special authorities and not the PCNTDA. So there is more possibility for its misuse, if it is granted to the PCNTDA.\" Savale said she will present the views at the hearing on Wednesday on behalf of the Shiv Sena.Yogesh Mhase, chief executive officer, PCNTDA, could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15584634", "title": "Sony Mobile announces Xperia SL", "text": "Sony Mobile has officially announced an upgraded version of the Xperia S. The smartphone called Sony Xperia SL shows on the company's global website listed as 'coming soon'.Sony Xperia SL is powered by a 1.7GHz Qualcomm MSM8260 dual core processor and runs Android 4.0 ICS out of the box. It sports a 4.3-inch scratch-resistant display with 1280x720 pixel resolution.The rear camera is 12.1 megapixel with 16x digital zoom and LED flash. There's also a 1.3 megapixel camera in the front.Apart from this, Xperia SL sports NFC, 3G, Wi-Fi, DLNA and a GPS.The smartphone weighs 144gm and will be available in white, black, pink and grey colours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579314", "title": "Asiatic lion cubdies at city zoo", "text": "PATNA: A newly-born Asiatic lion cub died at the Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, better known as Patna zoo, on Sunday night while another is being treated at the park's veterinary hospital.The two Asiatic lion cubs were born on August 15. According to zoo authorities, it was the first time the lioness, Saraswati, had given birth to cubs. She was, however, unable to take proper care of the cubs. The lioness was not breastfeeding them. The Asiatic lion couple is young and inexperience of the lioness led to death of the, according to the zoo authorities. The lioness and the cubs were kept in a night shelter with a dark room and a night vision-enabled close circuit television camera was installed there to monitor them.The Asiatic lion couple was brought here from the Hyderabad zoo in August 2011.The zoo authorities have put another cub in an incubator due to physical injury caused by the lioness. Veterinary doctors are feeding Lactogen to the cub as supplementary milk instead of breast milk. They are also using buffalo milk to balance the nutrition level of the cub.\"Our prime focus while bringing any new animal here under exchange programmes is to check their health and age. We try to bring animals approaching adulthood. All the animals which we have brought under the last four exchange programmes are between 2.5-5 years. Animals of such age can easily adapt to any kind of changes in surroundings, which helps in breeding of animals,\" said Abhay Kumar, director, Patna zoo. However, 23 animals have died at the biological park since 2010. They include one tiger, two giraffe cubs and the newly-born Asiatic lioness cub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "dombivli", "code": "15578230", "title": "BJP observes bandh in Dombivli over plot", "text": "DOMBIVLI: Political parties observed a bandh on Monday following an IPS officer's claims over a plot of land, a part of which has been occupied by a temple.Autorickshaws and buses did not ply in Domibivli (W) but there was no impact in the east. Shops anyway remain closed on Monday in Dombivli. Police arrested BJP MLA Ravindra Chavan and few party workers and later released them on bail. The protesters damaged two autorickshaws and punctured tyres of private vehicles and Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Transport (KDMT) buses making commuting difficult for the public. \"To avoid any untoward incident during the bandh we had deployed around 225 policemen across the city and no any major incident was reported,\" said, Manoj Patil, deputy commissioner of police.IPS officer Mari-Lou Fernandes had claimed her father had gifted her 5.11 acres of land in Manpada. The famous Pimpleshwar temple has occupied an acre of the land. The temple trust and the IPS officer are involved in a tussle over the ownership and the Bombay high court is hearing the dispute.A meeting was held on August 15 between the two trustees and Fernandes in the presence of police and senior politicians from Dombivli but they failed to resolve the issue.All political parties' leaders, including two local MLAs Ravindra Chavan of BJP and Ramesh Patil of MNS, supported the trust.Fernandes who claims ownership of 5.11 acres was ready for a compromise by giving away 1 acre to the Pimpleshwar temple and half an acre to the villagers' welfare centre, but the trustees claimed she did not have the power to do so, as she did not possess the documents showing her rights over the property.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "15583039", "title": "I will watch Odisha move ahead: Governor", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Murlidhar Chandrakant Bhandare, who completed five years as Governor of Odisha on Monday, said he would continue to hold charge till his successor is declared.\"Whenever my successor is announced I will go. Till then, I will continue,\" Bhandare told mediapersons, adding, \"Wherever I am, I will watch Odisha move ahead and ahead.\" Till late Monday evening, the President's office was yet to make public its decision on whether Bhandare would get an extension or will be replaced. \"As the last three days were holidays due to the weekend and Id celebrations, the Rashtrapati Bhavan might send come communique shortly,\" a source said.Sources said though Bhandare has completed his normal term of five years he can continue in office till his reliever comes. According to a provision under Article 156 (which deals with term of office of Governor) of the Constitution, the governor \"shall, notwithstanding the expiration of his term, continue to hold office until his successor enters upon his office\".Bhandare, who was sworn in as the state's 34th gubernator on August 21, 2007, replacing Rameshwar Thakur, hailed Odisha as the 'richest' state in the country in terms of mineral as well as cultural resources. \"Culturally, Odisha is the richest and I have tried to maintain and promote it,\" he said, predicting that Odisha will rise to become a topmost state in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578800", "title": "Bengal's first skin bank set to come up at SSKM", "text": "KOLKATA: Here's good news on the health front. Bengal's first skin bank is all set to come up at SSKM Hospital after a wait of almost eight years. The bank will help victims with severe burns, skin injuries and those requiring plastic surgery.City-based plastic surgeons have hailed the move. \"The proposal for such a skin bank was first forwarded in 2004 to the then health minister Surjya Kanta Mishra. Bengal was lacking such a facility for decades whereas Maharashtra had four such facilities. We were initially disheartened as we couldn't convince Mishra about the requirement,'' said Bijay Majumdar, head of the plastic surgery department, SSKM Hospital.According to plastic surgeons, a skin bank is a facility where the skin donated by a person can be preserved for a few hours after his death and can be utilized by those requiring skin grafting.The skin is harvested or collected from various parts of a body with a specific machine called 'electro dermatome'. To harvest the skin, a written consent has to be obtained from family members of the deceased person - much like the cornea donation.Usually, in absence of a skin bank, skin grafting is done by harvesting the skin from the same person who is being operated upon or a relative of the patient. \"On many occasions, I have felt that a skin bank could have helped us a lot as many patients succumbed to death due to infection and septisemia,'' said Prasanta Bhattacharya, a city-based plastic surgeon of Ramakrishna Mission Seva Pratisthan.\"Skin grafting is necessary for persons with 70% burns . You don't require antigen matching but other serological tests like HIV 1,HIV 2 and hepatitits on donated skins have to be performed before preserving the harvested skin,'' added Bhattacharya.The SSKM Hospital authorities said that process had already been initiated to purchase the required equipment and sensitize all departments about the facility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "15578252", "title": "Private bus strike called off", "text": "KOCHI: Private bus workers who threatened to go on strike on Tuesday have called off the move after holding discussions late into the night on Monday with the district administration.The token strike was announced by the Private Bus Thozhilali Federation (AITUC), demanding a hike in bonus. But bus owners and workers agreed to solve the issues amicably without posing any difficulties to the public .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15583400", "title": "Soon, tasty drugs for diabetes, cancer", "text": "University of Illinois scientists have found compounds in Illinois blueberry and blackberry wines that inhibit enzymes responsible for carbohydrate absorption and assimilation.The finding could provide a tasty way to help people with diabetes decrease their blood sugar.\"We're thinking about a dealcoholized fermented fruit beverage that would optimize the inhibition of the alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase enzymes and also make use of the wines' other healthful bioactive components,\" said Elvira de Mejia, a U of I professor of food chemistry and food toxicology.Graduate student Michelle Johnson evaluated the nutritional value of 19 Illinois wines, deciding on a blueberry-blackberry blend for maximum effectiveness.In the in vitro study, the scientists compared the anti-carb effects of the alpha-amylase and alpha-glucosidase enzymes with acarbose, an anti-diabetes drug. The carb-degrading enzymes were inhibited in a range of 91.8 per cent for alpha-amylase compared to acarbose and 103.2 percent for alpha-glucosidase compared to acarbose, de Mejia said.The study is the first to assess the effect of berry fermentation at different temperatures on these carb-inhibiting enzymes. At both room and cold (4 degree C) temperatures, berry wine retained the ability to degrade the enzymes, she said.In a second study, Johnson quantified the antioxidant, polyphenol, and anthocyanin content of blueberry and blackberry wines. Her proposed blend contains an abundance of these bioactive compounds, which add to its healthful properties.The researchers are particularly interested in the ability of anthocyanins to reduce inflammation, which contributes to the development of many chronic illnesses, including cancer , metabolic disease, and cardiovascular disease. To that end, they are experimenting with the berries' effects on inflammatory cells, and they have found that anthocyanins reduce markers associated with the inflammatory response.\"Preliminary studies have indicated that anthocyanins may have a positive effect on cognition and overall brain health while protecting against some of the effects of aging , such as Alzheimer's disease and memory loss. These berries have some very intriguing components,\" de Mejia said.A food chemist, de Mejia would like to remove the alcohol from the wines, leaving the carb-degrading enzyme compounds, the inflammation-fighting anthocyanins, and other beneficial bioactive components in a functional and flavourful drink for diabetics and others.The bioactive ingredients could also be added to any prepared beverage to give it colour, flavour, and nutritional punch, making them useful to the food industry, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "15582360", "title": "Dudhsagar eyes national market with new milk brand", "text": "VADODARA: Mehsana-based Dudhsagar Dairy is eyeing a national market for its newly launched milk pouches that have a shelf life of 90 days even at room temperature. Besides launching the product soon in the national capital region through its Manesar plant in Haryana, the dairy is also looking to market it in other parts of the country and state under the brand Amul.The Sagar Moti brand of milk launched recently by the dairy is treated with the ultra high temperature (UHT) technique by the dairy. It is also packed in special multi-layered pouches that ensure that the milk is not polluted.\"We want to ensure that milk is sold at a grocery shop, pan shop or vegetable market through the day. It is often difficult to find milk late in the day after the stock that is provided in the morning is sold out,\" said Dudhsagar Dairy chairman Vipul Chaudhary, who was on Saturday also chosen the unanimous chairman of Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets brand Amul.With Chaudhary taking over as the chairman of GCMMF, the ambitious plans of having the product under the Amul umbrella is a distinct possibility. \"We want to distribute it state-wide and then at the national level,\" Chaudhary said.Dudhsagar Dairy executive director P R Patel said the milk is first heated at 138 degrees celsius and then cooled ensuring that all pathogen in it are killed. \"We then pack it in packets using special films that have three layers,\" said Patel adding that if more layers were used, the shelf life can be increased.Patel said the Manesar plant would start production of the milk pouches by next month. He said the GCMMF, Sumul Dairy and Karnataka were also showing interest in the project. \"It is a matter of time before the project is replicated elsewhere,\" he added.Besides the longer shelf life, the milk is also good for nutrition as it is fortified with vitamins A and B. \"Like our regular milk, it can also be used to make other milk products and sweets. It is also easy to digest,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15578994", "title": "Plan panel seeks to rewrite India\u2019s climate change stance", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Planning Commission's attempt to rewrite the international and domestic obligations of the government on climate change in the 12th five-year plan, with a push for greater commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, has miffed the environment ministry.The draft of the chapter on climate change finalized by the plan panel, accessed by TOI, also dilutes India's long-standing position that a bulk of funds for adaptation as well as emission reduction measures should come from developed countries.The Planning Commission has made a strong push for the government to generate the funds domestically and through the private financing route. It has made a pitch for opening the country to a cap-and-trade business in emissions - something that has been strictly off the charts for the country in its international stance.Sources told TOI that the environment ministry has sent a letter to the Planning Commission asking it to bring the chapter in line with the existing government policy on climate change.The plan panel's chapter also lends India to accepting a global peaking level of emissions - something the government has strongly opposed through the last two decades warning that it would not accept a global cap until the burden-sharing formula between the countries to reduce emissions was decided on the basis of equity and historical burden. The plan panel's chapter ignores this policy red line.The PM's council on climate change is the apex body which decides on the domestic climate change policy while the environment ministry along with the ministry for external affairs draws up the international policy on climate change. Any changes in the climate change policy require the approval of the Union Cabinet.The plan panel's climate change chapter has also reorganized and restructured the eight National Missions which were cleared by the PM's council on climate change without any prior approval even though the missions are now in the middle of implementation. \"We need to shorten the list of Missions and separate out three policy thrust areas from the existing Missions that need to be monitored on a standalone basis,\" the chapter says.India has consistently stated in the climate change negotiations that any steps beyond its voluntary measures to reduce emissions would have to be financially provided for by the developed countries. But the Planning Commission has advocated several enhanced domestic commitments on the basis of an interim report of an expert group it had set up under Kirit Parikh. The Parikh report has not been approved by the government as it has not given the final version which was to include the costs and benefits of the various commitments it proposed. The chapter says, \"The most obvious source of financing for climate change action is the government budgetary support. Most of it would come as sectoral finance.\"It adds, quoting the Kirit Parekh interim report, \"It projects emission intensity reduction over the 2005 levels (measured in grams CO2 equivalents per rupee of GDP) by 23-25% by 2020 in the 'determined effort' scenario, which could increase to 33-35% by 2020 in the 'aggressive effort' scenario. The 'determined effort' scenario assumes effective implementation of mitigation policies that require continuous upgradation of technology as well as finance from both public and private sources.\"Oddly, the Planning Commission has ignored the report of the steering committee specifically set up to draft the environment and climate change chapter of the 12th five-year plan. The steering committee included all relevant ministries as well as other experts and its report was meant to be the basis for the final chapter.In side-stepping the steering committee report, the plan panel has re-oriented the direction of the climate change chapter away from a stronger policy on adaptation to largely a mitigation-based approach, taking the wind out of India's international stance that its priority at the moment was adaptation, finance and technology while it was ready to undertake only those mitigation actions that did not draw away additional resources from the domestic economic agenda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "15579342", "title": "Varsities for students' union polls", "text": "PATNA: Universities in Bihar are likely to have duly-elected students' union soon after a gap of nearly three decades, thanks to the initiative taken by the state government.Ever since the state government directed the universities to hold elections to the students' union, the universities have started gearing up for the same. The union elections are, however, to be held as per the recommendations of the Lyngdoh Committee.Patna University vice-chancellor Shambhu Nath Singh is the first VC to announce the conduct of students' union elections. He made this announcement while unfurling the national flag on Independence Day at Patna College. Later, similar announcements came from the VCs of other universities, including Magadh University. Singh, when contacted, said he was all for having a duly-elected students' union for redressal of genuine demands of students. A committee of senior teachers of PU would be constituted in a day or two to go through the details of the Lyngdoh Committee recommendations and suggest ways for peaceful conduct of union elections. The said committee would also study the mode of students' union elections being conducted in Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU), Delhi University ( DU) and some other state universities.Singh said a foolproof mechanism would be adopted for holding elections to the university students' union as it would be held after a very long gap. The university would also decide on an appropriate time for conducting the elections this year as the term-end examinations of the first semester of post-graduation courses (introduced from the current academic session) are to be held in December, Singh added.It may be mentioned here that elections to the students' unions in the state's varsities, save Bhagalpur University, have not been held for the last 28 years. The last election to the Patna University Students' Union (PUSU) was held in 1984. Both the Bihar State Universities Act, 1976, and the Patna University Act, 1976, provide for students' union at the university level for raising the causes and grievances of students.It is, however, yet to be seen how the leaders of different student organizations, including National Students' Union of India, Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad, Chhatra JD (U), All India Students' Federation, All India Students' Association and Chhatra RJD and LJP, respond to the proposed union elections. If the elections are held strictly as per Lyngdoh Committee recommendations, there would be an age limit for both undergraduate and postgraduate students contesting the elections. Besides, the candidates must have 75% attendance in classes and should not have been subjected to any disciplinary action by the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579980", "title": "Congress finally manages emotional connect with people", "text": "The Congress has finally managed an emotional connect with the people of Gujarat with the 'Ghar nu Ghar' scheme. But it is after all an election promise and there is a massive gulf between the cup and the lip. What the Congress scheme has shown is that there is a massive demand for affordable housing in the state. The BJP has to explain why it has turned the Gujarat Housing Board, which built nearly 1.75 lakh affordable homes during previous Congress regimes, into a defunct entity. The GHB has to be revived and turned into the main agency to cater to the housing needs of those left without a dream home in this builder-driven set-up.Related Story : Cong builds house of dreams on Narendra Modi's turf", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kumbakonam", "code": "15578303", "title": "Fishermen likely to meet PM to detail attacks by Lankan navy", "text": "KUMBAKONAM: A day after eight Tamil fishermen attacked by the Sri Lankan navy were admitted to the hospital, Union minister for shipping G K Vasan has assured that representatives of the Tamil fishermen would meet the Prime Minister Manmohan Singh sometime during next week seeking to put an end to the ceaseless attacks.Addressing media persons on the sidelines of the birthday celebrations of former Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi in Kumbakonam on Monday, Vasan said that he held a discussion with external affairs minister S M Krishna about the frequent attacks. He said that he would arrange for a meeting of representatives of Tamil fishermen with the PM to explain to him their difficulties. They would meet the external affairs minister too. The meeting would result in bringing an end to the attack on Tamil fishermen.The decision to send a delegation came after the latest attack on the eight fishermen from Thopputhurai on Saturday night for fishing in disputable waters. The victims are currently undergoing treatment at the Nagapattinam government hospital.The announcement gave a bit of hope to the Nagapattinam fishermen who feel traumatised by the attacks. G Manoharan, president of Akkaraipettai coastal village welcoming the decision told TOI, \"If we have a chance to meet him, we would detail our untold miseries. Moreover, we would demand the PM to order to change the method of fishing in Tamil Nadu. As of now, fishermen in Nagapattinam, part of Chennai, Pudukkottai, Ramanathapuram, Kanyakumari and Tuticorin are using trawling method which is harmful for fish breeding. Due to this, our fishermen are forced to fish in Sri Lankan waters for survival. If the government orders to adapt gill-net method, which is harmless, for six months and trawling method for another six months, our fishermen need not fish in their waters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "15579207", "title": "Rising silt hits 3 hydel plants", "text": "SHIMLA: High silt level in the rivers of Himachal Pradesh has forced the closure of the 1,500MW Nathpa Jhakri, the 1,000MW Karcham-Wangtoo and the 300MW Chamera-II hydro-power projects since Monday morning resulting in the stoppage of around 3,000MW to the northern grid.Nathpa Jhakri power plant has been closed from 10.30am on Monday after the silt level was found to be 13,000 parts per million (ppm) in Sutlej river while to run the machines in safe mode silt level should not cross beyond 4,000ppm. In the evening hours silt level was found to be between 26,000 to 27,000ppm.According to additional general manager (corporate communication) of SJVN, Vijay Kumar Verma silt level was measured in the morning at the confluence of Spiti and Sutlej river at Khab in Kinnaur district and it was found beyond permissible limits after which machines were closed.\"It is not safe to run the plant as high silt level in the water damages the machines. In the evening silt level was between 26,000 to 27,000ppm. Plant would be started only when silt level would decrease,\" he said. In 24 hours, Nathpa Jhakri plant produces 36 million units of power and on Monday the entire generation was lost.The 1,000MW Karcham-Wangtoo power project located on the banks of Sutlej river was also closed. The Chamera-II hydro-power project has also been shut temporarily due to high silt level in the river Ravi. According to sources power generated through these three power plants is fed to the northern grid that caters to 28% of the country's population.Himachal Pradesh is witnessing heavy rainfall in the higher hills due to which the silt level has increased in the rivers. Silt level is expected to remain high in the rivers as Shimla meteorological centre has issued a warning of very high rainfall in the low and mid hills of the state during the next 48 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15579479", "title": "Weak legal system sees Maharashtra child murder conviction rate at mere 7%", "text": "The state that tops in highest number of child murders under 10 years of age and second highest among children under 18 years, has a poor conviction rate of mere 7%. A total of 1,396 child murders were reported between 2006 and 2011, according to the National Crime Records Bureau.The main reasons behind child murders have been sexual abuse, kidnapping for ransom and domestic violence , while others like illegitimate pregnancy and neglect of girl child are also factors for the deaths.Experts have observed that the reason for the poor conviction rate is due to inefficient investigation, improper methods of evidence collection like eyewitnesses account or circumstantial evidence. Reliance on forensic evidence also becomes negligible when witnesses turn hostile. \"In addition, the state of forensic laboratories is pathetic and is not in a position to supplement investigation in any substantial manner. This leads in hampering the case and gives an upper hand to the criminals to get acquitted,\" said former IPS officerturned-lawyer YP Singh.The Maharashtra State Commission for Protection of Child Rights said the legal system should ensure that the accused should not walk out freely. \"Children are easy and soft target. The legal system should take the issue seriously and come out with a solution for proper convictions, so that the victims' family gets justice,\" panel member Bina Seth Laskshri told TOI.Based on the study the commission had prepared a draft report on several subjects related to child abuse, murder and several other serious offences which will be forwarded to the state government to implement a stringent law and take proper action. \"Once the commission approves the report, it will be forwarded to the state so that it will help to safeguard child and ensure safety,\" said Laskshri.Most of the child murders are done within family and in a majority of the cases witnesses are mainly family members, who turn hostile. Undetected child murders, when detected, rely too much on circumstantial evidence which may not prove the case beyond reasonable doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "15577233", "title": "Pak nets proxy war victory without firing single shot", "text": "NEW DELHI: Are we in the midst of a new version of low-cost proxy war against India? In the aftermath of a tumultuous few weeks where the communal fabric of the country has been attacked, pitting Muslims against tribal Bodos and other Indians from the northeast, the knowledge that Pakistani fundamentalist groups may be responsible for inciting hatred could provide another piece to the anti-India jihad strategy.Terrorism analyst B Raman calls this \"psy-jihad\". Its essential elements are images showing Muslim persecution, even if location-unspecific loaded on radical ideology websites, or even just plain old news portals.Many of the images were taken from events like the Sichuan earthquake in China and the monks protest in Myanmar , but they were re-transmitted to convey as if they were happening real-time in India. These were sent with rabid hate messages to Muslims, stoking the \"Islam in danger\" sentiment. Raman says the \"psy-jihad\" this summer was meant to destabilize Myanmar, which witnessed violence in the Rakhine state, as well as Sheikh Hasina's Bangladesh , which turned back the fleeing Rohingyas from Myanmar.While ordinary cyber-warfare targets machines, and seeks to control machines to perform to the dictates of the malware, the fresh offensive from across the border seeks to control the minds of vulnerable communities by preying on a propagated sense of victimhood. It is intended to portray to an Indian Muslim that his future in India is under threat and instigates the community to violence and mob action as was recently seen in Azad Maidan in Mumbai.What is interesting is that these inflammatory sentiments are not only pushed through the youth, but they come with a concerted bid to spur unrest and violence.Tracing back the origins of this campaign is not merely tough, its virtually impossible because the images are changed, the messages are changed, the websites are changed. Only the intent remains the same. This adds to the plausible deniability factor, while achieving the goal of destabilizing the country at a time when the political leadership is itself in a state of fragile stasis.And it is as low-cost as it can get. Those behind it remain, protected by blanket of anonymity provided by the web as well as a friendly regime, out of the harm's way. The effectiveness is enhanced by the fact that while sending rumours is a zero-expense business, it exacts a heavy price from the target. The cost of communal conflagration across cities and regions can be devastating for an economy. Then, there are intangibles also in the form of damage to inter-community ties and trust.It is clear that the Indian security establishment were caught off-guard. In 2010, when the UK was hit by a series of riots in London , the authorities clamped down hard \u2014 blocking all social networking sites and even BlackBerry Messenger services.Indian authorities are afraid to go that far, for fear of attracting criticism from the liberal elite. Meanwhile, the unrest and fear has achieved the equivalent of a terror attack, without firing a single shot, or using a foreign hand overtly.All the senders of the hate messages are Indian, which will make it difficult for India to pin blame. If they hit pay dirt in their investigations, they could trace where these messages originated from, but nothing more than that.This can happen again. And again. Because in a networked world, this kind of cyber warfare is difficult to prevent, because all social networking sites cannot possibly stay blocked. Besides, if you shut down one site, another one pops up within seconds. This was also seen during the WikiLeaks' document dump \u2014 no sooner had the US blocked one server, another one popped up almost instantly in a different part of the world.Also, this is a more dangerous way of conducting jihad, because it uses local resources, local grievances and local methods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "15584430", "title": "Grief dampens Eid spirit in camps", "text": "GUWAHATI: A drizzle marked the morning of Eid-ul-Fitr. As Md Kasem Ali Akon offered his namaaz at an idgah near his relief camp in Dhubri, he was besieged with memories of his brother, Atuar Ali Akon, who was killed by miscreants during the height of ethnic conflict in the Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) last month. The tears flowed freely from his eyes then, mingling with the rain.\"Eid-ul-fitr is our most joyous festival. But there no joyous spirit in me. Had my brother been alive, I would have been happy despite all we suffered after being displaced from our home. He was only 22, and today I am missing him a lot,\" he said. Kasem's house at Pakriguri in Chirang district was gutted by miscreants last month.Prayers done, Kasem walked back to the relief camp at Chapar Girls' High School in a sombre mood. The smell of freshly-cooked sewai (vermicelli) wafted through the relief camp, but food was the last thing on Kasem's mind. His grief, like that of his co-inmates, overshadowed the spirit of Eid.The grey, overcast sky perfectly set off the sombre mood of the 3000-odd relief camp inmates. Although most of them offered their Eid namaaz, the festive was nowhere to be seen. Instead, their faces mirrored the pain caused by their sufferings.In Guwahati, chief minister Tarun Gogoi tried his best to instill confidence among the Muslims on the occasion of Eid. Gogoi and his son Gaurav on Monday joined the Eid celebration at Machkhowa idgah in the city and offered namaaz.The CM sought spread the message of communal harmony through his speech. \"I prayed to Allah for peace and harmony. Let this Eid festivity foster amity among the people of the state,\" he said.\"I wish all those who are injured a speedy recovery and all those who lost their lives, may their soul rest in peace. Let all divisions in the state be diminished,\" Gogoi said.Meanwhile, hundreds of camp inmates from various places in Dhubri on Monday participated in a meeting organized by senior officials of the paramilitary forces and police to allay fears, based on rumour, that the violence will erupt again after Eid. Dhubri, which is outside the jurisdiction of the BTC, still has 133 relief camps inhabited by 76,308 Muslims.\"We have stated clearly that eruption of violence after Eid was only a rumour and have asked the officials of different security agencies to take strong action against rumour-mongering,\" All Assam Minority Students Union adviser Abdul Aziz said.Other relief camps in Kokrajhar and Chirang districts of BTC also observed Eid on a low key. \"With heavy hearts, we prayed to Allah for peace and to us to go back to our homes as soon as possible,\" said Amor Ali Khondekar, an inmate of Bhawraguri relief camp in Chirang. Chirang has 34,706 violence-affected Muslims lodged in 16 camps. Kokrajhar houses 22,320 Muslims in 11 camps.BTC chief Hagrama Mohilary, meanwhile, extended his best wishes on Eid. \"On this holy occasion, I would like to appeal to all to work for peace so that the process of rehabilitation may soon be taken up. The holy Eid will spread love, strengthen brotherhood and unify the countrymen,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "15577491", "title": "Bangalore brain behind Indian Grand Prix trophy", "text": "BANGALORE: If the trophy for the first edition of the Indian Formula One Grand Prix - a Qutub Minar replica designed by Jaipur craftsmen - was all about showcasing the country's glorious past, the second chapter of Formula One's tryst with India will see drivers compete for a more contemporary trophy with a touch of tradition.Tasked with the responsibility of blending old and new in the form of F1 silverware was Bangalore-based designer Michael Foley .\"F1 is interesting as it combines multiple aspects of sport, technology, entertainment and youth, so we relooked the way in which the trophy has to be designed,\" Foley told TOI on Friday. \"We combined key sensibilities of F1, India and that of the title sponsors and we found youth to be the common ground for inspiration. We built the trophy as an icon that connects with youth, something they will have a strong affinity towards,\" he said.The MD and chief designer of FoleyDesigns, Foley had previously designed the 2010 Commonwealth Games baton. This time, the National Institute of Design alumnus came up with an aesthetic interpretation of a modern cup for the Airtel Indian GP , with fine machining of the present and craftsmanship handed down the ages.The trophy makes use of new-age materials like aircraft-grade aluminium as well as relying on traditional ornamentation. Mirror-finished internal surfaces and a matte-and-stainless steel outer finish with red enamel markings make it appealing while the Ashoka Chakra is subtly embedded as the base foundation.\"The Chakra can be seen only when the trophy is lifted up. The red-coloured abstract image which graces the top and bottom of the outer part of the cup is that of an ancient victory procession.\"We have also played with India's flag colours in an interesting way,\" said Foley, adding the saffron, white and green hues come alive with the mystique of reflections, representing the \"vibrant dynamism of India.\"Bangalore-based Foley, 41, created 20 different designs before the final one was picked. His team, along with a sister-concern, took concepts forward through a series of processes which detailed and engineered each idea. The conceptualization stage lasted over a month and the final trophy in production now.\"The trophy will be ready in the first week of October while the race in New Delhi is on October 28. This project has given us a great opportunity to do something on a global scale. It has provided us a great platform to express ourselves,\" said Foley.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "15579034", "title": "Will Uppal pitch 'turn' it around for Team India?", "text": "HYDERABAD: The first of the two-Test series against New Zealand beginning on Thursday (Aug 23) will not just be a test of strength of depth for the Indian team hit by retirement of two of their senior pros in Rahul Dravid and more recently VVS Laxman , but a case of lessons learnt for the Hyderabad Cricket Association (HCA) from the last drawn Test against the same opposition in season 2010-11, when the nature of the pitch at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium had sparked a debate.The November 12-16 match had generated much interest then for the fact that it ended Hyderabad's 22-year hiatus as a Test centre. After the batathon in the first Test at Ahmedabad, what unfolded here in the second Test didn't amuse the officials concerned.The Uppal match petered out to a tame draw but after helping himself to a second successive century in the series -- the only two of his career -- Harbhajan Singh's comment in Nagpur (where the third Test of the series was played then) caused much heartburn. \"Most of the wickets in the country have been re-laid and the black soil has made them pretty firm. It just doesn't turn and the wicket plays well even on the final day. The curator deserves to be given the contract to build national highways,\" the off-spinner had remarked then.It didn't serve to cover his lack of variations. For the record, India's frontline spinner had a match haul of 73.3-13-293-5, while local boy Pragyan Ojha's analysis read 74.3-18-217-3. Stung to the quick, HCA relaid the square after IPL 4. And India defeated England by 126 runs in the ODI with spinners R Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja doing the damage in October 2011.A year on, the same teams -- India, New Zealand -- will get down to battle and the pitch is back in focus. The Indians have named three pacers -- Zaheer Khan , Umesh Yadav , Ishant Sharma -- and three spinners -- R Ashwin, Ojha, Piyush Chawla -- in their squad of 15. The New Zealanders are without their frontline spinner Daniel Vettori. The conditions at the ground are known to aid quick bowlers in the morning and reverse swing will be a factor too. \"It's a much better wicket this time. We have pitches available with different soil combinations. Let's hope it meets the expectations of the home team,\" HCA curator YL Chandrashekar told TOI on Monday.The Indians are still smarting from the dose of pace they encountered on the pitches in England and Australia last year. So a dull draw will be farthest on MS Dhoni's mind -- back in Test fold after serving a one-match ban for slow over-rate -- and to 'pitch' it right will be high on India's agenda.And then hope the run-up beginning with this Test will be a fitting appetiser for the main course, the revenge series against England and Australia later this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "15578056", "title": "Haryana channel garners support for MLA", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A news channel in Haryana has been creating a groundswell of support for arrested former minister Gopal Kanda.The channel, STV Haryana News, on Monday aired an interview of the ex-minister's brother Govind Kanda asking people to reach Delhi on August 24 to show their support when Gopal will be produced before a Rohini court. The channel showed Govind calling his elder brother Gopal a \"great politician\" who became a \"victim of political conspiracy\".The channel also covered the arrest of Gopal's kin Bunty Bansal from Sirsa in connection with Geetika Sharma suicide case. Gopal's supporters blamed Delhi Police for \"harassing\" his kin and Govind moved Punjab and Haryana High Court alleging that the family was being treated like terrorists.Till about a month ago, Gopal used to appear on the channel regularly, promoting the Haryanvi version of the popular serial Ramayana.He would promote the serial with a one-liner: \"Ab dekho Ramayan, apni boli mein.\"Recently, there has been a change in the board of directors, who, sources say, are close to Gopal Kanda. Sources close to JK Jain, former promoter of the channel, said the new directors had taken in the board. He, however, didn't divulge their names.The STV Haryana News is owned by a company, STV Enterprises Ltd, registered at 268, Masjid Moth, near South Ext II, New Delhi, and has a paid up capital of Rs 12.50 crore.The company was established in March 1995.In Sirsa, Govind went all out to garner support for the tainted former minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "15578255", "title": "Man, teenaged boy drown off Juhu beach", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons, one of them a teenaged boy, drowned off Juhu beach on Monday evening, when they were swept away by the strong currents.The victims have been identified as a 30-year-old resident of Saki Naka and a 16-year-old boy from Dharavi. According to the police, the incident took place around 4.30 in the evening and the bodies were recovered by 6.30 pm.The boy, Abdul Rehman, went to Juhu with four of his friends. As they entered the water for a swim, all of them were suddenly carried away by the current. Alarmed by their screams for help, the lifeguards deployed on the beach jumped in and managed to drag out all the five. \"Two among the youths were rushed to Cooper Hospital in Juhu. There, the doctors declared Abdul dead on arrival,\" said a lifeguard who was on duty. \"The other boy was kept in the hospital till evening, after which he was discharged from there.\"Senior police inspector of Santa Cruz police station Arun Chavan, however, could not confirm the lifeguard's version. All that he said was: \"There were too many people on the beach as it was Eid and every one wanted to enjoy a holiday.\"Chavan added that the second victim, Dilip Kumar Gautam, who had come to the beach with his family, went missing around the same time as Abdul. \"His body was found a little later,\" he said, adding that his body was also taken to Cooper Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "15577804", "title": "International award for royal Rolls-Royce of Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: The erstwhile Maharaja of Udaipur Arvind Singh Mewar's vintage Rolls-Royce bagged the 'Concours d'Elegance Lucius Beebe Trophy' in a competition held at the Pebble Beach golf course in California. It was the only Indian entry to have won a trophy.First conducted in 1950, the Pebble Beach Concours d'Elegance is often said to be the world's premier celebration of automobiles. Only exquisite and rare automobiles are invited to the famed Pebble Beach golf course each year.For almost 60 years, the Rolls-Royce lay forgotten in the Zenana Mahal inside City Palace, Udaipur. It was only in 1999 that it came to the notice of Arvind Singh Mewar. The restoration process took around seven to eight years.\"M/s Hofmann's of Henley were given the job of overseeing the project and they put Rolls-Royce restoration expert Graham Ashley-Carter in charge of this assignment. Andrew Wood , an engineering expert and founder of the UK Rolls-Royce specialist company P&A; Woods, was also roped in to help out as were people like John Fasal, noted Rolls-Royce historian and author of books like Rolls-Royce Twenty,\" said an official source.Finally in the presence of Ashley-Carter, the car was revved up for the first time in almost 70 years. Ashley-Carter then undertook road trials in and around Udaipur and made final adjustments and settings, before the car was sent for the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "15579486", "title": "Revenue officials, 10 others booked for forgery", "text": "SONIPAT: Sonipat police have registered a case against a Naib Tehsildar Deepak Raj, girdawar Chet Ram, revenue clerk Vinay Kumar , nambardar Surender Singh and 10 others for registration of land in the name of a firm on the basis of fake documents, on the complaint of a farmer of Pritampura village on Sunday.It was in October 2011 when the revenue officials registered the land deed by preparing fake documents and using fake signatures of the owners. Ten others named in the FIR are Manoj Khaitan, Subhash Chand Gupta, Suraj Prakash, Vipin Gupta, Anil Mittal, Vinay Kumar, Braham Prakash and Yogesh Kumar, all residents of Delhi. Sukhbir of Bazipur Saboli and Mahesh Kumar Gupta of Sonipat were beneficiaries of the forgery.Complainant Mahabir Singh of Pritampura said he and his uncle Suraj Bhan owned a piece of land in Akbarpur Barota village. But the land was transferred in the name of the accused using fake documents.Mahabir Singh said he came to know of this deal when representatives of companies of the buyers reached his fields to take possession of the land. The SSP asked DSP Balbir Singh to probe the complaint and after preliminary investigation, a case was registered. No one has been arrested as yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "15578677", "title": "CCTVs to watch over 'unsafe' New Town", "text": "KOLKATA: In its spree to improve infrastructure in the township, the New Town Kolkata Development authority (NKDA) has decided to tighten security arrangements in Rajarhat. The administrative body has made amendments in the building rules, making installation of closed circuit televisions (CCTVs) and security alarms compulsory for all buildings constructed on plots having an area of one acre and above.The authorities are conducting a fresh review to take into count the number of highrises that have CCTVs and security alarms installed. Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen said earlier there was already a provision of installing such security devices, but it was not mandatory.\"The amendment has been made in the New Town Kolkata (building) Rules 1999. The rule states that it is compulsory where it has been made compulsory for all buildings in Rajarhat-New Town - that have come up or will be constructed on a plot of one acre and above - to set up CCTVs and security alarms. This has been done keeping in mind the safety and security of the residentsand those who are coming up,\" Sen said.Concerned over tightening up security arrangements in Rajarhat New Town, the New Town Kolkata Development Authority (NKDA) has made amendments in its building rules, making it compulsory to install closed circuit television (CCTV) and security alarms for all buildings constructed on plots having a size of one acre and above in Rajarhat New Town. The authorities have started conducting a fresh inspection and review as to presently how many highrise buildings have installed CCTVs and security alarms.Hidco chairman cum managing director Debashis Sen said that there was already a provision of installing such security devices but it was not mandatory. \"The amendment was done in the New Town Kolkata (building) rules 1999 where it has been made compulsory to install CCTVs and security alarms in all buildings in Rajarhat New Town set up on a plot of one acre and above. This has been done keeping in mind the safety and security of the residents and those who are coming up,\" Sen said.Recently, Sen held a review meeting with NKDA officers where it was found that CCTVs and security alarms are installed in only about a dozen of bulk housings or commercial institutions situated in the area. Rajarhat New Town so far.This apart, all the major big residential housing apartments in New Town have their own security arrangements, including having private security guards at the gates and security and fire alarms. However, several cooperative and other residential flats and commercial institutions on small plots of one or two acre that are under construction are yet to adhere to the security measures. coming up and many more are slated to come up soon and many of these buildings are yet to have such CCTVs or security alarms in place yet.Officials said the provision of installing CCTV and security alarms is verified while giving occupancy certificates. The commissioner of Bidhannagar police commissionerate, Rajeev Kumar , said they have instructed given instructions for all developers in Rajarhat-New Town to furnish them with the details of security arrangements before getting a clearance.The police have also stepped up mobile security after a few incidents of crime were reported in the area. Though no spine-chilling murder or robbery has occurred in any of the existing residential housing complexes so far, the roads in Rajarhat - particularly towards Action Area II and III - become very unsafe after sun down, especially for the women. Some time back, a woman was allegedly raped inside a car in the night at Rajarhat after she was picked up by some miscreants from the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "15582454", "title": "Traders offer to pay for repair work", "text": "LUDHIANA: Fed up with the poor condition of roads, Ludhiana traders have expressed a desire to repair them on their own, provided they are given a free hand in doing so.\"We are already paying taxes that run into lakhs every year but the government seems ignorant of our problems. Roads are considered a parameter of growth of any country but they are in a bad shape. We have given up when it comes to approaching the government and now are ready to spend money on repairs,\" said Swaraj Sehgal, a trader in Industrial Area.However, many traders say there are instances when they have tried to be proactive and repaired roads on their own but unnecessary interference by the administration and MC has doused their enthusiasm.\"The government's intent is completely missing when it comes to improving the infrastructure in Industrial Area and Focal Point. Every time we have approached them, they have merely given an empty assurance. But everything remains on paper and nothing concrete ever happens. Initially I pursued things with full enthusiasm but now I have lost all hope,\" said Neelu Mahajan, a trader in Focal Point.\"It seems the government is busy in other work and has no time for industrialists and so we are ready to take matters in our own hands. I remember 20 traders of our area pooled in money and started the construction of concrete road in front of our factories. The very next day, we were served a notice for violating various bylaws and we had to suspend the work,\" said Mahajan.Traders alleged that industry has grown at a phenomenal pace in Ludhiana but infrastructure could not keep pace. There are some areas that have been neglected continuously for the last many years.\"For the sake of saving our businesses, we will even carry out the road repairs by contributing money. We all share the same problems and understand that infrastructure needs to be in place for better productivity. If the administration still does not look into this issue, the traders will soon move to other states, causing a loss to state's exchequer,\" said Vijay Kumar , who runs a small scale business from Industrial Area, Phase-II.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "15582063", "title": "Bhopal gets highest August rains in past six years", "text": "BHOPAL: Heavy showers which began in the afternoon continued till late in Bhopal on Monday. Such was the intensity that the city recorded 50.2 mm of rainfall in two hours between 3 and 5 in the evening. A strong spell of moderate to heavy rainfall continued till night in the city. Officials of the Met department say moving of low-pressure area to Bhopal has triggered heavy rains. The figure for city rainfall in August till Monday-409.8 mm-is the highest in the past six years. P4In 2006, the city recorded 903.9 mm of rainfall. The officials of the Met department said the focus of low-pressure area formed over east MP has shifted to Bhopal.There were no rains in Bairagarh during the day. Bairagarh recorded a total of only 5.9 mm of rain in past 24 hours till Monday morning.The weather conditions would continue for 24 hours more. The heavy thundering was attributed to cumulonimbus clouds over Bhopal that a majority of times also result into lightning, the weather added.The rainfall count is expected to go up. The weatherman has also issued a warning for heavy rainfall at a few places in south MP, including Bhopal and adjoining Hoshangabad division in next 24 hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-08-21"}
