{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957851", "title": "Poll officials deny voters their 'right to abstain'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Dissatisfied with candidates in the fray, many voters tried to exercise their 'right to abstain' in the city on Sunday. While a few succeeded in their endeavor, many others were forced to cast their vote by the polling officials.Narrating his tale, Alok Srivasatva, a resident of Rajajipuram, said, \"It was a horrifying time at the polling booth. After the officials put an ink mark on my finger, I told them about my decision to choose Rule 49 (O) that is right to abstain from voting. Immediately, there was an uproar among the officials who tried all means to make me vote. As I didn't agree, they made me write against my name on the slip - right to abstain.''Another voter Nikhil Srivastava also exercised right to abstain, but his parents had a harrowing time at a polling booth in Rajajipuram.\"They (poll officials) were either misguiding us or they were really unaware of the Rule 49 (O). Even after we told them that we will not cast our vote, they did not listen to us. After a heated argument, they forced us to vote,'' said Anita Srivastava, Nikhil's mother.Unhappy over the attitude of election officials, Vaibhav Maheswari, an engineer and resident of Vivek Khand, Gomtinagar, said that though the law enables voters to decline the right to cast their vote at the last stage, the poll officials don't let people do it.Sharing his story, he said, \"When I informed the presiding officer that I will exercise right to abstain, he and other officials passed sarcastic comments saying he is one conscious voter. After persuading them for some time, they agreed and asked me to put in words about right to abstain in front of my name in the register.''As per the rule, when a voter decides not to cast his vote, he has to inform the presiding officer immediately after having signed on the Register of Voters, and having received the voter's slip from the second polling officer.Thereafter, the presiding officer takes back the voter's slip and proceeds to record in the remark's column of the Register of Voters that the voter has declined to exercise the right to franchise. The voter is then supposed to put his signature under such entry. Once this is done, a voter can leave the polling station without proceeding to the voting compartment. The above process is referred to as exercising the right to abstain under Rule 49 (O) of the Representation of People's Act.Another couple Kaushal and Deepa Agarwal, residents of Viram Khand, Gomtinagar, said, \"The poll officers (including the sector magistrate) were unaware of this provision. They made me wait for a long time and then after I raised my voice, they looked into the matter. Once I exercised right to abstain, they denied putting an ink mark on my finger. I had to literally argue with them just for an ink mark.''Bobby Ramakant, a resident of Gomtinagar, lamented the misleading attitude of the poll officials. He said. \"The officials kept me in the dark. Only when I told them about my decision to exercise right to abstain, they revealed that they did not have form 17 (A) with them. As the form was not available, I had to cast my vote.''Desh Deepak, a law student at Lucknow University, too was forced to cast his vote. \"The officials behaved rudely and said that they do not know anything about 49 (O),'' said he.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949218", "title": "A starry evening of fashion and food", "text": "When Indrajit Lankesh sets out to do something, he does it with a difference. And the first promotional activity for his new film was just that.In an evening of fashion and food, the filmmaker introduced the cast and crew of his film to a gathering of friends and well-wishers from the film frat - as well as the social set of the city - with a colourful and well-choreographed fashion show.Fashion guru Prasad Bidapa's models took to the stage, along with the film's lead cast members Diganth and Charmme. The highlight and surprise package of the show was when Indrajit himself walked the ramp with some serious eye candy on his arm - swimsuit calendar model Nathalia Pinheiro, who makes her debut with the film - who was introduced by Prasad as \"Indrajit's new find Nathy\". Singer Lucky Ali was seen enjoying the show from the front row along with his wife Ayesha. Lucky, who has sung his first-ever Kannada song in the film, could however, only remember the first few words of the song - Hosa Hosa Hosa Kanasu... - which he sportingly crooned. It was then time time to party, and Aindrita Ray joined the cast to have a spot of fun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958211", "title": "Holiday mood boosts Indian travel and tourism industry", "text": "In the last few years, with a higher disposable income, the Indian middle class has been exploring a range of holiday destinations. This has boosted the Indian travel and tourism industry. In fact, both the World Travel and Tourism Council (WTTC) and World Tourism Organisation (UNWTO) had predicted that Asia, specifically India and China, will drive the future of tourism.The data released by ministry of tourism (MOT) and WTO has verified this prediction, according to which, tourism in Asia has witnessed a double-digit growth despite the worldwide economic slowdown . According to the data released by MOT, foreign tourist arrivals (FTA) to India during January 2012 was 6.81 lakh as compared to FTA of 6.24 lakh during January 2011 - a year-on-year (y-o-y ) growth of 9.2%.Sandeep Kulshreshtha, professor and head, academics, and nodal officer , Indian Institute of Tourism and Travel Management (IITTM), explains , \"In 2009-10 the Indian travel and tourism sector took a hit due to the 26/11 terrorist attacks, H1N1 flu and the global economic meltdown. But in 2010, India's image transformed as a safe holiday destination due to the successful completion of the CWG games, world cup cricket finals and the IPL.\"According to Kulshreshtha, a robust economy, enhanced standards of living and implementation of the sixth pay commission have led to a significant rise in the disposable income of Indians and has contributed to the fact that Indians are travelling more.He says, \"Tourism is concerned with disposable income; the moment disposable incomes flourish, tourism flourishes. We have a large outbound tourism. The streets of Thailand, Singapore and Malaysia are filled with Indian tourists. A large segment of Indian tourists are even going to Europe and Australia. Though still in its nascent stage, the tourism industry in India is expected to do well for the next 20-25 years.\"Freshers can work with travel agencies, tour operators, airlines and hotels , after their graduation. The industry also offers a scope for entrepreneurship where professionals , after gaining an in-depth understanding of the markets, can start their own travel agencies or become independent tour operators or guides.Application deadline for the IITTM Admission Test is February 26. Those with a valid CAT/MAT/C-MAT score may also apply by March 12 For details, log on to www.iittm.org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957607", "title": "Be part of citizens' charter movement", "text": "BANGALORE: The much-touted law to provide a time-bound services delivery system for citizens is set to become a reality . The government will launch a special campaign from March 1 to create awareness about implementing the Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizen Act 2011.The pilot project will initially be introduced in Bidar, Chitradurga, Dharwad and Udupi districts. \"The objective is to generate interest and educate people about the Act as well as draw their participation for ensuring the programme's success,\" said law and parliamentary affairs minister S Suresh Kumar, the brain behind the initiative.The Act will cover 151 services in 11 major government departments. Each service will be given a timeframe for implementation , and if not done, the official concerned will have to pay compensation to the citizen at the rate of Rs 20 for each day's delay. The Act also provides for redressal of grievances and several layers of appeal . \"Citizens can access information on delivery of public services online and know their status,\" said Shalini Rajneesh , principal secretary, department of personnel and administrative reforms.The citizen is expected to benefit from this as the Act will tighten administration, improve delivery system and fight corruption. To support the drive, a call centre will be set up to provide information on government to citizen services of various departments.Several states like Madhya Pradesh , Bihar , Himachal Pradesh , Delhi and Jammu and Kashmir already have such citizen-driven laws.Choose a logo, coin a sloganThe government has thrown open a public competition to suggest a name for the campaign, create a logo and coin a slogan. \"People should take ownership of this movement ,\" Suresh Kumar said.The person who creates the best logo will be awarded Rs 50,000. Similarly, those with the 'best name' and 'best slogan' will get Rs 30,000 respectively. Those interested can send entries to the director, information department. Email: informationmountain @gmail .com or call: 080-22028007 /22865797.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962822", "title": "Sanjay Dutt, Raj Kundra's SFL to host first fight", "text": "Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) fighting league Super Fight League (SFL) is Raj Kundra's baby project, which is promoted by Sanjay Dutt.MMA is the fastest growing sport in the world and is a multi billion dollar industry in the west.The maiden fight of SFL1 will take place in Andheri Sports complex, Mumbai in March, where six of India's best fighters in all weights will take on six international MMA fighters followed by a Main Event - Super Heavy Weight Fight between James Thomson and Bob Sapp .Its sportainment at its best with a huge line up of performers, DJ's and a fight night.Raj Kundra said that he would like to bring in much more awareness about this sport. He says, \"Mixed Martial Arts (MMA) is a full contact combat sport that allows the use of both striking and grappling techniques, both standing and on the ground, including boxing, wrestling, Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Muay Thai, kickboxing, karate, judo and other styles. Soon, this game will get addictive.\"His team of 12 players are already training at Nashik and soon, there will be plans with women fighters too, he says. Sanjay Dutt himself is happy to have been promoting this venture as the audience is new in India.On the personal front, Raj with wife actress Shilpa Shetty is expecting their first child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11957468", "title": "Sen applies for central deputation", "text": "KOLKATA: The state, already feeling the pangs of an exodus of senior government officials, is set to receive another blow with joint commissioner of police (crime) Damayanti Sen applying to go on a central government deputation.Sen, who has been lauded for leading the team that cracked the Park Street car rape case with unmatched aplomb, has already applied for a position. She now joins the club of joint commissioner (headquarters) Jawed Shamim and Special IG and DIG (Midnapore Range) Vineet Goyal, who are waiting to go on a central deputation.Shamim and Sen have been with Kolkata Police for many years now. Shamim, an IPS officer of the 1995 batch, was deputy commissioner (detective department ) before he took over as the Joint CP (headquarters). Sen, an officer of the 1996 batch, was deputy commissioner of the north division before she took over as the DC (DD).The exact reason why Damayanti Sen, Jawed Shamim and Vineet Goyal have applied for central deputation is not known. But officers do apply for such posts from time to time and IPS officers before the rank of IG have to compulsorily go on central deputation. If they are not released by the state, then the state government needs to write to the Central government informing the authorities about it. It is however, relatively uncommon for officers in such key and challenging positions to apply for central posts.What is particularly interesting is the fact that the Mamata Banerjee government has sent a strong message across that there is acute shortage of officers and hence the state is not keen on allowing any officer to leave the state. Not only that, the state government has especially requested the Union home ministry to release two IPS officers from West Bengal - Rajesh Kumar Yadav and Suman Bala Sahoo - from central deputation.After receiving the applications, the Centre has sent letters to the state government asking for its opinion on the matter and asked the applications to be routed to them through the state government. DGP Naparajit Mukherjee is expected to give his opinion on the matter soon.The situation is rather volatile in light of the Park Street rape case where Sen stood by the victim even as many others, including the chief minister, were suspicious about the complainant's statement. Whether the chief minister will allow Sen and the other officers to leave the state with all these factors taken together remains anyone's guess.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11958147", "title": "KU acts tough with vocational courses", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Soon it will be mandatory for all constituent colleges of Kolhan University to have 30-student batches to start a vocational course.Following reports of several colleges running vocational courses haphazardly, the university has resolved to crack a whip to streamline the running of professional courses.From the next academic session starting April 2012, it will be mandatory for each college to seek prior consent from the university or the technical agency concerned before introducing vocational courses like hotel management, tourism, library science, among other courses.Till recently, several colleges that have introduced vocational courses managed to seek approval from the university or from the technical agency concerned subsequent to beginning of the classes in their respective institution. However, the university has now asked the colleges to have 30-student batch of the respective college to start a vocational course.\"We cannot allow constituent colleges to run vocational courses overlooking the guidelines of the University Grants Commission. Precisely, this is the reason for mandating 30-student batch,\" said Salil Roy, the vice-chancellor of Kolhan University.The VC further said that the purpose behind going strict with the vocational courses is to make it more effective and attractive to the students. \"The other thing is that it is not financially feasible for the university to run vocational courses with less number of students,\" he said.A syndicate member of the university said that about dozen colleges - mostly in East Singhbhum and a few in West Singhbhum - have introduced vocational courses with inadequate batch strength. \"In two colleges in Jamshedpur, vocational courses were introduced with just four- and six-student batches, respectively,\" said a syndicate member.According to university sources, a possibility of \"merger batch\" of students of local constituent colleges is also being looked at. \"Merger batch concept is to bring small group of students, willing for a particular vocational course, from different constituent colleges (in a city) under one roof ,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11956874", "title": "Jilted lover who sent parcel bomb to girl\u2019s father arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: The 26-year-old youth, who sent a 'parcel bomb' to 50-year-old accountant K Moorthy on February 11 for failing to allow him to marry his daughter, was arrested on Sunday. The youth had been in love with the accountant's daughter for four years, police said. The girl's parents did not acknowledge the youth's love for their daughter, and fixed her marriage in March this year.The youth has been identified as S Kalaimani alias Mani (26), hailing from Thillai Nagar near Rathinapuri in Coimbatore city. He had completed his BCA through correspondence and was doing computer course at Gandhipuram, four years ago. It was here that he fell in love with Moorthy's daughter who was also a student. He got permission from his mother to marry her.Two years ago, Kalaimani's mother had gone to Kattoor to meet Moorthy and inform him of her son's interest in marrying their daughter. But Moorthy and his family refused to accept the love affair and advised her to force her son to give up aspirations of marrying their daughter. Due to pressure from her parents, the girl stopped spending time with Mani.When Mani heard that his lover's marriage was fixed he planned to prevent it from happening. On February 9, he had gone to Chennai by an Omni bus and reached Koyambedu. The very next day he had sent a parcel bomb in the name of Rishi to Moorthy using a private courier company. On February 11, Moorthy had received the parcel and suspected it to be a petrol bomb. The parcel had contained two bottles of petrol, wire, matchsticks and a battery. Immediately the parcel was handed over to police. Bomb detection and disposal squad had examined the parcel and found that it was harmless. Its intention was just to create panic.A special team led by Kattoor police inspector N Ravikumar had gone to Koyambedu to investigate the matter. They were able to identify the culprit from the CCTV recordings at the courier company. Police then conducted an inquiry with Moorthy's daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960134", "title": "Priyamani's B'wood Next", "text": "Priyamani will be paired opposite Riteish Deshmukh in her next B'wood film.She made her debut in Bollywood with a small but powerful cameo in Mani Ratnam's Raavan and followed it with a gritty role in Ram Gopal Varma's Raktha Charitra. Now, Priyamani is finally following up her bit roles with a new film, where she will be paired opposite Riteish Deshmukh.Confirming this news to Chennai Times, she says, \"Yes, I will be doing a film opposite Riteish. It will be directed by Chandrakanth Singh.\" We learn that this film is currently untitled and will take off shortly.Riteish currently is busy with promotions of his next release alongside Genelia, while Priya has a few commitments in Kannada, Telugu and Malayalam films. There are rumours that Priya may have another Bollywood film in the pipeline too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957867", "title": "Desperate BSY is like Narada Muni, says CM", "text": "BANGALORE: The daggers appear to be out in the ruling BJP. A desperate BS Yeddyurappa on Sunday personally telephoned several party legislators and solicited their support for his rehabilitation campaign even as chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda ridiculed him by likening him to the mythological Narada Muni.Stopping short of naming Yeddyurappa , Gowda told a public meeting at Kadusiddeshwara mutt in Tiptur taluk, Tumkur district, on Sunday that Narada Muni went around all the 14 lokas but failed to convince God.The former chief minister is said to have called a meeting of his supporters here on February 23, the eve of a two-day party chintan-manthan baithak.A few MLAs, including a couple of ministers, confirmed to TOI they had received the invite. Loyalists attributed the former CM's desperation to the Sadananda Gowda-KS Eshwarappa combo pushing their leader to the margins.But an MLA loyal to Yeddyurappa said the meeting may not happen on February 23, but after the brainstorming session or on February 27, the former chief minister's birthday.Yeddyurappa maintained in Hubli on Sunday that there will be some changes in state politics soon and he would bring \"good news\" to all after returning from Varanasi. He did not elaborate his plans to reporters.Veiled AttackSome people gave money to mutts, but they were never devoted to the mutts. They gave money just to keep the seers in good humour. What is the use of such of grants? - CM Sadananda Gowda, in an apparent reference to the huge grants given to mutts during Yeddyurappa's regimeYet again, BSY decides to meet Delhi bigwigsBANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has reportedly threatened not to attend any party event, including core committee meetings, if the BJP fails to define his role at the earliest. He is expected to call on national BJP leaders in New Delhi on his way back from Varanasi.BJP president Nitin Gadkari is expected to be in Bangalore for a chintan-manthan baithak. A longpending demand of Yeddyurappa's followers is that Gadkari should come to Bangalore and give them a hearing. Besides , Yeddyurappa doesn't want to miss the opportunity provided by the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha bypoll, which is scheduled on March 18, to put pressure on the party bosses.For public consumption, however, Yeddyurappa told reporters in Hubli that his show of strength \"is against the father-son duo of HD Deve Gowda and HD Kumaraswamy for their irresponsible statements against the state government and BJP\" .Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda claimed in Bangalore the BJP is united . He said the proposed meeting of Yeddyurappa's supporters has to do with the former chief minister's birthday.They Want Me Back: BSYI will pray to Lord Viswanatha to bestow his grace on my party. My constituents want to see me back as chief minister. But they have to wait for some time. I have no differences of opinion with the chief minister and I will take part in the Udupi-Chikmagalur Lok Sabha byelection campaign-BS Yeddyurappa | former CM before leaving for Varanasi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11960375", "title": "Genius PC beats 96% human beings", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have created a \"genius\" computer, using a mix of logic and \"human-like\" thinking, that they claim can score 150 in an IQ test.The average score for people is 100. A score of 150 is classified as \"genius\" intelligence.A team in Sweden says the computer actually works on a programme which uses a mixture of mathematical logic and \"human-like\" thinking, enabling it to outperform previous software on IQ tests, the 'Daily Mail' reported.Even advanced maths programmes usually score below 100. \"We're trying to make programmes that can discover the same types of patterns that humans can see,\" said team leader Claes Strannegard at the University of Gothenburg, who says his aim was to make a programme that \"thinks\" like a person.IQ tests are based on two types of problems -- seeing visual patterns and guessing number sequences. The research group believes that number sequence problems are only partly mathematics -- psychology is important too.\"One, two -- what comes next? Most people would say 3, but it could also be a repeating sequence like 1, 2, 1 or a doubling sequence like 1, 2, 4. Neither of these alternatives is more mathematically correct than the others. What it comes down to is that most people have learned the 1-2-3 pattern,\" Strannegard was quoted as saying.The scientists are therefore using a psychological model of human patterns in their software. They have integrated a mathematical model that models human-like They have improved the programme that specialises in number sequences to the point where its score implies an IQ of at least 150.\"Our programmes are beating the conventional math programmes because we're combining mathematics and psychology. Our method can potentially be used to identify patterns in any data with a psychological component, such as financial data,\" Strannegard said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958344", "title": "Get on to the online mode", "text": "Yes, the influx of information and the volume of educational content that gets digitally archived daily are indeed overwhelming. But the sluggish pace of Internet penetration and IT deployment means that the access to the same is disproportionately limited to urban centres of learning and the rest of India has miles to go before it can fully enjoy the benefits of a virtual classroom.The advanced world is moving toward a free and secure online social learning network and virtual classrooms provide an easy way to connect and collaborate, offering a real-time platform to exchange ideas, share content, play and learn. Education system in India is largely supported by government machinery, and like most public sector endeavours it is powered by the individuals involved in it. If there is a willing soul around, it is effective but mostly that is not the case. The fact is that our education system has not been able to cope up with the changes.The best examples of online enabled learning have come from private players, community initiatives and entrepreneurial ventures in dotcom. The CBSE has advised heads of all its affiliated institutions to set up at least one classroom for each class in their schools equipped with technology to enable usage of digital instruction materials. It's a good beginning as online literacy is the first step toward digital information.The biggest threat in an online learning system is to ensure the veracity of content. It is an open and free for all culture and everybody is an expert here! It is important to search and identify what is authentic and what is garbage. And for any discerning student, this is a process they go through even in offline modes of learning where the local market is loaded with spurious guides promising instant success!The absence of Indian Universities in the social media space is a telling comment on our apathy, ignorance and failure to move on from a hard-nosed utilitarian curriculum centric learning to a more flexible, interactive and technologically advanced modes of information exchange. It is the mindset that is a stumbling block, not our adoption or ability to use technology.(The writer is chief, Buzz Tribe, working in the digital media space)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "rallagedda (visakhapatnam)", "code": "11957220", "title": "AP cops hunting for naxalites accused of terrorising villagers", "text": "RALLAGEDDA (VISAKHAPATNAM): An eerie calm envelops the small village of Rallagedda two days after an alleged attack by policemen hunting naxalites . The tribals say that their only fault was to have provided 'shelter' to two suspected Naxals in their village.In what is reminiscent of the infamous Vakapalli incident in Vizag Agency in 2007, a 200-strong police party, including members of the elite Greyhounds, swooped on the village in the wee hours of Friday, dragged people out of their homes and beat them up indiscriminately. The elderly, children and women , including pregnant women, were not spared.The cops first cut off the power supply and then entered the village around 2.45am. They knocked on the doors of the tribal households, claiming to be 'annalu' (local parlance for Maoists). For the next two-and-a-half hours, they rained lathi blows on the villagers. Dummy grenades and smoke bombs were exploded to terrorise the people. The cops even fired five rounds in the air. In the melee, one of the two alleged militia members escaped.Twenty villagers, including a physically challenged person and a pregnant woman, were injured in the mayhem. \"They came like thieves. Masking themselves by wearing monkey caps and full-length jackets. They acted like goondas,\" Sitamma, wife of Maoist militia member Sinderi Karla who is in police custody, told TOI.\"They did not even leave the children and pregnant women,\" said Vantala Rama Rao, a physically challenged Vidya volunteer. Rao received five sutures on his head.Korra Lakshmi, who is five months pregnant, said: \"They pushed me with force. When my husband resisted, they dragged him out and took off his clothes. They humiliated the men by removing their clothes.\"Vantala Prem Singh, the alleged militia member who escaped, told TOI that he and three others had surrendered after police charged them with occupying the APFDC coffee plantations in nearby Balapam panchayat on the orders of the Maoists. \"Though we had no role in the Maoist activities, we were framed in several cases,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "11956613", "title": "Nehru Trophy to be a three-day event", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Nehru Trophy boat race, which is celebrating its diamond jubilee, will be a three-day mega event this year.The decision was taken at a special executive committee meeting of the Nehru Trophy Boat Race Society (NTBRS), chaired by union minister of state for power K C Venugopal, held at collectorate conference hall here on Sunday.The highly acclaimed snake boat race will be held on the second Saturday of August. Kayaking, canoeing, speed boat race and women's special boat race will be new additions to the event.The three-day event will kick off with the competitions of small boats and friendly race of snake boats. Kayaking, canoeing and competitions of speedboat will be held on the second day and the event will conclude with the snake boat race on the final day. \"We have also decided to conduct week-long cultural programmes as part of the event across the district in Kumarakom, Thanneermukkom, Muhamma, Alappuzha, Kuttanad, Haripad and Chengannur. A sub-committee has been appointed for organising these programmes,\" K C Venugopal said.The NTBRS will adopt a new style for conducting this year's boat race, following the recommendations of an eight member sub-committee constituted by the society last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957421", "title": "Railways plans to produce super AC coaches", "text": "PATNA: The railways is planning to manufacture spacious and technologically advanced 'super AC' coaches for the Rajdhani Express. The proposal is now under active consideration of the railway ministry.According to Railway Board sources, the railways has made the Rae Bareli coach factory functional. Perhaps the new coach factory would manufacture these coaches for the prestigious Rajdhani Express trains running in all the 16 zones of the railways, sources said.According to a Railway Board official, the railways has almost finalized the design for these coaches with 44 berths in each coach. It has asked the Rae Bareli coach factory to manufacture a prototype of the super AC coach. On its approval by the railway ministry, the railways would go ahead with the proposed plan to manufacture them for Rajdhani Express trains, he said.According to sources, at present a AC-2 coach in Rajdhani Express has 55 berths while there are 72 berths in the AC-3 coach. Though the railways has not yet fixed the fare for the super AC class in Rajdhani Express, it is, however, believed that the fare structure could be a bit higher than the current AC-2 fare, but it may not be more than AC-1 fare of Rajdhani Express, sources said.The Board official said that the railways would manufacture 25 super AC coaches for Rajdhani Express in the first phase. The special feature of this coach is that each coach will have spacious place inside the bogie. Besides, it will have wider windows and there would be a provision for wider space in the side berths for the convenience of passengers, he said. According to him, the railways intends to provide high-end service to passengers with better ambience in each coach of Rajdhani Express. There will be provision for a mini pantry car in super AC-2 coach. The railways plans to make lightweight super AC coaches using stainless steel from safety point of view, he said.At present, the Rae Bareli coach factory has been manufacturing LHB (Linke Holfmann Bush) coaches. As many as six such coaches have been manufactured in the coach factory so far which are ready to roll out soon, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957085", "title": "Special buses for Sivaratri", "text": "HYDERABAD: On the occasion of Mahasivaratri, Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (APSRTC) will operate 101 bus services from various places in the city to Keesaragutta on Monday and Tuesday.\"The number of special buses will be increased according to the demand,\" APSRTC executive director A Koteshwar Rao said in an official release on Sunday.\"Arrangements are being made to see to it that a bus is available from Secunderabad station or Regimental Bazar every five minutes and at every 10 minutes from ECIL Crossroads and Ammuguda for the benefit of citizens,'' the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11956885", "title": "Isha Foundation, Apollo Hospital launch telemedicine centre", "text": "COIMBATORE: To reach out to poor people in the rural areas to provide immediate medical solutions, Isha Foundation in collaboration with Apollo Hospitals inaugurated its first telemedicine centre in Isha Rural Health Clinic at Alandurai village in Coimbatore on Sunday.Coimbatore collector M Karunagaran inaugurated the facility at the clinic in the presence of Prathap C Reddy, Chairman, Apollo hospitals and Jaggi Vasudev, founder of Isha foundations.\"With the increasing population in the village and the rise in health problems, people require a good health care facility,\" Jaggi Vasudev said. The clinic which has been serving the people for some years will help connect the best doctors and surgeons in distant locations with visiting patients through telemedicine, he said. The plan is to start 25 such clinics in rural areas, he informed. While Allopathy has brought great relief to patients, he said the role of traditional medicine should not be forgotten.He said that the Isha foundation will be opening a 30-bed Isha Arogya hospital that would have Siddha, Ayurveda, Naturapathy, Yoga, and other traditional medicine methods to treat patients, along with Allopathy.Professor Ganapathy, consultant neurosurgeon and director of Telemedicine, Apollo Hospital, said that people can utilise the facility from 9am to 5pm. Initially it will be operated from Monday to Saturday but in the future the facility will be open 24 hours. The facilities are free of cost, allowing patients to seek immediate care in case of an emergency or otherwise.Patients can receive specialist consultation for diseases including diabetes, heart diseases, neurological diseases, respiratory diseases, gastritis, knee injuries and disorders, kidney and urological and paediatric diseases.At least 70 to 80 patients visit the clinic from various villages, said Ma Induba, in-charge of the clinic. The clinic serves 30 villages and the facility is a breakthrough effort to reach out to rural folk to resolve their health problems, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955686", "title": "Good backgrounds, bad company", "text": "KOLKATA: All the three youths accused in the Park Street rape case are from decent upper-middle-class families. They went to reputable schools and colleges, are well spoken and have good social skills. But perhaps, they were not so good in choosing their company. They and their friends were known rogues in the nightclub circuit. Bouncers used to keep a watchful eye on them. In fact, nightclub managers reportedly gave police a lot of hints to help identify them.Sumit Bajaj is a student of a premier city college. His father runs a successful transport business. He befriended Ruman, Nisar and Kader at a nightclub itself. The bond grew stronger with their common target - young women. It was all right so far. But they became overconfident and gained notoriety in the nightclub circle. They also began blackmailing others by clicking them in embarrassing moments, said investigators. Things went on smoothly till the Park Street victim took a brave stance.It was a bolt from the blue for the upper-middle-class Khan family of eight brothers at their North Range house off Park Street. One of the brothers - Nasir Khan - is already in police custody. Another brother Kader, now at large, has been named as the key accused in the Park Street rape case. The family of the accused has strongly denied the role of any family member in the case.\"We really do not know how our brothers' name came up in this case. On Saturday afternoon, my brother was summoned to Lalbazar (police headquarters). He told us that he would come back in an hour. Only an innocent person can say this. But late in the evening, we came to know that he was arrested. All these boys named in the FIR are decent guys. They just cannot do that,\" said Selim Khan, brother of Nasir and Kader.Nasir apparently wanted to go to the media before going to Lalbazar. \"He wanted to plead his innocence before media. But as a conscientious citizen, I asked him to go to the police headquarters instead, as he had been summoned. But we had no idea that he would be implicated. It is gross injustice. Neither Nasir nor Kader can do this,\" said their elder brother Akbar Khan.Both Nasir, 26, and Kader, 23, went to good schools. While Nasir completed his graduation from a well-known college, Kader joined the family business - manufacturing of precision instruments - before completing his graduation. The family members admitted that they used to go to nightclubs. \"They are young lads. They have a bright future ahead. Why would they commit such an act?\" asked their youngest brother Nadim.The tiny flat at 158/C Karaya Road, where Nishat Alam alias Ruman Khan alias Tussi used to stay with his maternal grandfather, is now empty. His neighbours thought he was \"a decent and well-behaved boy who got spoilt under peer pressure\". \"A handsome boy, Nishat, who is better known as Tussi in this neighbourhood, was brought up by his parents under much hardship. His mother used to run a grocery shop at Mullick Bazar. His father works in a doctor's chamber. They put him in a good school. While his parents live in Beckbagan, he lived with his grandfather so that he could go to school without a hassle. He is the poorest of the all the youths he used to hang out with,\" said Mohammed Imran, a neighbour.\"Of late, Nishat reportedly used to come home very late, accompanied by some boys and girls in big cars. They would either drop him off or all of them would spend the night at his apartment. We knew for sure that he could not afford this kind of lifestyle. Of late, Tussi had started a leather business, but did not have much luck with it,\" Imran added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11955962", "title": "Five poll-related cases registered in city", "text": "NASHIK: Five election-related crimes were registered across the city over the last few days.In the first case, two parties lodged cross-complaints with the Ambad police following the February 16 elections to the Nashik civic body.Nagesh Sonawane, who was in the fray, was beaten up by Mohan More in front of the latter's residence at 9.30pm on February 17, the police said.More questioned him about why he did not campaign in support of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), and then allegedly attacked him with sharp weapons. Sonawane suffered injuries on his back and neck.More, in a complaint against Sonawane, charged the latter, his brother Ajay and another person with coming to his residence and beating him up for losing the elections. More alleged Sonawane assaulted him for not supporting him. The Ambad police are investigating the case.In another election-related crime registered with the Panchavati police, Babubhai Patel from Hirawadi Panchavati accused Digambar More and 12 to 13 others of ransacking his house.Babubhai said that he is a supporter of the NCP, while Poonam More, the wife of the accused Digambar, contested on a Shiv Sena ticket.Digambar and some others had allegedly entered his house and asked him why he supported Sharad Koshire, at 6pm on February 18. They later ransacked the house. The police have registered a complaint.In the third case, Dileep Lahamge of Avdhoot Wadi, Dindori Road, Panchavati, said that Ajay Nikam and two others entered his house on February 17 and started beating him up along with his wife for supporting the Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS).A complaint has been registered at the police.In a complaint with the Sarkarwada police, Ganesh Changle of Gharpure Ghat, while celebrating the victory of a friend, Harish Gangurde, and four others picked up a quarrel over the lighting of fire-crackers in a procession and then attacked him with a weapon.Yuvraj Tile and seven to eight others have been charged with robbing Dr Sunil Dhikle of Panchavati. Dhikle said the accused said they should stop campaigning for another candidate on February 16. A scuffle broke out, in which they allegedly snatched Dhikle's 40-gm gold chain and robbed him of cash. Tile complained against Rahul Dhikle and 14-15 others. Tile said Rahul entered the house and questioned him for contesting, at 10.30am. He said Dhikle and the others snatched a gold chain worth Rs 1 lakh from a family member and ransacked the house.Break-in: Thieves entered a flat of Dhonda Raghvendra Rao of Manish Plaza, Anandwalli, Pipeline Road, and stole cash and jewellery, totally worth Rs 85,000 on February 18. The Gangapur police have registered a case.Chain-snatching: A chain worth Rs 60,000 was snatched from a 73-year-old woman near Bhagur Devi temple at 3pm on February 15. Shobhana Bavre said two youths on a motorcycle snatched the chain. The Devlali Camp police are investigating the case.Theft: A gold chain worth Rs 42,000 was stolen from Shubam Alankar, Saraf Bajar, Devi Mandir, on February 18. Vilas Mahale said a couple posed as customers. The Nashik Road police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "rae bareli", "code": "11958013", "title": "Rebel's flag in Congress bastion", "text": "RAE BARELI: At 1pm, the polling was quietly underway at primary school Khaspari of Rae Bareli Sadar seat. Suddenly, the arrival of a white kurta-pyjama clad man broke the monotony. Some voters stood up in reverence while a few stepped forward to touch his feet.\"Aur... ko jitihye is baar (who will this time),\" the man asked a woman. \"Aapke siva ko jit sakat hai yahan (who else but you can win from here),\" she replied in a low tone.Newly wed Sarika, asked her mother-in-law, about the high-profile visitor. \"Ye Bhaiyyaji hain (He is Bhaiyyaji),\" she said. Waving to voters, Akhilesh Singh, popularly known as Bhaiyyaji, soon left to inspect polling at the neighbouring Ratapur school.Singh has been MLA from Rae Bareli Sadar seat since 1993. At Ratapur school, supporters swarmed Singh's car to wish him luck. In Shaktinagar, voters raised slogans in his praise. Akhilesh, a Congress rebel, is giving a direct challenge to the party in Sonia Gandhi's constituency. Though a 'bahubali', many voters call him a Robin Hood. Even policemen have high 'regards' for him. He left the Congress in 2002 and contested as an Independent in 2007 assembly election.This time he has been given ticket by Peace Party and is facing Congress's Avadhesh Bahadur Singh, BSP's Pushpendra Singh and SP's Ram Pratap Yadav. On what led to his exit from the Congress, Akhilesh said, \"A political party in a democracy cannot be the monopoly of a family. I disagree with this and so I am out of it.\" About joining the Peace Party, he said, \"I believe that isolated winners cannot make an impact in a democracy. Then, I agree with their ideology.\"In urban areas of Rae Bareli Sadar seat, Bhaiyaji appeared to be voters' unanimous choice. \"He is extremely helpful and almost a part of many families,\" said RB Srivastava, a retired government officer coming out of the booth. Though thankful to Sonia Gandhi for bringing NIFT and ITI to their district, Anu Singh, a housewife, said, \"He is more approachable than any of the Congress stalwarts.\" Baba Sant Ram, an aide of Bhaiyyaji, said what police can't settle, Singh can.Locals in Shaktinagar Akhilesh despite his criminal image. Akhilesh has has a dozen criminal cases pending against him including those of murder, attempt to murder, kidnapping for ransom, extortion and dacoity. Shabista Brajesh, a lawyer in Shaktinagar, refused to see this as shady side of her leader. \"The criminal cases have nothing to do with his role as an MLA. He is Robin Hood for his people,\" she said. Akhilesh's popularity reflects in his vote share. In 1993, when he contested the election for the first time, he secured 50% of the total votes polled which was two and a half times more than his nearest rival.In 2002, his vote share swelled to 74% while that of candidate who came second was 12.8%. His vote share slipped to 50% in 2007 when he contested as an Independent. The decline qas attributed to departure of dedicated Congress voters. This time too, the indifference of staunch Congress voters towards Akhilesh was evident, especially in areas touched by Priyanka's charisma. \"We supported him only till he was in Congress,\" said Hari Shankar Sharma of Kuchariya village, a Congress loyalist. Shakuntala Devi of Uttar Para village voted for Congress only because Priyanka spoke nicely to her. \"They have done so much for Rae Bareli,\" she said. Locals claim that Congress, due to Priyanka's charisma, is all out to win this heart of Rae Bareli. \"Unlike previous years, she held two public meetings in rural areas of Rae Bareli Sadar,\" said a Congress polling agent suggesting one to read between the lines.The reinforcement from her lead to an increase in constituency's overall poll percentage. The local election office said that more than 61% votes were polled by 5pm, highest since 1977. More than 3.18 lakh voters are enrolled in this seat.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11956089", "title": "Mining in Goa has crossed its carrying capacity, says panel", "text": "PANAJI: Mining has crossed the state's social and environmental carrying capacity, as reflected from lower satisfaction levels in all facets among people in mining areas due to environmental and other problems, Western Ghats ecology experts panel (WGEEP) stated.In its report to the Union ministry of environment and forest (MOEF), the 18-member panel headed by Madhav Gadgil has expressed concern about pollution of water bodies and dipping of the ground water table, as also topographical, morphological and land use changes due to intensive mining activity.\"Suspended particulate matter in the mine and tailings discharge water used for paddy cultivation can be major threats to sustainability of fertility of these agricultural lands,\" the report states. NEERI's (national environmental engineering research institute, Nagpur) case study of Sirigao mining submitted in March 2009 showed that silt deposition from mining overburdens has degraded soil fertility in agricultural fields.Runoffs from mining dumps, located close to water bodies and agricultural lands in most areas aggravate the existing problem of siltation. Loading of barges is also carried out on river banks. \"Sedimentation of river beds and estuaries, especially the Mandovi-Zuari estuarine complex and flooding of the rivers in Bicholim and Sanquelim have been attributed to this activity,\" the report states.Citing a few studies regarding the negative impact of Goa's mining activities on local hydrology, the panel has referred to the societal effects of draining of mining pits. \"The impact of changes in groundwater is disproportionately borne by women who are more vulnerable to insecurity, poverty, and ill health.In the specific case of Sirigao, NEERI had documented depletion of the local groundwater resources. \"The deepening of the mine pit to the level of -30m to -40m has led to reversal of groundwater flow direction from Sirigao to the deep mine,\" the study noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bikaner", "code": "11956723", "title": "Two-day 'Army mela' concludes in Bikaner", "text": "BIKANER: The two-day long \"Army Mela\" came to a close here on Sunday.On the occasion, various types of tanks, guns, machine guns, carbines, arms and ammunition were on display for the public. Children enjoyed riding the tanks and other army vehicles. A special camp was organized to apprise the youths of a career in army.The fair was organized by Ranbankura Division of the Army and was inaugurated by its General Officer Commanding Major General S Sridhar. Inaugurating the mela, Major General Sridhar said such occasions are meant to make the army people-friendly and provide an opportunity to the existing and retired army personnel for redressal of their grievances. He said a number of welfare schemes have been introduced by the central and state governments for army personnel, such shows acquaint them with these schemes.A \"Pension Court\" was also in place for on-the-spot settlement of pension-related issues. Besides this, camps for re-settlement of retired armed personnel, free medical check ups, army welfare education society, army group insurance, housing scheme were also organized.On this occasion, wives of ex-armymen were honoured. They were Chandra Kanwar, Shayar Kanwar, Pawan Kanwar, Magni Devi, Nirmala Devi, Sharda Devi and Mohan Kanwar. Sridhar also presented three-wheeler scooters to physically handicapped army personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955677", "title": "Scanner back on Park Street police officers", "text": "KOLKATA: With the arrest of three car-rape accused and the occurrence of the crime proved beyond doubt, the scanner is back on a section of Park Street police. The police station officers, including the OC, were accused of delaying the process of probe and making crude comments in front of the victim, which tantamounts to misbehaviour and causing humiliation to the victim.The victim's going to the media prompted the top city police brass to probe the allegation thoroughly. Police commissioner R K Pachnanda has entrusted joint commissioner (traffic) Supratim Sarkar with the investigation into the allegation of misbehaviour. \"The allegation will be thoroughly probed,\" Pachnanda promised.The accusation against these officers of Park Street police station had got somewhat diluted with investigators being puzzled with the case itself, with those named in the FIR coming up with strong alibis. Later, of course, it was found to be a case of impersonation by the accused. Once the true identities of the accused were established, the victims' allegation against certain Park Street police station officers and their alleged unkind remarks also turn into a strong case for a probe.The officer in charge of Park Street police station, Mohammed Kalimuddin, interrogated the victim. In the absence of any lady-constable, much to the discomfort of the victim, he allegedly asked her how the rape could have happened in a car. He also wanted to know the nitty-gritty of the incident, even the postures in which she was raped.The law - and basic decency - dictates that a rape victim be handled with utmost sensitivity. But the victim alleged that some officers at Park Street police station taunted her for going to a nightclub and even tried to malign her character. According to 157 CrPC and Law Commission reports, only a lady officer can examine a rape victim in the presence of her guardians and at a place that is comfortable to her. But the car-rape victim was accompanied by a male officer for forensic tests at Calcutta Medical College.According to forensic medicine experts at Calcutta Medical College, her complaint should ideally have been formally accepted on February 8 itself and the forensic medical test should have been done on the same day and even the report could have been obtained on that very day.\"The investigator came to the Medical College without the victim on February 11. The test could have been done on that very day. But on the insistence of police, we asked them to present the patient on February 14. The test was done on February 14 and the report was ready by afternoon. But Park Street police obtained the report only on February 16. All these are serious lapses on part of the investigators,\" said a forensic medicine expert at Medical College.Sarkar said: \"I have spoken to both the victim and the accused officers. The statements are being tallied. The probe is now in the final stage. I will submit the report shortly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957285", "title": "No map on maritime zones of coastal countries", "text": "What are territorial waters?For most of the time since human beings started maritime journeys and economic exploitation of the sea, the marine environment has remained free. It was the 16th century when nations first started attempts to control coastal waters. By the 17th century it was realised that any country could control coastal waters to the distance which was in the range of the cannons placed on its shore. By the 'Cannon Shot' rule, the limit to territorial waters was fixed at 3 nautical miles (nm) from the shore. Territorial waters falls under the jurisdiction of the country. Although many countries accepted this rule as international law, there was no global consensus. The first step to make laws of the sea that were globally accepted was the 1958 Geneva conference of the UN. Subsequently, there were conferences in 1960 and 1973. The convention of 1982, which came into force in 1994, is universally accepted and now has more than 120 signatories. This convention for the first time defined the boundary of the territorial waters, limiting it to 12 nm from a country's coastline.Can ships of other countries pass through the territorial waters of a country?Although the territorial waters, the seabed and the airspace above are under the sovereignty of a coastal state, there is one exception. Every country has the right of 'innocent passage' through the territorial waters of any coastal state. Innocent passage is defined as transit from the territorial waters without any prejudicial intent to the peace, good order or security of the coastal state. A coastal state is allowed to act if it assesses a threat or use of force against its sovereignty, territorial integrity or political independence. The state can act if it notices any exercise of weapons, attempt to collect information against the state, propaganda against the state, carrying of onboard aircraft or military device.What are the other maritime zones?Every coastal country is allowed to declare a maximum of 24nm from the baseline from which the breadth of the territorial sea is measured as the contiguous zone. The use and control of the contiguous zone is defined in the Geneva Convention of 1958 on Territorial Seas and the Contiguous Zone. In this zone, the coastal state may exercise the control necessary to prevent infringement of its customs, fiscal, immigration or sanitary regulations within its territory or territorial sea. It can also punish infringement of these regulations if committed within its territorial waters. Beyond the contiguous zone is the exclusive economic zone. This zone, whose limit was fixed in the 1982 convention, extends up to 200 nm from a coastal state's baseline. The state has sovereign rights of exploring, exploiting, conserving and managing the natural resources in this zone. In this zone, state gets sovereign rights for economic exploitation, no sovereignty.Is there any exact map showing all maritime zones worldwide?Unfortunately there is no such map because in the present circumstances there seems no consensus among the countries. There are several reasons for this. Firstly the outer limits of all maritime zones are measured from baselines which can be straight or archipelagic. There is no authentic data available about the baselines of all coastal countries. National claims may also differ in case the maximum allowed maritime limits of two neighbouring countries are clashing. There are also several territories disputed between various countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "11957600", "title": "Centre determined to end GNLA: Home minister", "text": "SHILLONG: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Sunday toughened New Delhi's stand on countering the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) in Meghalaya, saying the government is focused on ending militancy in this northeastern state.\"The numbers are small but we are determined to put an end to the scourge of militancy by the GNLA. The police will make every attempt to control their attacks and apprehend their leaders or cadres,\" he told journalists after reviewing the security situation in the Meghalaya state capital on Sunday.Ruling out the possibility of army deployment in the insurgency-ravaged districts of Garo Hills in the western part of Meghalaya, Chidambaram exuded confidence that the state police and the central armed police are capable of handling the situation.The home minister, who reviewed the security situation in Meghalaya with chief minister Mukul Sangma, besides other central, state government and police officials, said, \"GNLA is a declared terrorist organization. There won't be any talks with them but they have to abjure violence and give up arms.\"On January 12, the Centre had declared the GNLA, a rebel outfit operating in the three impoverished districts of Garo Hills, a terrorist outfit under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act due to its growing terror activities in certain parts of the state.Warning the people not to support the GNLA, Chidambaram said the law would take its own course against those extending any help to the Garo outfit, which is, ostensibly, fighting for a separate 'Garoland' to be carved out of Meghalaya.On the ongoing peace talks with the Achik National Volunteers Council (ANVC), another rebel outfit operating in Garo Hills, Chidambram said, \"As long as they are in talks mode, we are happy and would continue to engage them in talks and whatever is possible will be done. I am happy the state government is also fully cooperating.\"The ANVC is fighting for a Garoland Autonomous Council in Meghalaya's Garo Hills region. It entered into a tripartite ceasefire with the central and the state governments on July 23, 2004.However, when asked about the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), a secessionist group operating in eastern Meghalaya, Chidambaram was at sea. He didn't seem to be familiar with the HNLC and turned to the Meghalaya chief minister for a clarification on this.Sangma, who replied on his behalf, said, \"As you are aware, we have been able to contain them (HNLC) and would try to continue to do so.\" The HNLC, which conducts hit-and-run operations from its hideout in Bangladesh , has been demanding a sovereign Khasi homeland in eastern Meghalaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "11955857", "title": "Two Naxals surrender in Gadchiroli", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Two hardcore Naxalites including a woman, laid their arms before police in Gadchiroli on Saturday. Surrendered Naxals - Somi Alias Nirmala Lalu Kulmethe (25) and Jagat alias Sukhram Sonu Madavi (19) - had served various dalams in Maharashtra and Chhattisgarh and also shouldered the responsibility of tutors for the Naxal cadres.Official sources informed that Somi Kulmethe had joined the Naxal movement in 2000. She served for Aheri and Bhamragad dalam in Gadchiroli and Kohokameta dalam in Narayanpur (Chhattisgarh). She also served as tutor in the Naxal school in Metapara located in Naxal heartland Abujhmarh during her stint. Both of them were involved in multiple Naxal offences.Jagat Madavi had joined Naxal movement in 2008 and served in Kohokameta dalam. He was a teacher in Naxal school in Metapara with Somi Kulmethe. But, both were fed up of the oppression of the seniors. They claimed that they were denied basic necessities, humiliated, thrashed and abused by the senior members. Both of them then decided to put down their arms under Naxal surrender scheme of state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957223", "title": "Biker uses earphones, gets run over by train", "text": "NEW DELHI: The victim, Mohit Singh, 25, was run over by a train in the Mundka area in north Delhi while he was crossing rail tracks on his bike, cops said.His friend who was riding pillion was saved after he jumped off the bike in the nick of time. The man was going towards Nangloi with his friend when the accident took place. Anil, a witness, said, \"He was insensible to the train's approach due to the earphones, but his friend jumped off when he saw the train.\" They said the man did not use the main crossing, and had taken a shortcut.\"We received a call around 4pm. We have sent the body for postmortem and are waiting for the report. It appears that the man could not hear the train coming. Investigations are on,\" said B S Gurjar, additional DCP, railways.This is the fourth death in around one week that has been caused by earphones. The other incidents were reported from Azadpur, Sahibabad and Faridabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955235", "title": "Humpback dolphins set free from nets off Kovalam, 1 dies", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bittersweet end to a rescue on the Kovalam coast on Sunday, one of two Indo-Pacific humpback dolphins extricated from fishing nets died shortly after it was released. The other dolphin swam out into the bay.When a group of fishermen who had cast out to sea from Kovalam village spotted a pod of dolphins close to their boat, they did a quick check and found that one of the marine mammals was trapped in their nets. They quickly headed back to shore so more dolphins did not get entangled in the nets.When the fishermen got to shore, they found that two dolphins were trapped. The fishermen, members of the Sea Turtle Protection Force of the Tree Foundation (TF) released both dolphins. One swam away, but the other looked weak and didn't move. \"I asked them to hold the dolphin in the water with its blowhole above water, but that didn't help,\" said TF chairperson Supraja Dharini. The male Indo-Pacific humpback dolphin, which weighed about 250kg, had wounds on its tail, snout and belly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11958125", "title": "3 women held for stealing", "text": "MADURAI: City police picked up three women belonging to the same family for stealing from unsuspecting passengers travelling in buses, by diverting their attention through various tactics. After repeated incidents, the city police commissioner, P Kannappan had ordered a special team to be formed to nab the culprits. Kavitha (33) and Manimala (30), wives of one Moorthi and his sister, Balasundari (30) from Velichanatham used to regularly involve in diversionary tactics and steal the valuables from passengers. Police said the trio confessed to stealing 0.75 sovereign gold ornaments from Dhanalakshmi of Nariampatti on February 2 and 2.25 sovereign gold from Hema of Pothumbu on February 9 at the Periyar bus stand. They also stole two mobile phones from Gopi of Sellur on February 16 and managed to relieve two victims of their gold ornaments weighing five and 4.5 sovereigns each on Saturday. The police recovered Rs 3 lakh worth gold jewels from the women and recovered the mobile phones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957200", "title": "Seat belts not in place, airbags failed to save", "text": "NEW DELHI: The airbags of the Lamborghini did pop out as Anukool Rishi hit a cyclist on the BRT corridor on Sunday but could not save the 26-year-old entrepreneur who had got married in November. The cyclist had a miraculous escape with head injuries.Police are examining the CCTV footage on the corridor to ascertain the sequence of events. \"Anukool sustained severe injuries in his stomach as the pillars of the railing must have hit him when he got thrown off the car due to the accident. The flesh from his stomach had come out when we spotted him and there were chunks of flesh on the rear-view mirrors, too. Had the door not opened and he stayed inside the car, his life could have been saved - wearing the seat belt could have reduced the damage,\" a senior cop said. Anukool, the son of MVL chairman P A Rishi, died on the spot.Both cops and experts say that from the damages caused by the accident, it appeared that the driver had lost control over the car as he was driving at a high speed. \"It's very much possible that he may not have worn the seatbelt as he got thrown off the car when the door on his side got smashed and fell apart at the time of the accident. The condition of the Lamborghini, which can hit up to 340kmph and zoom from 0 to 62kmph in just two and a half seconds, suggests that it must have been at a speed of over 150kmph,\" said an automobile expert.Anukool's family at their Sainik Farms residence is in a state of shock. \"Anukool studied at a leading B-school in the capital before going to the United Kingdom for further studies. He was a young, bright entrepreneur and this surely is the worst thing that could have happened to him and his family,\" said a neighbour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11956968", "title": "Graft victim can appeal tainted babu\u2019s acquittal: Bombay HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Those who complain of corruption or bribery in the government are \"victims\" under the law and can file an appeal challenging the acquittal of an accused bureaucrat, the Bombay high court has ruled.A division bench of Justices V M Kanade and M L Tahaliyani recently expanded the legal definition of the word \"victim\" in the amended Criminal Procedure Code to include complainants in corruption cases.The judges said, \"In a case under the Prevention of Corruption Act, the inaction or omission on the part of the public servant of not passing any order on an application or passing an adverse order since bribe is not given would constitute the loss or injury and therefore, even such a complainant would fall within the category of a victim.''The court was hearing a petition filed by 38-year-old B U Batteli, who sought to challenge the acquittal of two government officers in a corruption case that he had lodged against them.Earlier, under the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), only the prosecution agency could give the go-ahead to file an appeal in any criminal case. Amendments introduced by the Union government in 2009 allowed \"victims\" to file an appeal without the nod of the police.They could challenge acquittals or judgments which convicted the accused for a lesser offence, or if the compensation ordered by the court was inadequate. The victims, however, could not appeal against the quantum of sentence awarded by a court.Advocates for the accused government officers in the present case argued that a complainant in a case under the special anti-corruption law could not be considered as a \"victim\" as he or she did not suffer any loss or injury.This argument was dismissed by the court, which pointed out that the special law allowed a person to file a complaint against a public servant who demands a bribe. \"The loss or injury caused, therefore, in such a case cannot be equated with the loss or injury caused in the case where the person is inflicted a physical injury, or wrongful loss is caused to his property or valuable security, as in the case where a complaint of cheating is filed,\" said the court. The judges said that injury in cases filed under the anti-corruption law \"is caused by the public servant in not discharging his statutory duty\".For Batelli, however, there was no reprieve. The trial court had acquitted the accused government officers in May 2009, while the changes to the CrPC came into effect only in December 2009. The high court ruled that the change in law did not have a retrospective effect and therefore could not be applied in Batelli's case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11960256", "title": "India's decision to import Iran oil a slap on US face: Burns", "text": "WASHINGTON: India's decision to continue importing Iranian oil is a slap on the face of the United States, which is galvanising the international community to isolate Tehran, according to a former US diplomat who was Bush Administration's pointman on Indo-US civilian nuclear deal.\"This is bitterly disappointing news for those of us who have championed a close relationship with India. And, it represents a real setback in the attempt by the last three American Presidents to establish a close and strategic partnership with successive Indian governments,\" former Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Nicholas Burns wrote in an op-ed in current-affairs magazine 'The Diplomat' today.\"India's decision to walk out of step with the international community on Iran isn't just a slap in the face for the US - it raises questions about its ability to lead,\" said Burns.India, which relies on Iran for 12 per cent of its oil imports, has refused to scale it down.Only recently, Burns had written an op-ed in The Boston Globe arguing that the US should commit to an ambitious, long-term strategic partnership with India. \"I remain convinced of its value to both countries and to the new global balance of power being created in this century,\" he wrote.\"With its unhelpfulness on Iran and stonewalling on implementation of the landmark US-India Civil Nuclear Agreement, however, the Indian government is now actively impeding the construction of the strategic relationship it says it wants with the United States,\" Burns said.Presidents Barack Obama and George W Bush have met India more than halfway in offering concrete and highly visible commitments on issues India cares about, he said, adding unfortunately India has made no corresponding gesture in return for the big vision that Obama and Bush have offered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960607", "title": "Karnan: Old wine in new bottle", "text": "Will Karnan ring in a trend of old films being restored and re-released on the big screen?'They just don't make them like they used to'. Most of us would have come across this common refrain from our elders at some point in our lives and, in most cases, it would be the films of today that invite such a remark.But film restoration has ensured the younger generation has a chance to catch these films on the big screen. Shanthi Chokkalingam, a citybased distributor, has restored the Sivaji Ganesan epic Karnan. He is planning to release the film statewide.Film preservation is a popular concept in Hollywood where rerelease of classics happen every year and film studios and directors like Martin Scorsese actively take part. In India, we have seen restored, coloured versions of Mughal-e-Azam (2004), Maya Bazaar (2010) and Hum Dono (2011) being rereleased. Karnan is the first Tamil film to be restored to its original glory.Says Chokkalingam, \"Karnan made a huge impact on me during my childhood. With the help of technology, I wanted to bring the film back to the big screens to give audiences a taste of the movie's grandeur and valuable message.\" But the path to making his dream come true was a very challenging one. \"The sound negative was totally gone and the five to six reels from the picture negative were damaged to a great extent,\" he says.The costs of restoration are certainly prohibitive. It costs over one crore rupees to scan each frame individually to the current industry standard of 2K resolution and restore them frame-by-frame. \"A citybased studio told us that they will undertake this project as a special consideration. Till date, the project has cost me 40 lakhs and three years to complete,\" he reveals.Actor Y Gee Mahendra, who has started the Nadigar Thilagam Film Appreciation Society, a private film club for fans of the actor, says that they screen movies from DVDs as most films do not have their prints. \"While film restoration is a very expensive process, the end result is something that you wouldn't forget soon. Watching battle scenes featuring 500 to 600 actual persons is grander than watching a scene in which the crowd is digitally created,\" he says.Meanwhile, Chockalingam is trying to replicate the festivity that surrounded the film during its release in 1963 and is having a grand trailer launch of the film on Tuesday. \"Most of our films have become so damaged that we will never be able to see them on the big screen. A classic example is Thillana Mohanambal, whose prints have been totally damaged. I'm happy that I was able to save Karnan which I'm sure will last for 100 more years after this restoration,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955674", "title": "Property, water tax collection take Rs 13 crore poll hit", "text": "NAGPUR: The new government in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) will have a financial crisis as one of its first challenges. Ironically, it will be caused by the very elections that propel it to power. The already cash-strapped civic body has suffered a major jolt in recovery of property and water tax.NMC revenue has been increasing every year. It was the same in the current fiscal too. However, with the elections coming close to end of financial year, two of three major revenue sources have been affected to some extent. The revenue from property and water tax is actually less than that of last fiscal.As on February 12, the property tax collection was Rs 86.22 crore. It was Rs 98.30 crore in the corresponding period last year. The collection has dwindled by Rs 12.08 crore. With this, it is clear that the NMC will miss the target of Rs 175 crore from property tax.Similarly, water tax revenue has also declined. As on February 12, the collection was Rs 62.54 crore against last year's Rs 63.24 crore marking a decline of Rs 70 lakh. Given that the target this year was Rs 140 crore, it is a huge hit.\"Many tax inspectors are doing election work for over one and a half months. The process to attach properties of defaulters, visiting the households and giving notice, all measures to increase the collection, could not begin. In the one month available after the election, we will concentrate on collection,\" said an official.The tax payers who do not pay up may face problems too. Already, the administration has started levying 24% annual interest on late payment. Official sources said NMC was set to introduce property tax on ready reckoner basis from April 1. This will increase the tax to a great extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "11958154", "title": "Bokaro DC shoots off demolition letter to BSL", "text": "BOKARO: Deputy commissioner Sunil Kumar has sent a strong letter to Bokaro Steel Plant (BSL) managing director S S Mohanty expressing concern about the company's failure to stop re-encroachment in areas which were evacuated by the anti-encroachment drive in 2011 following the directive of the Jharkhand high court.Sources said the DC letter, which reportedly exposed the reality, has been taken very seriously by BSL officials and apparently created split between the administration and the management. But the fissure, however, has become blessing in disguise for the unauthorized occupants as second phase of anti-encroachment drive to be conducted by both the authorities has stopped, despite the high court has recently directed the BSL to remove all encroachment by May.The DC in his letter (no.602) has clearly mentioned that removing encroachment from any area creates serious law and order problems. In this situation, re-encroachment on the lands which were evacuated earlier put a question mark on efficiency of public sector undertaking (PSU).Kumar has asked Mohanty to take strict action against his employees and officials of the departments responsible for re-encroachment. He has also asked the BSL MD to direct his officers of the town and administration department citing the high court order to stop re-encroachment.According to DC letter, the high court on April 1, 2011 ordered removal of encroachment from the BSL lands. Acting on the court directives and eviction order (EO) provided by the BSL management, the administration had conducted anti-encroachment drive and removed numbers of cowsheds, slums, shops in Sector-II/B, III/C, IV, Masjid Maidan, City Centre, Addakuwari, Kashmir Colony and few other spots.The DC said except for Addakuwari and Kashmir Colony in Balidih, the BSL failed to take possession of the evacuated lands, prompting the squatters to reoccupy the areas again. \"In few areas like City Centre, the shops have again started operating in illegal way and that double to its size which was removed earlier.\"Following the high court order, the administration is prompt to provide best possible support to BSL for removing encroachment. \"But the BSL should at least take anti-encroachment drive seriously and stop re-encroachment,\" said DC.He added that the high court in its order had clearly mentioned that before beginning the demolition drive in the area, the authorities should cut down illegal power and water supply connections of the unauthorized occupants.Sources said the BSL and the administration officers were seen blaming each other for blocking the drive before its begin again. While the BSL officers are accusing the administration of not providing security personnel to conduct the drive, the administrative officials are claiming that they are ready to provide every support but the BSL should first initiate cutting down water and supply in encroached areas.BSL chief of communication Sanjay Tiwari confirmed that the letter had been received by MD but refused to comment.According to information provided by the BSL to the court, 2086.39 acres of the company was under unauthorized occupation. Of which, 2,357 units of plots have been made encroachment-free comprising 100 acres in the first phase of anti-encroachment drive conducted by BSL in 2011. The BSL has suffered loss of around Rs 3,37,376 in the past four months over the expenditure incurred on the electricity and water consumed by unauthorized occupants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11956965", "title": "Adventure on mind, he wants to see ghosts", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Been born and brought up in the Himalayas, 20-year-old Nishant Thakur loves the feeling of facing a new adventure every day. Perhaps, this is the reason why he wants to live a life on the edge before it all ends on D-Day.The youngster also wishes to compose a doomsday song, see ghosts, take part in an eco-friendly activity and support every person who wishes to do something for the country.But if actually the world was actually going to end on December 21, then Nishant would start his hunt to look for crazy adventures. \"And if possible, I will buy a valley and have all adventure sports there only for myself. Only if I run out of money will I let others enter the place on payment basis,\" he says.The 20-year-old also wishes to explore places that are still undiscovered. \"I am curious to see these places as real natural beauty can only be experienced only where humans have not reached as yet. We are all good at spoiling things,\" he adds. He also wishes to enhance Chandigarh's beauty by giving it his own artistic touch.After satisfying his adventure bud, this student of Bahra University wishes to face some real ghosts. \"I have lived in Himachal Pradesh , where every village has a ghost story to tell. If I too see a ghost, people will narrate my tale too,\" he smiles. A patriot at heart, Nishant wants to support every person who would do something for the country. He then wants to compose a song on doomsday. \"Music has always been my passion so I will compose a song before dying, and if possible, will distribute it to every person on the earth so that they hear it on D-Day,\" he adds.He also has plans to light up Indian villages. \"I own a small venture 'Light India' and build handmade lamps out of wood, which are eco-friendly. I would like to spread this art to every village and town,\" he shares. But most importantly, Nishant says he hopes the world would end in such a way that it causes least pain to the people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11958306", "title": "BSY\u2019s porngate jibe irks Poojary", "text": "MANGALORE: Veteran Congress leader B Janardhan Poojary on Sunday came down heavily on former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa for his recent remarks on the porngate scandal and termed them irresponsible.\"Let Yeddyurappa watch such porn clips at home. But, he should not think that others would do like him,'' he said. He said Yeddyurappa, who has left for Varanasi on the occasion of Shivarathri, should not have made such a statement. \"Kashi Vishwanatha will definitely not bless him,\" Poojary said.Speaking to reporters on the sidelines of \"Urulu Seve\" organized to mark the centenary celebrations of Kudroli Shri Gokarnatheshwara Temple and also Shivarathri at the temple, Poojary said the statement by the former chief minister was an indicator of the true character of Yeddyurappa and his family. Yeddyurappa on Saturday has come out in support of the three former ministers involved in the porngate. At a programme in Shimoga on Saturday, the former chief minister defended the trio, who are his supporters, and targeted the media. He said: \"It (ministers watching porn clips in the assembly) has been blown out of proportion by the media. Everybody watches it. Don't you watch them?''Poojary also sought to end any speculation on his candidature saying he is not among the ticket aspirants for the upcoming Udupi-Chikmagalur bypoll.\"I am not among the ticket aspirants from the Congress. I will campaign for those who get the ticket,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957149", "title": "Fatal Lamborghini crash in Delhi's BRT corridor", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 26-year-old son of a real estate tycoon died in the early hours of Sunday when the Lamborghini he was driving crashed at high speed into the railings adjoining a bus stand in south Delhi's BRT corridor. A cyclist was critically injured in the accident.Anukool Rishi, whose father P A Rishi is chairman of MVL Ltd , was thrown out of the car as the impact ripped apart the door on the driver's side. He was declared 'brought dead' at hospital. The accident took place around 5am, police said.Police said Anukool lost control of the vehicle, which climbed a lane separator before ramming into the railings at the Krishi Vihar Bus stand near Panchsheel on the Bus Rapid Transit stretch.The Lamborghini broke 20 spokes of the railing and kept moving ahead for around 150 metres, before it hit the cyclist Kishan, 50, and stopped after banging into a pole. Police sources said, going by the damage, the car would have been moving at more than 150kmph.Anukool was director of business development at MVL, a company that also manufactures mobile phones. He was coming from the Chirag Delhi side and moving towards Moolchand. His blood samples have been sent to test for alcohol. No one apart from Kishan actually saw the accident, police said.Badri Nath Dubey, a guard at a nearby bungalow, was the first to reach the spot and immediately made a PCR call.\"When I came out of the bungalow on hearing the crash, I saw broken railings on the right side of the road. The wreckage of an orange car lay under a bent traffic light pole on the left and two injured persons were lying on the road,\" he said.Anukool, who had got married on November 19, succumbed to his injuries even though the airbags of the car popped out. Police suspect he was not wearing a seat belt and may have been trying to overtake another vehicle. However, the cops have not given an official account of how the accident took place because there were no eyewitnesses.\"We received a call around 5.15am. We rushed the victims to the AIIMS Trauma Centre where the driver of the Lamborghini was found dead while the other person was admitted for treatment. We have registered a case under appropriate sections of IPC and now the accident cell will further investigate the matter,\" said a senior police officer.Kishan, a resident of Dakshinpuri, was employed in central Delhi and was on his way to work. He was immediately taken to the AIIMS Trauma Centre by the marshals at the corridor, but was not in a position to give a statement till late in the evening. Doctors said he had suffered head injuries. However, he is reported to be out of danger and stable.The body of Anukool was handed over to the family following the postmortem. The police are waiting for the autopsy report for further details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "11957376", "title": "U-turn : US says doesn\u2019t back Balochistan independence", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Amid Pakistani leadership's angry criticism of a bill moved in Congress seeking the right to self-determination for people of Balochistan, the US on Sunday said it does not support independence for the province.\"The US respects the territorial integrity of Pakistan . Members of Congress introduce legislation on numerous foreign affairs topics and these bills do not in any way imply US government endorsement of any particular policy,\" US embassy spokesman Robert Raines said in a statement.The statement came a day after PM Yousaf Raza Gilani condemned the resolution moved in House of Representatives by Congressman Dana Rohrabacher as an attack on Pakistan's sovereignty.\"The department of state does not typically comment on pending legislation, but it is not the policy of the administration to support independence for Balochistan,\" Raines said.Balochistan has witnessed a spike in violence by nationalist groups that are seeking greater autonomy and a say in the exploitation of the southwestern province's abundant natural resources , including minerals and gas.Baloch groups have alleged that hundreds of their activists have been arrested without due process and killed in the past two years.Every week, bodies of the \"missing persons\" or men detained without charge are found across the province. Most allegedly bear marks of torture and bullet wounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11957312", "title": "A PC that thinks like a man, has an IQ of 150", "text": "LONDON: Scientists have created a 'genius' computer, using a mix of logic and 'humanlike' thinking, that they claim can score 150 in an IQ test. A team in Sweden says the computer actually works on a programme which uses a mixture of mathematical logic and 'human-like' thinking, enabling it to outperform previous software on IQ tests, the Daily Mail reported.Even advanced maths programmes usually score below 100. \"We're trying to make programmes that can discover the same types of patterns that humans can see,\" said team leader Claes Strannegard at University of Gothenburg , who says his aim was to make a programme that \"thinks\" like a person.IQ tests are based on seeing visual patterns and guessing number sequences. The average score for people is 100, score of 150 is classified as 'genius' intelligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956288", "title": "17 two-wheelers destroyed in fire at housing society parking", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A total of 17 two-wheelers were gutted in a fire near Cadila Bridge in the wee hours of Sunday following short-circuit in the basement of a building near CTM. A car was also damaged in the incident. Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials managed to douse the flames after two hours of efforts.According to AFES officials, they received a call at 3 am on Sunday that Vaikunthdham Society below Cadila Bridge reported a major fire. \"The society has a basement parking where more than 30 vehicles belonging to the residents were parked. We believe that the fire started from the electricity board there after which the fire spread outside and the petrol tank of one of the vehicles caught flames. All the vehicles in the row then caught fire in no time. In total, 14 bikes and three bicycles got gutted in the incident whereas a car parked nearby has been damaged,\" said AFES official.They added that the building has been damaged up to two stories due to flames from the burning vehicles and the ceiling of the parking is charred.Residents from the nearby societies rushed out fearing arson by some miscreants. However, officials denied the suspicion and said that the fire started from the house itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956382", "title": "Malayalis celebrate 2nd kalotsavam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: About 7,000 Malayalis in Ahmedabad gathered to witness Kerala Kalotsavam, the annual cultural programme organized by the Ahmedabad Kerala Samajam (AKS).Organized for the second time in the city, many celebrities from the television and film industry of Kerala thronged the event such as actor Kalpana, popular television anchor Ranjini Haridas, magician professor Gopinath Muthukad, singer Rimi Tomy, mimicry artiste Saju Kodiyan and Cochin Solo Orchestra.The event saw participation from over 400 members of the AKS. Traditional art forms of Kerala, including thiruvathira, mohiniyattam, naadan nritham, ottanthullal, kathakali, theyyam, bharatanatyam, singarimelam, panchavadyam, among others were presented at the programme.Danseuse Mrinalini Sarabhai was the guest of honour at the event. Gopal Nair was honoured for his unique model of online social service. Nair's online forum Malayali Friends Group (MFG) provides news and information related to all fields and is circulated among Malayalis across the globe.Apart from the opportunity to mingle with other Keralites, the cultural programme offered delicacies from the southern state and there were also stalls selling traditional Kerala fare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960543", "title": "I can\u2019t wait to perform live: Harsha Iyer", "text": "Creativity is not just his only forte - singing, songwriting and using multi-instruments are what and who he is.And if all this wasn't enough, his age makes him one of the youngest artists in India to release his own album. The 19-year old Harsha Iyer released an album last year in a period of six months. \"Producing the album playing all the instruments, getting the sound right, recording and mixing takes a lot of time,\" says Harsha, who did all the production work on his own.Harsha has never studied music and started playing the guitar at the age of 16, as a hobby. \"I do not know the theory of it, but I learned by hearing and listening to songs,\" he says. He listens to bands from all genres. \"I hear anything and everything,\" says Harsha.\"I started with a small setup and eventually I realized that this is what I want to do,\" says Harsha, who gave up going to college. \"I was at home and I started playing all other instruments like the piano, bass, drums and guitars,\" he adds. He has played all the instruments by himself for his debut album Curious Toys.The Chennai based musician started with a punk band but now is a solo artist. \"I can't wait to perform live,\" says Harsha, who has never performed his album songs live. \"I have already started jamming with other people. We are planning to perform as a band,\" says Harsha, adding, \"I have already started writing different material to perform live. I am always creating new material,\" says Harsha. Apart from forming a band Harsha is releasing yet another album. \"The second album will be easier to produce since I already know the drill,\" laughs Harsha. \"The first album I was just experimenting now I know what I want from my album,\" he adds. The new album will have a lot of orchestral music and it will be more complex. \"It is melodic than the first album, more acoustic,\" says Harsha, who practices for 12 to 14 hours a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957092", "title": "\u2018Testing time, but relax\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: With the HSC examinations scheduled to begin in 24 hrs, anxieties are running high in the case of most students. This year, the state board has roped in psychiatrists and councillors for students. Also, they have announced helpline numbers where students who have doubts about or any problems during the boards can call.Increasing cases of insomnia and forgetfulness are brewing among students. Experts are busy advising students to instead relax their minds and rest before the exams, starting February 21.\"With all the anxiety, many students end up forgetting what they've studied. I have personally counselled students to help them reduce stress and given them tips on improving their memory,\" said Dr Vani K, a state board-appointed psychiatrist.\"This year, the board has ensured that students get ample time to revise a day before the exam as they have holidays after every paper,\" said Ajay Kumar, a lecturer from Jai Hind College.Psychiatrists said a barrage of wishes a day before the exams tends to put pressure on the child. \"It is important for the child to be relaxed,\" said psychiatrist Dr Harish Shetty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957147", "title": "Master plan nod may take time", "text": "HYDERABAD: Approval of the master plan for the extended areas of Hyderabad Metropolitan Region is likely to be delayed further with the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) planning to extend the last date for receiving objections and suggestions from citizens.The HMDA has now reportedly taken a decision to extend the date to receive objections and suggestions to March 31 as it has to also draft the master plan in Urdu. This draft is to be displayed at all zonal offices apart from on the HMDA website for the convenience of the Urdu-speaking populace.The draft master plan was released on July 22 of last year inviting objections and suggestions from residents of 35 mandals under its jurisdiction. The deadline has been extended four times with the latest one set to expire on February 21.The decision to have the master plan translated into Urdu was taken by chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy during an HMDA board meeting in January. Mayor Majid Hussain had requested at the meeting that the master plan be made available in Urdu which is also an official language in Andhra Pradesh. Thereupon, the CM directed that the master plan be translated into Urdu.As translation work is critical and loaded with jargon, the process is not likely to be completed before March 1. Another reason for the delay could be that district-level meetings on the master plan have not been wrapped up yet by HMDA. Meetings have been completed in the districts of Mahbubnagar and Nalgonda but yet to take place in Ranga Reddy and Medak. There are demands that the consultative meetings be conducted at the mandal level as against the zonal level. But HMDA, it was learnt, is not keen on organising mandal-level consultations.Most complaints have been found to be on land use where residential areas have been placed in industrial, manufacturing and conservation zones. Road-widening proposals, erroneous survey data and demands for access points to service roads connecting to the Outer Ring Road, too, are among issues that the HMDA has to address.\"The HMDA will collate objections after the deadline has passed and send them to the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department for a decision,\" a planning department official said.The draft master plan was released last year on July 22 and invited objections and suggestions from residents of 35 mandals under its jurisdiction. The deadline has been extended four times with the latest one set to expire on February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957709", "title": "I'll bring cong back to power in state: krishna", "text": "BANGALORE: External affairs minister SM Krishna, who recently announced that he has no qualms about returning to state politics, on Sunday vowed to bring back his party to power in Karnataka. \"I am indebted to the Congress and its top brass who reposed faith in me to work in several capacities, including as chief minister and Union minister. I assume that bringing back the party into power in Karnataka will be a perfect thanksgiving ,'' he told a party meeting in Bangalore.Krishna said he will spend all his experience and energy for the cause of the state unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955304", "title": "First-timers vote for development", "text": "The first-time voters in the city said their ballot was for development and hoped that their pressing the EVM button would bring a government that would focus on road, power, water and education in the state. On Sunday, the city saw a large turnout of first- time voters at the polling booths. Caste factor failed to influence them, most of them said. \"I am least interested in caste and politics. All I want is development, proper roads, uncut power supply and good colleges,'' said Shalini Yadav, a MCom student and resident of Bakshi ka Talab (BKT).An undergraduate student, Sana Rizwi said: \"I was a bit confused whom to vote. The state today faces the problem of unemployment. I voted for a party on the basis of its past achievements and hope it will help youth get jobs.'' Her view was shared by Farmeena Khan, a BCom student. \"There are no jobs opportunities here. Youngsters are migrating to other cities in search of better education and jobs,'' said Farmeena after casting her vote at Central School Gomtinagar.Purvi Tandon, a 12 class student, said, \"I want clean candidates to come into politics and I voted for the one today.\" Youth in Alambagh, Indiranagar, Mahanagar, and even rural areas like Malihabad and Chinhat said politics was not on their mind while voting. \"It's only for the poor facilities for girls in Malihabad that I went to cast my vote. This place has no colleges for girls and have to go to Lucknow,\" said Shabnam. The 22-year old Mohd Atif said: \"I listen to my parents discussing parties and candidates and I always wanted to vote for the right reason. I want proper electricity supply here.\"Students of Class X, Aman and his sister Haya, who study in Lucknow, rued: \"Erratic power supply in Malihabad is the biggest problem.\" Son of an academician, Ayush Awasthi, who was present at IET campus to cast his vote said: Caste is definitely not an issue that can woo youth. After going through the profile of the candidate, I voted for the one who hails from good educational background and is literate too.''Constituting 27% of the electorate, young voters are ready to wage a war for their rights. For 21-year-old Shradha Srivastava, educational qualification of a candidate was the pre-requisite. Hinting at SP candidate from Lucknow North, she said: If a candidate is well educated, he will be able to understand the aspirations of people.''Shivangi and her sister Shristi Sharma walked out of a polling booth with smiles on their faces. Showing the ink mark on their fingers, they said: We now feel that we are responsible citizens of the country. Our vote is valuable to weed out corruption from the society.''Present at Juggaur primary School in BKT, Beenu Yadav, an undergraduate student, said: My vote is my discretion. I want to live in a peaceful environment where women can walk out of their homes safely.''Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960708", "title": "Lisa Haydon: Making hay while the sun shines", "text": "Lisa Haydon gets candid as she talks about her association with Chennai, films and more...As we enter her suite, we walk past a bowlful of pistachios that remind us of the ironically austere repercussions of being a jet-setting fashion model and Bollywood actor.Only later are we made privy to the fact that the Belgian chocolates, placed on Lisa Haydon's bedside table, serve as her 'anytime' comfort food. Dolled up in a sheer top and a figure-hugging mini skirt, she saunters in, looking every bit the smokin' haute Greek goddess and smiles away, into the fray of action.Fielding queries on the oscillating affair with her place of birth, the Chennai-born Lisa, who was recently seen in Rascals, sheepishly confesses, \"I come here for work once every three months. But I don't get to explore the city as I haven't had the time. But, I am fond of Pondicherry and go there often because it's close to nature and has lots of open spaces. And I get to indulge in one of my favourite outdoor activities there - surfing. I wish I could come more often to Chennai and hang out here.\"The Mumbaibased lissome lass who matched Sonam Kapoor beat for beat in Aisha, tells us she's a sucker for south Indian food. \"It's my favourite cuisine. At home, we have uthappam, dosa or idli every single day. Everyone in my family is a hardcore south Indian foodie. I had Chettinad chicken while I was here. But, both my parents being vegan, we eat only vegetarian food at home,\" she says.Lisa, who's had an interesting transition moving from modelling to films, says it's been a whirlwind learning experience. She remarks, \"Getting into films is like starting from scratch. I learn so much all the time. I have been fortunate to work with amazing people like David Dhawan sir, Anil Kapoor, Sanjay Dutt and Ajay Devgn. However, nobody really handholds you in this industry - you're on your own from day one.\"Having done a cameo in the upcoming Telugu film Rachaa, is Kollywood just around the corner? She smiles, \"I haven't given it serious thought. But if an offer came my way, I would embrace it, provided it has something meaningful for me. I've barely managed learning Hindi and now I'll have to learn Tamil.\"That didn't stop Lisa from adding, \"I watched Endhiran in a flight almost a year ago. I thought Rajinikanth was amazing in it.\" Before signing off, we asked the dusky Angelina Jolie doppelganger her pick for the Awards season. She said, \"I am rooting for Brad Pitt to win the Oscar for Best Actor although I'm yet to see Moneyball.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "giridih", "code": "11958281", "title": "Maoists kidnap six road workers in Giridih village", "text": "GIRIDIH: Armed Maoists on Saturday night kidnapped six workers engaged in construction of a road under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana at Bengabad, 20 km from the district headquarters. They also burnt two road rollers and two tractors at the construction site, police said.Rampati Kishwaha, the contractor of the Parditand-Sariya road project, told TOI that a group of about 100 armed Maoists reached the makeshift camp shortly before midnight where the workers were resting with their families and set afire the four vehicles of the project.Later, the rebels took away the six workers - Nirmal Singh, Congress Das, Pravin Verma, Umesh Singh, Alam Ansari and Siraj Ansari - all from neighbouring Bihar at gunpoint.According to the contractor, the area where the incident took place was not a Naxalite-hit pocket and the work was going on smoothly for the past one year. The project was nearing completion. \"The Maoists had not threatened the labourers earlier. There was no demand for any money,\" Kishwaha said.Additional superintendent of police of Giridih Sanjay Kumar confirmed that the six were abducted by the Maoists. \"It was a Naxalite incident,\" he said.Officer in charge of local police station Rajiv Ranjan Sahi said there were unconfirmed reports of Maoists movement in the area recently. The area was not under the Naxalite influence earlier, he said.Gautam Sagar Rana, a former minister of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha who represented Bagodar, a Naxalite-affected area of the district, claimed the Maoists had made inroads in to the areas close to the district headquarters, as the place is 20 km from Giridih town. \"Police should have remained vigilant, when there were reports of Maoists movement in the area since the past one month,\" Rana said.The contractor said the SP and additional SP had contacted him and assured him to start search operations to trace the kidnapped workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11958129", "title": "NGOs unhappy over funds allotted for waste disposal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The dissent among the NGOs might adversely affect the progress of decentralized waste management in the city. Out of the five NGOs entrusted with the project, two mull withdrawing, as they are not happy with the remuneration that was agreed earlier.Even the remaining NGOs complain that they are yet to receive an official work order.\"The project was announced in October. We are still waiting for the list of applicants from the corporation,\" said a spokesman of an NGO associated with the project.\"As far as we know, only one NGO is currently involved in the project. Earlier, the corporation had assigned the task to five NGOs. It is unfair to communicate with one NGO and ignore the rest,\" he said.The corporation had announced that 2,000 biogas plants would be set up in15 selected wards. Till date the corporation has been able to install only 20 biogas plants at Muttada. Another NGO said that the amount given by the corporation to install a plant was insufficient.\"We installed 20 plants at Muttada at a low rate. Now we cannot do the same in the rest of the wards at this rate. It could result in huge loss for us,\" the official said. He added that the plants which were installed at a cost of Rs 6,500 originally cost close to Rs 9,000.One of the NGOs has made it clear that they wouldn't set up plants without water jacket. \"The corporation is interested in low cost plants without water jackets. The jackets would prevent breeding of mosquitoes. It can be installed only at Rs 10,000 or above. But the corporation has asked us to set up plants without jackets at a cost of Rs 6,000. Such plants will develop technical snags in the long run,\" the official pointed out.S Pushpalatha,chairperson,health standing committee said that the corporation would settle all confusions.\"We have already submitted a detailed proposal for setting up ring compost units. The corporation will soon arrive at a decision that will be agreeable to all the NGOs,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956233", "title": "Three more accused arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Maninagar police officials arrested three of the accused in a murder case on Sunday. The number of arrested now totals five. Officials are searching for the remaining accused in the case. Police also recovered an autorickshaw and a knife used in the incident.According to the area's police officials, Raju Desai, 28, a resident of Rabari Vaas, Isanpur, was sitting at a tea stall in Jawahar Chowk at 3.15 pm on Thursday when a group led by Shivam Sharma and Suresh Vaghela assaulted him with sharp weapons. Sharma stabbed him in the stomach and legs with a knife. Desai was taken to LG Hospital where he succumbed to injuries.While the cops already have Sharma and Vaghela in their custody, investigators arrested Altaf Rangrez, 20, Zafar Teli, 22, and Wasim Mohammed Iqbal, 20, all residents of Vatva, from their residences on the basis of a tip-off on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11958236", "title": "Padre, 8 others get Sandesha awards", "text": "MANGALORE: Shree Padre, a pioneer in water harvesting, lyricist Geethapriya, and Kannada writer K V Thirumalesh are among the nine persons who have been chosen for the Sandesha Award-2012.The award, instituted by the Sandesha Foundation for Culture and Education here, carries Rs 10,000 in cash, a shawl, a citation, and a trophy.Writer Vaidehi will be the chief guest while Rev Aloysius Paul D'Souza, bishop of Mangalore Diocese, will preside over the award presentation ceremony slated to be held at Sandesha, Bajjodi here on February 26. Henry D'Souza, bishop of Bellary and chairman of Sandesha, will also be present.Educationist and philanthropist John D'Silva of Karkala will be honoured with special recognition award while Kannada Literature Award will be conferred on K V Thirumalesh, who has to his credit 30 works, among which are anthologies of poems and short stories, collections of columns and reviews, novels, and works on linguistics.The Konkani Literature Award will be given to M Madhava Pai whose greatest contribution is the 750-page Kannada-Konkani dictionary. The Literature Award will be conferred on Catherine Rodrigues who has to her credit 57 Tulu plays.She has also won the Late Dharmasthala Ratnavarma Heggade Tulu drama writing competition award 10 times. Lyricist, writer and movie director Geethapriya aka Laxman Rao Mohite will receive the Sandesha Cinema Award. Sandesha Arts and Journalism awards will be given to internationally acclaimed artist Peter Lewis and editor of Honnapura Samvada Indudhara Honnapura, respectively.The Media Education Award will be conferred on Shree Padre of Kasaragod, an agriculturist.He is known for promoting rain water harvesting and bringing to light the alleged ill-effects of endosulfan pesticide in Padre village of Kasargod in Kerala.The Sandesha Best Teacher Award will be conferred on Rev. Sr. Maria Jyothi AC for services rendered to special children. Late Jerome D'Souza, who had contributed over 1,000 songs, 14 music albums, and two anthologies titled Amchim Podam, has been chosen for the Konkani Music Award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958030", "title": "Does urine therapy work?", "text": "This is an ancient yoga practice. It is rejuvenating, protects the body from ageing, and can cure several chronic diseases, says Acharya V VasudevaUrine therapy is not a new idea, but is an ancient yoga practice. The technique is called Amaroli Mudra in yoga and was practised even in ancient times by a particular sect of yogis called Kapalikas. Present-day urine therapy varies from the ancient method. Traditionally, however, the yogi who practices urine therapy follows a strict discipline in daily life and is very particular about routines, regimens and diet. When done traditionally, it is a wonderful rejuvenating process which protects the body from ageing, keeps it free from disease, greying or wrinkles and bestows longevity.The practiceThough the method of practice and its significance are explained in treatises like Sivambukalpa, the technique should be learnt from a master who has specialised in its practice. Yoga practices say that the first urine of the day is used for drinking. Discarding the first and the last portion of the stream, the middle portion is collected for drinking. sivambu is the name of this middle portion which means nectar or ambrosia. Urine is like nectar, if used according to yogic methods, say our scriptures. Though urine is hot by nature, this portion is inherently cold in potency and has a very positive effect on both the body and the mind.Benefits on healthDaily consumption of sivambu brings optimum health and fitness and prevents sicknesses. Immunity gets a boost and the body does not feel fatigued or exhausted. It is beneficial for obesity , hypertension, thyroid, asthma , diabetes , skin allergies and other chronic diseases.Nasal administrationThe nasal administration of sivambu or nasya is also recommended by yogis. A few drops are put in both nostrils every morning and inhaled deeply. This opens up the nerves and enters deep into the system. It helps remove throat infection and congestion in the chest and is beneficial in sinusitis and brain functions. Both techniques are not common any more as most people are hesitant to drink urine and also fail to follow the rigid rules and disciplines that were prescribed in ancient yoga. There are similar other techniques to sivambu and cow's urine as well. Special usage of cow's urine with external application shows good result in skin allergic conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957773", "title": "Men's preferences influence women's smile", "text": "BANGALORE: Even middle-aged women want to get cosmetic dental surgery done. The most sought-after procedures are veneer or lamination, and bleaching of teeth. Some procedures can change the alignment of teeth without the pain of wiring and braces, say doctors.\"Men today don't like a woman's smile which flashes the gums, like Madhuri Dixit's . They like Priyanka Chopra's smile, which shows only the teeth,\" said Dr Anuradha Navaneetham , medical director in charge of the Hosmat Dental Hospital.\"The science of dentistry has come a long way. When we have an option of correcting our smile, why not do it? Quite often, women are rejected by men because their teeth are not good,\" he adds.The procedures are basic bonding with tooth-coloured restoration, sculpted to help close gaps between teeth.Laminates and veneers, which are thin layers, are bonded on to the teeth. Also, teeth can be discoloured and bleached to get a pearly smile. This trend, popular in the US and European countries, is catching up fast in India. Gum lifts and stripping is done to change the gum line and the colour of gums, say doctors.'' Gum showing or vertical maxillary excess, which is related to the height of the upper jaw, shows long and pale gums when one smiles. This condition is correctable either by veneer or by orthognathic surgery,'' said Dr Deepak S, consultant, maxillofacial surgeon and implantologist, Narayana Hrudayalaya.Foreign Patients Fly In TooAs cosmetic dental surgeries and smile designing are costly affairs in western countries, people from the US, Europe, Africa and Arab countries are visiting India. '' The most challenging are African patients, who have big teeth with gaps. Arab women also prefer to undergo smile correction, oral jewellery (fixing an artificial diamond on a tooth) and dental implants, as it enhances the personality,'' said Dr Shraddha Bahirwani , consultant, dental medicine and aesthetic dentist, Manipal Hospital . '' Sometimes, I get mothers and daughters from Arab countries who undergo smile correction together,'' Bahirwani added.Import A SmileYoung girls and men prefer to bleach their teeth as this makes teeth shiny white. \"We get patients from rural areas, many of them girls, whose teeth becomes yellow because they drink well water. It contains toxins that can turn teeth dark yellow. This can be corrected by bleaching. Men prefer this to remove paan and gutka stains. The material used for designing smiles is sourced from European countries,\" says Dr Navaneetham.Well-known model Pashmina Barker has all the features fit for her profession, but she was very conscious of her smile. \"One of my front teeth broke a few years ago, and two years ago, it also started discolouring. It looked ugly, and made me very conscious about my smile. I visited a dentist, who suggested that my problem could be solved with the help of aesthetic dental surgery and my smile could be redesigned according to my face. In just three sittings, my problem was solved, and I am now looking more beautiful.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955964", "title": "115 industrial workers get one-room flats in Narela", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Peer Mohd left his village in Sultanpur in Uttar Pradesh over a decade ago to support his family, he dreamt of having a home for his wife and children in Delhi some day. He applied for a space that he could call his own under the Rajiv Gandhi Housing Scheme in 2007. The five-year-long wait finally ended on Friday when he became one of the 115 industrial workers to get a provisional allotment of a one-room house under the scheme in Narela.In all, 2,229 flats will be allotted against payments ranging between Rs 1.6 lakh and Rs 3.5 lakh. As many as 11,059 applications were received in 2007 under the scheme for the flats which range from single-room houses to two-room sets with arrangement for an independent kitchen and bathroom. The single-room units come for Rs 1.6 lakh and the two-room unit costs around Rs 3.5 lakh.The Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Corporation is treading carefully in making the allotments as land grabbers are on the prowl. These are being seen as prime real estate in view of the development proposed in Bawana and Narela by various agencies. While the applications under the scheme were submitted in 2007, the process of allotment had almost come to a halt as there were reports of the presence of bogus applicants among the 11,059 applications, sources said.A thorough verification process was launched last year. While 941 applications were found ineligible or were rejected as they were incomplete, the remaining 10,118 qualified on the basis of documents furnished. However, a physical verification has started revealing bogus applicants.For instance, in case of 480 flats, which offer single-room houses in Narela just 122 applications were received. A thorough physical scrutiny of the applicants threw up only 47 genuine cases and in the remaining cases the ground survey found that the applicants was non-existent.After the first round of verification, 115 genuine allottees like Peer Mohd - who struggle to pay a hefty rent for a small dwelling space in Badarpur area in south Delhi - were selected for the allotment. To prevent foul play, the allotment of flats is being done through draw of lots in the presence of a committee comprising representatives of the department of labour, DSIIDC and Industrial Association.The provisional allotment letters being registered in the joint name of husband and wife were handed out on Friday by the CM, who described it as a \"beginning\".With the municipal polls slated for April, the allotments are seen as an attempt to build the faith among the weaker sections that also form the traditional Congress votebank. The allotments are particularly important, as the Dikshit-led state government in a meeting in January put on hold the allotment of flats to slum dwellers under the Rajiv Ratna Awaas Yojna, fearing slum relocation may leave many homeless. The process for allotment of flats to slum dwellers will begin only after the civic polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957201", "title": "Old-timers moving out of Banjara Hills", "text": "HYDERABAD: The oldest occupants of the once leafy, rocky residential area of Banjara Hills are now moving out. The residents, many of whom who were related or worked for the Nizam, and enjoyed the tranquility of the area for decades now find the din unbearable and abhor the commercial structures dotting it now. That the value of their land has shot in the last few years is a realty that they admit played a role in their decision to bid goodbye to Banjara Hills.But it's the memories of this area and also the feeling of being displaced from their own territory that ex-residents speak of. \"I could see Hussain Sagar from the terrace of my old house in 1982,\" says Aleem Khan, who moved to Rai Durgam off Old Bombay Highway in early 2008. Until about 1992, there were just about five properties on Road No. 5 stretch where Khan had a property. \"We had old trees and greenery everywhere. Now, the area has become a concrete jungle with multistoried buildings on all sides. Pollution and traffic are horrible. But Rai Durgam will be traffic and pollution-free for the next eight years,\" he hopes.The many road numbers that divide Banjara Hills are bonded by the stories shared by their former residents. Take Omar Samdhani for example. Samdhani's great grandfather worked as the Nizam's revenue minister and he says he loved his residential address of five decades: Road No. 11, Banjara Hills. He recalls its hill station feel, the thick green cover and the luxury of running into wild animals in the backyard. But those are memories locked up in pictures. He moved to Jubilee Hills a few years ago and speaks with disdain of the callousness with which the government turned a residential stretch so completely commercial. \"I feel bad that there is a large scale destruction of trees,\" he says.A road ahead of the Samdhani residence was Hassan Bilgirami's imposing bungalow that had seen 50 Hyderabadi summers when he decided to sell it. He moved to a quaint part of MLA Colony in Jubilee Hills. The incessant honking and revving of engines round the clock, he says, drove him to his wit's end. It was for similar reasons why former director general of police M A Basith chose to move to Jubilee Hills himself. \"There is no clear demarcation of residential areas from commercial which is why the character of the area has changed,\" he says, adding that once the old residents start leaving others follow suit as many would fall for the soaring land prices and give away their properties for redevelopment.But it's the elusive peace that residents are looking for. Ask Zaheer Intekhab and he shares how he found his house in Punjagutta rather peaceful until 15 years ago, when the congestion drove him out and he took a property in Banjara Hills.A few years later, irked with traffic woes, he found himself checking out properties in Toli Chowki and now lives there. He is again facing what has now become an existential angst for: \"Each place turns equally polluted,\" he says.But some like Anees Mohiuddin are holding on. A descendant of the Nizam's prime minister, Wali ud Daula, Mohiuddin continues to stay in her Road No. 10 house. \"Most of the old time residents have left and their houses razed. We can never get back the grandeur of Banjara Hills. The Banjara Hills I grew up in was a different life and I do not relate to the present state anymore,\" she says. Although there are a plenty of redevelopment offers for her property as well, she is firm. \"There is a sense of belonging to this area that prevents me from leaving it. All my ancestors have lived here hence I would not like to leave.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11958081", "title": "PGI urologist's new technique for relief to cancer patients", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Cancer is still the most dreaded word. Though, there is no breakthrough as far as cure is concerned, there is now some relief for cancer of the bladder patients who had been left untouched as they suffered from diabetes, heart diseases or due to age had been considered physically unfit. For the first time in the country, Dr Santosh Kumar, urologist at the PGI has developed a technique wherein those who cannot be anaesthetized or have a high risk (like diabetes and uncontrolled blood pressure) can be treated with 80% success rate.The urologist has been able to draw this inference after a period of two years wherein he operated 20 such high risk patients. His cases have been presented recently papers at the 31st annual congress of The Societe Internationale d'Urologie in Berlin , Germany.\"We inserted infant feeding tube and passed a combination of chemotherapy medicines to the bladder. The uniqueness of the technique is that the combination of these drugs had 80% success and included patients who had recurrent cancer and were not fit for surgery to remove the cancer,\" said Dr Santosh.The technique involved patients who had been diagnosed with cancer of the bladder which is confined to the lining of the bladder. \"We see mostly patients from Punjab. It is a common cancer as 10-20 patients come to every out patient department. The mortality rate of this type of cancer is as high as 30%,\" said Dr Santosh.For those suffering with bladder cancer , chemotherapy kills not only the cancerous but also the surrounding cells. This reduces the immunity. \"already those who are too feeble for surgery are not termed fit for an operation to remove the cancerous growth. It can result in mortality. But we have successfully inserted chemo drugs through the feeding tube on those who had suffered trauma and other serious ailments like heart attack,\" said Dr Santosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958234", "title": "Students highlight civic, environmental issues", "text": "PUNE: Students in the age group between 12 and 15 years from over 60 schools in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad presented research papers on social, civic and environmental issues that the city is facing today. The participants gave possible solutions on individual, family, school and community levels at the two-day 'Young Change Makers' (YCM) conference which concluded on Sunday at the Ganesh Kala Krida Manch.Some of the topics covered by the students and explained through power-point presentations included school preparedness for disaster management, town planning issues like open spaces, Pune hills, wadas and garbage disposal.On Sunday, a group of students from the Shamrao Kalmadi High School presented a study on street children. The participant making the presentation said, \"We found out where street children live, how they reached where they are, what they do for their earning, what is their family background, etc. Adoption could be a possible solution so that these children are better looked after. Even if one organisation was to adopt one child, it would go a long way in providing them with a better future.\"The conference saw over 70 presentations where each module consisted of field-based research, collaboration with parties concerned and recommendations.Parag Mankeekar, who conceived the idea of YCM, said, \"The conference was a platform for students studying between stds VII and IX to explore, study, analyse and act on urgent environmental, civic and social issues affecting the city. The aim was to create confidence and awareness among them such that they understand the real issues.\"Besides presentations, teams comprising 10 to 15 students guided by a teacher performed street plays conveying social messages. Students chose their own topic, wrote the script , designed the roles and played the characters. The concept was a platform to encourage students with a flair for art and theatre to actively participate in the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956725", "title": "Bikers steal '5L from businessman", "text": "LUDHIANA: In an incident of loot on Saturday night, burglars targeted owner of Swani Motors showroom, Gagandeep Singh, and looted Rs 5 lakh from him in Feroze Gandhi Market around 10pm. Police officers from division no 5, police station reached the spot. SHO, division no 5, Rajkumar said when Gagandeep handed over a bag of cash to his gateman to put it in his car. When the gateman moved towards the car, two motorcyclists came and snatched it from the gateman and fled. Cops are scrutinising CCTV footage of cameras installed outside the showroom to nab the thieves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957057", "title": "Over to young Shiv 'bhakts'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The general perception may be against youngsters believing in a spiritual connection, but it doesn't hold true with Tricity youths. Soaked in festive fervour, city youngsters are set to fast throughout the day and celebrate this Mahashivaratri with as much devotion as the elders would.While some would devote their day to worshipping Lord Shiva, others cite it helps them in internal cleansing of body and soul. \"I have been fasting for many years. This Mahashivaratri, my family, including my younger sister, would observe a fast. The young are more enthusiastic about old rituals these days,\" says Shilpa Agarwal, 22.She added there is, in fact, a drift towards spirituality among youngsters. \"A lot of my young friends fast and meditate. With such stressful jobs, studies and lifestyles, youngsters find solace in devotion. Hence, the age old traditions and customs are being carried forward very well,\" said Shilpa. Shikha, yet another 22 year old, is also geared up to fast on Monday along with her sister.Stating that fasting is quite a fad among youth, Chavi, a student of GGDSD College, said she fasts frequently for the need to cleanse her soul. \"Apart from the other occasions I fast on, Mahashivaratri is always a special day I can't afford to miss.\"\"Youngsters are sensitive towards culture and understand our roots very well. We are fascinated with and interested in the significance attached to fasting and other customs,\" said Ranjeet, 24, a PhD student at PU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957665", "title": "NGO launches awareness drive on rights of disabled", "text": "GUWAHATI: City-based NGO Sishu Sarothi organised a meeting on Sunday in collaboration with Rehabilitation council of India (RCI) with an aim to create awareness on the rights of persons with disability and to discuss if the disabled people are benefited by these laws and how disabled-friendly is the society around us.Gauhati High Court justice I A Ansari, who was present in the meeting, said: \"Whenever we go to a bank, hotel, or even a mall, we see that there is hardly any facility that makes these public places accessible to disabled people. This is because most people are ignorant about providing special provisions for the handicapped.\"Ansari added: \"If we look into the education sector, there is hardly any scope for disabled persons to opt for higher education or even to take admission in a regular school as these schools do not have special educators who can teach children with special needs. These are the fundamental rights of any person with disability, and it cannot be denied to anyone.\"P K Pincha, chief commissioner of Centre for Persons with Disability, said: \"As far as implementation of the Persons with Disability Act, 1995, in Assam is concerned, the state government has failed to do anything concrete about it. In the job market, even though there is a 3% reservation for persons with disability, employment opportunities have only been identified in C and D grade. In fact, in most cases, benefits of reservations are not given to persons with disability.\"Pincha also suggested a special drive for identifying jobs for persons with disability, especially for women. \"Even In the education sector, there are only three or four government-run institutes for persons with disabilities and the others are mostly run by NGOs. The state government should take special measures for creating more such institutes for children with special needs,\" Pincha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958083", "title": "90% of 4.7L kids identified get polio vaccine in district", "text": "PUNE: Over 90% of the identified 4.70 lakh children below five years of age received the oral drop vaccination against polio in the Pune district on Sunday.District health officer Sudhakar Kokne said that for the next three days, volunteers will visit all houses to administer the vaccine to children to ensure 100% coverage.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan flagged off the polio immunisation drive by administering the oral drops to two children at fort Shivneri, Junnar, in Pune district on February 19.\"On the first day of the drive on Sunday, polio drops were administered at 3,900 booths set up across the district. The targeted vaccination in Pune district is of 4.70 lakh children,\" he said.V M Kulkarni, assistant director (immunisation), state health services, said, \"The health department has given five lakh oral doses to the district health officer, one lakh doses to the civil surgeon, 4.45 lakh doses to the Pune Municipal Corporation and 2.40 lakh doses to the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation for administration to children who are below five years of age in their respective jurisdictions.\"The PMC's health department set up 1,300 booths within its limits to achieve the targeted children's vaccination. \"As against the targeted 3,45,885 doses, our officials have administered 3,00,919 doses on the first day of the drive on Sunday. The children who are left out or those who could not reach the booths will be covered in the next three days through door-to-door visits,\" said city health chief S T Pardeshi. The PCMC set up 700 booths to cover 1.90 lakh children.In Maharashtra, 1.20 crore children below five are to be covered through 80,690 booths. A mammoth health staff of 2.9 lakh personnel has been pressed to achieve the target.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "11958115", "title": "Effigies of 5 'vulgar' singers burnt", "text": "BARNALA: Keeping up the momentum of their campaign against the ''vulgar and sleazy'' songs churned out by a number of Punjabi singers, a women's group burnt their effigies in Barnala on Sunday.Terming the songs by Honey Singh and Diljit Singh as ''denigration of womanhood,'' the members of Istri Jagriti Manch (IJM) also demanded a ban on these numbers.The IJM members, who had earlier held protests in Jalandhar, burnt effigies of Punjabi singers Diljit, Gippy Grewal, Geeta Jaildar, Honey Singh and Miss Pooja.Incidentally, these singers have become a rage among youth, at least in Punjab, but according to IJM, their songs portray women in poor light and project them as mere objects.''As the younger generation is influenced by such numbers, the presentation of womanhood as a commodity is leading to rapid increase in cases of eve teasing, kidnapping, rape and presentation of lewdness as a model behaviour. It is spoiling youth or prompting them to enter gangs,'' said Manch state committee member Aman Deol.Aman, who is studying in Punjabi University, said this trend need to be arrested to save the society from disintegrating.Hundreds of women activists assembled at a local park, marched through bazaars before burning effigy of the singers near the railway station. The activists are demanding a ban on telecast of such vulgar numbers and urging singers to desist from coming out with such vulgar lyrics and numbers.Senior leader of manch Charanjit Kaur said, ''It all started with the liberalization of economic policies in early nineties as the western culture too started taking root in this part of India, but denigration of women will not be tolerated anymore.'' She also pointed out that vulgar songs violated the clauses of Indecent Representation of Women (prohibition) Act ,1986 and the authorities seem least bothered about this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955785", "title": "BJP mum on special status, vague on medium-of-instruction issue", "text": "PANAJI: Though the state BJP released an election manifesto that seemingly had a remedy for every Goan ill, analysts pointed out that it lacked two crucial things.There was no assurance that the party would try to secure \"special status\" for Goa. Second, it was vague on the medium-of-instruction issue in what is being seen as an attempt to woo supporters of English medium in primary schools. Analysts point out that BJP's silence on special status seems strange because new entrant Matanhy Saldanha is a staunch supporter of special status for Goa. When contacted, Saldanha supported the BJP for not mentioning the demand for special status in the manifesto.Said Matanhy, \"It is not put because it is not under the purview of the state government. It was put earlier but was later removed because it is a central government issue.\" But why did the BJP not say it would fight for special status for Goa? Saldanha said that the BJP high command has already approved the demand for special status. \" I am there and my fight for special status is permanent. It will figure at least in my election manifesto,\" Saldanha said. Regarding the MoI issue, the BJP manifesto states thus, \"BJP subscribes to the universal scientific principle of primary education in the mother tongue. Grant-in-aid accordingly will be released to primary level schools (1{+s}{+t} to 4{+t}{+h} standard) with medium in regional language.\"Then the rider, \"However, keeping in view the problems faced by a number of schools due to the faulty and legally inferior policy of the Congress government and sentiments of certain sections of the population, BJP assures an amicable solution to the problem.\"Asked to explain, opposition leader said the BJP did not question the right of parents to decide the medium of instruction for their wards but only whether the government should give grants to English medium primary schools. Parrikar said he would get all stakeholders to the negotiating table and find a solution \"without sacrificing the BJP position.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11957330", "title": "1984 Sikh riots: US court to hear plea on March 15", "text": "NEW YORK: A US court is set to hear on March 15 a petition seeking a 'default judgement' against the Congress party for its alleged failure to defend the charges of conspiring, aiding, abetting and organizing attacks on Sikhs in November 1984.The plea filed by a New York-based Sikh body is also urging judge Robert W Sweet of US federal court of the Southern District of New York to issue 'Letters Rogatory' for appearance of justice G T Nanavati.In a statement, attorney Gurpatwant Singh Pannun, the legal adviser to Sikhs for Justice (SFJ), said that the plaintiffs will ask the court to issue Letters Rogatory for appearance of justice Nanavati who had gone into the anti-Sikh riots in the wake of assassination of the then PM Indira Gandhi in 1984.'Letters Rogatory' is a procedure provided in international law used by US courts to ask the courts of another country to assist them in the administration of justice.SFJ will also move an application before the US court to appoint advocate H S Phoolka, advocate Navkiran Singh and AISSF president Karnail Singh Peermohammad as 'Overseas Amicus of the US Court'.The summons was issued on March 1, after the Congress party apparently did not act on the court's direction to respond to the class action law suit filed under Alien Tort Claims Act and Torture Victim Protection Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11956618", "title": "1,065 vertebrate, 642 invertebrates and 1,807 insect species in state", "text": "PUNE: The assessment of the faunal diversity of the state, a study carried out by the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI), Pune, has found that there are 1,065 species of vertebrates (fish, amphibians, birds, mammals and reptiles) in the state. Of these, 165 are endemic (habitat restricted) to India and are also found in Maharashtra, while 26 are endemic only to the state and 70 species are threatened as per the International Union for Conservation of Nature Red list.The study also found that there are 642 species of invertebrates (animals without backbones, like scorpions, crabs, molluscs, freshwater sponges, centipedes, crutaceans, roundworms, among others) and 1,807 insects in the state. The areas for the study included the protected areas (national parks and wildlife sanctuaries, tiger reserve), wetlands and almost all districts of the state.Under the classification of vertebrates (animals with backbones), it was found that there are 215 species of fish, 53 species of amphibians, 117 reptiles, 551 birds and 129 mammals.R M Sharma, deputy director, ZSI, Pune, told TOI that these faunal diversity findings are the outcome of study done by ZSI since its inception in 1959 till now. The study found that most of the endemic species of the state were restricted to northern Western Ghats. Out of the several endemic vertebrate species found in the country, including Maharashtra, there are endemic species restricted to just the state.S S Jadhav, scientist, ZSI, said many species that are threatened (at the risk of becoming endangered) were also reported. Citing examples, he said, in the mammal category, soft-furred rat (Millardia kondana), commonly called the Sinhagad rat, the blue whale and Dugong Dugon (sea cow) found in the coast, are all critically endangered (on the verge of extinction).Under the fish category, Puntius deccanensis is critically endangered and as the name suggests is found in Katraj lake in Pune, and the other fish is Parapsilorhynchus prateri found in Deoli in Nashik district. Birds that are on the verge of extinction are Forest owlet found in Shahada and Taloda of Dhule district, Indian white-backed vulture and Long-billed vulture.Amphibians that were recorded to be critically endangered are Amboli toad (Xanthophryne tigerinus) found in Amboli and Indirana phrynoderma, a species of frog found in Tamhini, Pune, and Pseudophilautus amboli frog found in Amboli, Sawantwadi district, Amba forest, Kolhapur and Sindhudurg district.Among reptiles that are critically endangered are Eretmochelys imbricate, a sea turtle found in Maharashtra, Orissa and Tamil Nadu coast and Dermochelys coriacea, a sea turtle found in Maharashtra, Andaman, Goa, South Kerala, Gujarat and West Bengal.Sharma said: \"The data collected for this study is minuscule. Lot of data is yet to be collected and identified. And the gaps have to be filled in.\"The study points out that various eco-systems of the region have undergone various threats. Expanding human settlement, poor governance and macro-economic development policies have contributed to degradation.\"Proximate threats include extraction of forest products, poaching, mining, pollution, overgrazing, forest fires, invasive species, inadequate enforcement of existing laws and absence of involvement of local communities in conservation. Thus, the natural and man-made threats affect the ecological, biological and in turn the genetic diversity,\" he said.For protection and conservation of diversity, steps have already been taken in the country. Besides this, awareness programmes should be conducted to educate the local people, stringent implementation of prevailing laws on international trade in wild species of threatened flora and fauna and baseline data on distribution will help in conservation, resource management and improvement of existing species status, he added.BOXSpecies endemic to stateGroup...Total species...Endemic to India....Restricted to Maharashtra..Threatened(found in state too) speciesFish 215 62 10 20Amphibians 53 29 6 14Reptiles 117 23 9 9Mammals 129 22 1 19Birds 551 29 - 8* Under the invertebrates category, molluscs with 160 species dominates, followed by Arachnid (104), centipedes (42), nematode or roundworms (89 species), cladocera, commonly called water fleas (71), among others.* Under the insect category, coleoptera (or beetles) with 402 species dominate, following diptera (flies) with 278 species, hymenoptera (sawflies, wasps, beetles, ants) with 238 species, hemiptera, known as true bugs with 227 species and lepidoptera (moths and butterflies) with 213 species, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960986", "title": "Tara\u2019s yoga addiction", "text": "While cribbing about Monday morning blues is a global phenomenon, there is one celeb in B-town who seems to be enjoying the beginning of a working week more than anybody else.It's supermom Tara Sharma Saluja who began her week on a bright and positive note. Early on Monday morning, the actor who is known for her physical fitness levels, admitted her prime addiction. Tara wrote on her blog, \"Amazin how I am totally addicted to at least 20mins of exercise every day..my run or yoga We shouldnt realy b so addicted 2 anything shd we?\" The actor soon followed it up with, \"A run jst perks me up and makes me more alert..any other run addicts out there?\"Significantly, Tara had had a really tough and hectic day the previous day as she wrote on her microblogging site the previous night, \"Cliched as it sounds I think bein in an office is less hectic than aday home wth our kids &no; maid..&amp; workin on show! Adore them but xhausted (sic).\" For a mother of two to balance her family and still manage to wake up early and do yoga, hats off to you Tara! And it's great to come across such positive vibes on a Monday morning!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958284", "title": "Technology makes learning complete", "text": "Technology is ushering in a revolution in the field of education. Through audio-visual assisted classes to long distance video-conferencing, technology is helping education become more of a practical and innovative learning exercise than bookish knowledge gained in classrooms. It has also helped enhance the magnitude of research and knowledge transfer among students.Educational institutes are offering technological tools to their students to help them learn better. Students today are also opting for institutes that offer them the IT advantage. Young students are aware of the benefits that technology based learning has to offer and they go by it to decide the kind of institutes they want to study at. Shama Nisha Singh, a college student, shares, \"Technology plays a big role in increasing our information base on various subjects and that shows in the marks one scores.\" She adds that through technological tools \"one can know what a student is learning in a subject in USA or Australia so that we can compare our syllabi and enhance our knowledge base\". Shama is right as internet has made knowledge seamless and accessible and in this age of communication revolution no one can afford to remain ignorant.The transition from rote learning to tech-based education is clearly evident. Swanky laptops, CDs, and elearning are now part of everyday education. A leading academician explains, \"Technology has brought about a huge transformation in the education system and rote learning is likely to diminish in the coming years\". A couple of years back, online education was Greek and Latin to most people; today technology has finally arrived with a bang, and everyone has welcomed it.The majority of people in India comprise what is called the GenNext and it is imperative to provide them the right kind of education. While e-learning ensures that data quality remains the top-most priority, it also facilitates the development of content.Though setting up a technology-driven system is not an easy task, it has its own benefits. India has made giant strides in improving her education system, but a lot still needs to be done in terms of modernisation. The introduction of IT will not only aid the students but also the faculty, and as a result the overall efficiency of the system is bound to improve.With the introduction of technology, the younger lot will certainly take more interest in the curriculum. It is the best way to unleash their creativity. Thanks to the Internet, everything is available at the click of a finger (or a mouse). And, the students are making the best use of this technology. Today, it is required to replace notebooks and textbooks by 'laptops and presentations'.Sudhakar Bannerjee, a student, says, 'Technology is a great asset and should be used for betterment of education. However, technology needs a balanced approach\". He adds that technological tools have enabled students to access information at a click. In such a situation teachers too need to widen their knowledge base as students can now put up questions on any and every topic. Technological advances have ensured that today no information is unavailable. Even parents can find out whether what is being taught is correct or not.With technological tools here to stay, it needs to be understood that they are just an assistance and can never substitute the knowledge a teacher can impart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11958054", "title": "Development buzzword in Lucknow North", "text": "LUCKNOW: Development was the buzzword, from Faizullaganj to Hussainabad, the two extreme ends of Lucknow North seat. People turned up at polling booths with a single objective: vote for a candidate who will bring change.Traditionally a BJP pocket borough, this year the seat is locked in a close contest among Samajwadi Party candidate and former IIM professor Abhishek Mishra, Congress's Dr Neeraj Bora and senior BJP leader Lalji Tandon's son Gopal Tandon.Candidates and their individual abilities matter more than their political loyalties, said Col (retd) RK Saxena. He added: \"This time it's a tough battle in this assembly segment because all candidates who have been fielded are promising.''Even in areas where party affiliations would normally have reigned supreme, having good'' candidates, voters said, helped. First-time voter Shraddha Srivastava said: \"To me, a candidate's educational qualification is extremely important. An educated candidate, I believe, will have both vision and ability to be an effective leader.''The interest in the democratic drill was unanimous on Sunday, and voters in Lucknow North rose early to cast their vote, defying the popular notion about sluggish voter turnout. Though voter turnout at 7am was low, numbers began to swell after 9am. At Jankipuram's Brightway College, AK Singh said: Exercising our franchise is important. We wanted to vote for a party which will give us good governance.''By day end, Lucknow North polled 54% votes, highest among the five urban pockets of Lucknow city, with voters maintaining that the best candidate or party would win.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958104", "title": "3 injured as car crashes into electricity pole at Sangamwadi", "text": "PUNE: Two women and a youth escaped with minor injuries after the car in which they were travelling crashed sideways into an electricity pole near Sangamwadi on Sunday evening.The police rushed Kamnakumar Bahadur Rana (19), Anupama Bahira (19) both of Lohegaon and Karan Gadkari (22) of Nagpur Chawl, Yerawada, to a nearby private hospital. All of them are out of danger, the police said.The Yerawada police said the incident took place when the trio was heading towards Yerawada from Wakdewadi. \"Gadkari was driving the car. He lost control over the vehicle and the car veered and crashed sideways into a lamp post. The impact was such that the car was bent right in the middle,\" investigating officer Imran Mulani of the Yerawada police station said.He said that following the incident, the traffic police rushed to the spot. They removed the three people from the car and sent them to a hospital.Mulani said that Rana and Bahira are students of a private college. They had gone to Wakdewadi to a car showroom with their friend Gadkari. The incident took place, when they were returning. \"We are investigating further,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11956808", "title": "Ill Birju Maharaj springs surprise", "text": "VADODARA: The Abhivyakti Gallery where Padma Vibhushan Pandit Birju Maharaj was to perform on Friday night was packed with his fans. As the audience waited eagerly, there came an announcement that Birju Maharaj won't perform due to health concerns. Though disappointed, the audience stayed back to applaud performances by other artistes during Kathak Nrutya Mahotsav. However, most of his fans left just before midnight as they thought the legendary dancer won't perform.But, Birju Maharaj sprung a surprise as he decided to give performance because he didn't want to disappoint the audience that had gathered to see him perform kathak. He performed for about 20 minutes and also explained ways of learning kathak in simple way. Local artiste Preeti Sathe, Birju Maharaj's son Deepak Maharaj and his disciple Shashwati Sen too enthralled the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955197", "title": "University of Madras makes move to check plagiarism", "text": "CHENNAI: In a bid to prevent growing plagiarism in research papers, the University of Madras has decided to purchase software that checks thesis papers for malpractices. Speaking at an event organized by Quaid-e-Millath College for Women recently, G Thiruvasagam, vice-chancellor of University of Madras, said the varsity had been receiving several complaints about plagiarized research papers. \"The board of studies and research committee has recommended the purchase of Turnitin software for `15 lakh. It is expected that the university senate will approve the purchase of the software on February 21.\"Explaining how the software works, Thiruvasagam said, \"Research papers submitted by scholars will be stored in a database. When a research paper or thesis is submitted, the software scans the database for content that may have been copied from a previous scholar's paper.\" Plagiarism has affected the quality of research papers, he said. In another significant development, the university has also decided to reserve 500 seats for poor students in self-financed courses offered by all the self-financed and aided colleges affiliated to the university from this academic year.Students in Chennai, Kancheepuram and Thiruvalluvar districts are likely to benefit from this move. Around 76% of colleges under University of Madras are self-financed, but the fees in many of these colleges are comparitively high. Thiruvasagam said, \"Self-financed colleges offer many advanced and job-oriented courses. But, it is not affordable for all students as the fee in these colleges are too high. So the university has decided to conduct a centralized admission procedure under Madras University Students Free Education Scheme from this academic year (2012-13).\"He said the university has been putting a lot of pressure on the self-financed college managements to provide affordable fees. \"During previous academic years, after strict instructions from us some colleges have provided free admissions to self-financed courses. This year onwards, all the colleges have to reserve a minimum of five seats for the poor students,\" said Thiruvasagam. \"The application form can be obtained from the university registrar.The annual income of the family should not be more than `2 lakh. There are also special considerations for landless or homeless, differently-abled students among others. The candidate could mention the preferred college and the course and the university will select the candidate under the merit basis,\" he said. Students welcomed the university's decision to reserve seats in self-financed colleges.Students Federation of India state president K S Kanakaraj, \"Many colleges are charging huge fees, which are not affordable for the poor people. The decision to implement reservation in at least five seats in the self-financed colleges is therefore welcomed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956218", "title": "STF to probe senior scribe\u2019s murder: DGP", "text": "BHOPAL: Even as the agitated people in Umaria town in Eastern Madhya Pradesh on Sunday demanded a probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) into the murder of journalist Chandrika Rai and his family members, who were found dead in their house on Saturday, state police chief said that special task force (STF) would be set up to probe the case.Director General of police S K Rout, who visited Umaria and the scene of crime, was asked by the people to recommend handing over the investigation to the CBI as the state police is still groping in the dark and could not find any leads.Senior journalist, Chandrika Rai, 42, his wife Durga (39), Son Jalaj (20) and daughter Nisha (17) were found murdered in their house.It appeared that they were beaten to death with spring leaf used in jeep and iron rods.Chandrika Rai's body was found in his office room while bodies of others were found in their bed room. Rai worked for Hindi daily.The DGP said STF would be set up to investigate the case while media fraternity in Umaria and his relatives pressed for handing over the case to CBI.Journalists Associations in Bhopal demanded a CBI probe into the case after reports in a section of local media about the possibility of involvement of coal mafia in the murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956296", "title": "Heavy turnout at Gujarat University senate poll", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The senate election of Gujarat University (GU), which was held on Sunday, saw a 65 percent turnout inside Ahmedabad. While the voting for inside the city was held at Gujarat Law Society (GLS), RJ Tibrewal Commerce of College and Narayan Guru College of Commerce, the voting for outside Ahmedabad was held at 50 different colleges. The total turnout in colleges outside the city will be announced on Monday.The voting process began on 9 am. A large number of students turned up to cast their votes and the election concluded smoothly. Apart from a brief brawl between two students of the same group, the elections were peaceful.The brawl broke out following an argument between the students regarding who is supporting whom, and the scene ended with the arrival of police at the spot.According to GU officials, the undergraduate science department received 105 of the 139 votes, law department received 54 out of 74 votes, the postgraduate science department received 40 out of 41 votes, the undergraduate arts department received 108 out of 251 votes and the postgraduate commerce department received 36 out of 38 votes.Post-graduate arts received 30 out of 37 votes and education department received 28 votes out of 31 votes. Counting is scheduled for February 22.Arrangements were made for the ballot boxes from outside the Ahmedabad city to be transported to the university on Sunday night.Medical and dental disciplines had one uncontested candidate each. There was also one uncontested candidate from ABVP for undergraduate commerce this year. A contestant from NSUI was earlier rejected by GU after detecting faults in the nomination form as a result of which NSUI students had made much hue and cry, albeit in vain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955213", "title": "Archaeological sites block bus terminus work in Tambaram", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tambaram municipality's `5.67crore bus terminus project has come to a halt. The Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) has objected to the project citing the presence of sensitive archaeological sites near the terminus. The megalithic sites are located between the Madras Export Processing Zone (MEPZ) and the National Institute of Siddha on GST Road in Tambaram Sanatorium. ASI, municipal officials said, also cited a communication from the Centre in 2011 about the regulation of land use around heritage sites and monuments. ASI too issued a notification and classified a few sites in Tambaram as having megalithic cairns and cists. Since such areas are of archaeological importance, ASI has said contruction should be prohibited within 100 metres of it.\"More than 90% of work of the terminus has been completed. It was to be opened in February,\" Tambaram municipality chairman M Karikalan said. ASI officials said they did not know about the project as the resolution was passed by the municipality last year. \"Taxpayers' money has been used to build the terminus. A solution to the stalemate is needed but the decision should be taken by the ASI headquarters in New Delhi,\" an official said.Spread over 4.26 acres, the project comprises 27 bus bays and 36 shops, restrooms, a cloak room, waiting lounge and a restaurant. Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure and Financial Services Limited funded 90% of the amenities, and the local body the rest. Designed in 2005, the terminus is a temporary arrangement till the proposed integrated bus terminus in West Tambaram is built. At present, government buses, including Metropolitan Transport Corporation (MTC) and state buses, are parked along GST Road in West Tambaram . Though there is couple of bus shelters and a 1962-built-municipal bus stand opposite the Tambaram railway station, they cannot be used as vehicles are parked in the bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957152", "title": "A mob city loves when it flashes", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Take a casual walk down the street and break into a dance to let go all your worries. This is the mantra behind a flash mob, which has been finding a hearty response from city residents. As many as seven flash mobs have taken place in the city so far at venues such as Sector 17 plaza, Sector 15 and Infosys campus.While a group is busy cribbing about the pressure their job brings along, a bunch of people emerge from the crowd and dance to a pre-planned choreography. It is an effortless way to forget about the hectic schedule and calm down.After Delhi, Mumbai and Jaipur, a flash mob was organized on February 4 at Sector 17 plaza in Chandigarh, by a city-based dance academy. More than 200 dancers of this academy took the public by surprise with their synchronized performance.The concept has even received a encouraging response from corporate sector employees who experience a lot of work pressure. After experiencing a flash mob in the city, Manoj, 39, an architect said, \"It gives pleasure not only to the ones who dance, but also to those who watch. I like this innovative concept.\" Tushar Tassi, 22, a computer operator, says, \"I escape from all the mundane worries when I dance.\" City-based psychologist Dr Monica Singh agrees. \"While dancing, screaming or shouting, one releases toxins and revitalizes,\" she says. \"It's a great concept as dancing in front of a crowd boosts your confidence as well,\" says Aryan Sinha, a choreographer.The first danceFlash mob originated from Manhattan when the idea was conceived by Bill Waskis. Waskis claimed flash mobs were a social experiment designed to poke fun at hipsters and to highlight the cultural atmosphereWhat does the mob do?A group of people assemble suddenly at a public place, perform an unusual and seemingly pointless act for a brief time and disappear or rather mix with the crowd. They are held for entertainment and to de-stress. Flash mobs are organized via phones and WWW.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960987", "title": "P Balachandran's glad for not receiving National Award", "text": "The preview and website launch of P Balachandran's Ivan Megharoopan held the other day paved way for some hearty laughs offscreen.Director Mohan, who was on the panel of juries of the National Awards last year, was present at the event. While he complimented director P Balachandran for making a class film, he also said that the movie should not have been rejected by the jury. \"I hadn't watched the film during its screening,\" he said. \"I'm sorry that a film as good as this did not win an award.\" But Balachandran retorted, saying that he is glad the film didn't get the National Award. Why? \"Because then people wouldn't flock to the theatres to see my film, thinking it's just another award film,\" he said. \"I'm happier thinking of the awards that Ivan Megharoopan never got,\" he said amidst peals of laughter from the audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956050", "title": "MP CM pulls up administration for sterilisation by lure", "text": "BHOPAL: Stung by complaints of forced sterilisation from across Madhya Pradesh, chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan called a video conference with district collectors and gave a dressing down to administration officers for setting vasectomy target figures.In the presence of chief secretary Avani Vaish, an angry Chouhan told district collectors on Friday evening: \"Family planning is done with a noble intention. There is no compulsion or competition involved in it. No one is required to set a target figure. You are being advised to limit your role in the implementation to the level of counselling only.\"A written instruction was also sent to the district collectors on Saturday evening informing that forcing or luring citizens into sterilisation was not on the state's agenda. \"A directive has been sent to district collectors clarifying that declaring 2012 as Family Planning Year did not mean that force or allurement was justified,\" state health minister Narottam Mishra said.\"The government did not have any family planning or sterilisation target in mind. Our intention was to create awareness about family welfare programmes. An internal inquiry has been initiated and punitive action will be taken against officials found guilty of using force or allurement.''Sources in the government said that several district collectors tried defending themselves during the meeting but a peeved Chouhan told them that he received grievance letters from government employees about how they were issued notices by higher-ups for not fulfilling targets.According to sources, the government was rattled as reports of forced sterilisation started pouring in first from Rewa, followed by Hoshangabad, Vidisha and then Betul. In addition, the chief minister's office received information that district collectors were issuing notices to government employees including tehsildars, naib tehsildars, patwaris, and aanganwadi workers to meet the target numbers of sterilisation.A doctor from the district hospital in Rewa allegedly sent a complaint to the principal secretary that he was under tremendous pressure to meet unrealistic vasectomy targets. Incidentally, this was the district where vasectomy was allegedly conducted on a mentally ill man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957261", "title": "No play at CWG Village till enough staff is hired", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's not just the flats, but also the state-of-the-art sports facilities in the Commonwealth Games Village that have been lying unused since the mega event took place in October 2010. Though DDA announced last year that these facilities will be opened for use on a pay-and-play basis, there is still time before the public can gain access to them. DDA says it is still in the process of recruiting staff, and the date of opening will be decided as soon as the sports complex has adequate manpower.\"The sports facilities will be opened to the public soon. We are making all preparations,\" said Neemo Dhar, spokesperson, DDA.The Games Village Sports Complex includes gymnasiums, an athletics track, and facilities for swimming, table tennis, football, badminton, basketball and volleyball. DDA is also planning to create a cricket pitch inside the Games Village, which can also be accessed on a pay-and-play basis. As of now, DDA has no plans to offer a permanent membership of the sports facilities located next to Akshardham Temple in east Delhi. \"We have already invited tenders for developing cricket facilities on the premises,\" a DDA official said.Meanwhile, DDA's only other sports venue built for CWG 2010 at Siri Fort Sports Complex was opened for public use on a pay-and-play basis from February 1. This new complex with badminton and squash courts can be used by the public for Rs 100 per person, per day. \"The public will also have the option to pay Rs 50 for 30 minutes to play squash. The courts are state of the art and the venue is fully airconditioned. There is already a great rush for these two games,\" said a senior DDA official. These facilities are being provided in a separate complex next to Gargi College for which the entry is from Siri Fort Road.DDA has also introduced coaching facilities by Arjuna awardees for badminton and squash at this complex. \"We will soon add facilities for other sports like basketball, table tennis and yoga, as we have space and there is a great demand too,\" said the official. DDA is also planning to raise the membership fee and pay-and-play charges at all its sports complexes, though officials say the increase will be nominal. \"We have already submitted a proposal to the lieutenant governor. We are waiting for his response,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11954860", "title": "Now, couples give their best shot for 12-12-12 babies", "text": "CHENNAI: Many couples who missed having babies on 11-11-11 believe they have another chance on 12-12-12. A date that comes once in a century, they say, is difficult for friends and families to forget. It also happens to be Kollywood superstar Rajinikanth's 62nd birthday. Doctors find requests for births on special dates such as 12-12-12 ridiculous, but couples say it's worth the try. \"We are planning a baby this year.If we can fix the date, why not give it a shot? If it's not a normal delivery, we can even opt for a cesarean section,\" said Sapna Mukil (name changed), who works for an ad agency. Many families have already consulted astrologers and are convinced that 12-12-12 is a more auspicious day to have a child when compared to 11-11-11. As per the conception calendar, women having their last menstrual period between March 7 and 15 will have higher chances of delivering on the special date if the date of conception happens between March 17 and 25. But doctors warn that such theories aren't always applicable.\"There is no guarantee that babies will be born on the exact due date. Many babies are born pre-term,\" says fertility expert Dr Priya Selvaraj. Many gynaecologists say that they often get requests from parents for a cesarean even three weeks ahead of the due date.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "giridih", "code": "11958320", "title": "Maoists kidnap six road workers in Giridih village", "text": "GIRIDIH: Armed Maoists on Saturday night kidnapped six workers engaged in construction of a road under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana at Bengabad, 20 km from the district headquarters. They also burnt two road rollers and two tractors at the construction site, police said.Rampati Kishwaha, the contractor of the Parditand-Sariya road project, told TOI that a group of about 100 armed Maoists reached the makeshift camp shortly before midnight where the workers were resting with their families and set afire the four vehicles of the project.Later, the rebels took away the six workers - Nirmal Singh, Congress Das, Pravin Verma, Umesh Singh, Alam Ansari and Siraj Ansari - all from neighbouring Bihar at gunpoint.According to the contractor, the area where the incident took place was not a Naxalite-hit pocket and the work was going on smoothly for the past one year. The project was nearing completion. \"The Maoists had not threatened the labourers earlier. There was no demand for any money,\" Kishwaha said.Additional superintendent of police of Giridih Sanjay Kumar confirmed that the six were abducted by the Maoists. \"It was a Naxalite incident,\" he said.Officer in charge of local police station Rajiv Ranjan Sahi said there were unconfirmed reports of Maoists movement in the area recently. The area was not under the Naxalite influence earlier, he said.Gautam Sagar Rana, a former minister of the Jharkhand Vikas Morcha who represented Bagodar, a Naxalite-affected area of the district, claimed the Maoists had made inroads in to the areas close to the district headquarters, as the place is 20 km from Giridih town. \"Police should have remained vigilant, when there were reports of Maoists movement in the area since the past one month,\" Rana said.The contractor said the SP and additional SP had contacted him and assured him to start search operations to trace the kidnapped workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957083", "title": "Borivli suicide victim\u2019s family approaches govt for help", "text": "MUMBAI: The family of Borivli housewife Nandita Agarwal, who leapt to her death with her son from the 12th floor of her building, has written to the West Bengal government demanding a probe as they suspect foul play. The West Bengal home department has forwarded the plea to the state government.Nandita's husband, Navalkishore, was held on abetment charges on Friday, based on her brother Soumitro Chatterjee's complaint. He has been sent to police custody till Tuesday.\"We want to know where Navalkishore was from February 13 to 15. We find it suspicious that their help, Pawan Mandal, was at home when he is not supposed to be around in Navalkishore's absence,\" said Subarna, Nandita's sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "11955830", "title": "Duo promise job, cheat youth of Rs 7 lakh", "text": "GONDIA: A man was arrested and the other is absconding for cheating a 24-year-old youth from Pangaon of Rs 7 lakh under the pretext of getting him a job in Nagpur.According to a complaint lodged by Vijaykumar in December he met Bhupesh Tandekar (24) of village Badatola and Vinayak Uikey (50) of Khairi (Mhasala) in Nagpur and proposed that they could get him a job in Sant Gadgebaba Ashraam Shala in Nagpur, if he could shell out about seven lakh rupees. After a couple of meetings, Vijaykuamar was convinced and on 15th December 2011 he deposited amount of Rs 6.94 lakhs in their bank account and kept waiting for the appointment letter.After sufficient wait he realized that he was cheated and finally last week he lodged a complaint with Salekasa police and the offence of cheating was registered against them. While Tandekar was arrested on Friday, Uikey is still at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960639", "title": "A K Antony's son makes debut", "text": "Mollywood will soon see another celeb kid on the silver screen.The only difference being, the youngster has had no connection with the film industry till date. Defence Minister AK Antony's son Ajith Antony will soon make his silver screen debut with director Aji John's Oberoi, which will be made in Tamil and Malayalam.Ajith has penned the screenplay for the same. He says, \"Initially, my dad was taken aback when I told him I wanted to be a part of films. But he soon came to terms with it.\" He already has six offers that have come his way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956154", "title": "BAJA a hit with budding engineers", "text": "INDORE: SRM University of Chennai emerged as the winner of fifth edition of BAJA SAE India 2012 at Pithampur, about 40 km from Indore on Sunday. The winners edged past 100 teams from various engineering colleges across the country.On the third and final day of the national automobile engineering competition, teams hit 3.5 km long torturous track. Of 100 teams, only 78 could make it to the third and final track round. Around 22 teams were eliminated in technical and dynamic rounds in last two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955335", "title": "Simplified evaluation lowers anxiety among students", "text": "NAGPUR: The most dreaded time of the year is back, though the anxiety that lurks at every corner during exam time has been less this year. The helplines that help students cope with difficult times are not getting as many queries, nor are counsellors and teachers being inundated by terrified students.The simpler exam format, recent leniency of the boards in marking students and sufficient help available are being cited as reasons for decrease in anxiety levels of students. The only group expressing worry is students who have not been regular at studies or are anxious by nature.\"Most students who call us are worried about not being prepared for the exams. One of the kids said she had been studying in the format prescribed for competitive exams. Now, she is not comfortable with the exam format,\" said paediatrician and child psychologist Dr Shubhda Khirwadkar, who counsels students on a helpline floated by Adolescent Health Academy.When such distress calls come, she explains to students not to waste much time on trying to understand new things, and instead spend more time revising what they have already studied. She believes there are more students from state board asking for help, rather than for CBSE, due to the changed evaluation system which has eased burden on students.Another counsellor from the helpline, Dr Nishikant Kotwal, also said that most people call to complain about feeling unprepared. \"It is not that they are actually not set to face examinations. They only feel that way as peers discuss their own level of preparation and the different methods of studying. This makes them feel others are better prepared for the exams than they are,\" he said.Teachers, who are most often the first shoulders to lean on for students, also said that the present batch is not as jittery during the exams as their seniors. Baban Taywade, principal of Dhanwate National College, believes that kids who study all through the year are not anxious.\"The exam pattern is simple and help is available from tuition classes. So, almost 90% of students are free of any anxiety. The concern most of them have is landing up in a good college,\" said Aruna Deshraj, a teacher of JN Tata Parsi Girls' High School.\"We have a lot of students coming in at the last moment as they are surrounded by a lot of fears. This year, though, the footfalls have been fewer,\" agreed counsellor Dr Shishir Palsapure. He said that most students have accepted stress as a part of exams and do not ask for help to tackle it, as they believe that stress is a performance booster. \"They do not understand that beyond a point it can hamper their performance, especially memory,\" he said.Counsellors suggestAvoid nightcaps, regularly have seven hours of sleepEat well, do not skip mealsExercise regularlyDo not assume a disastrous or negative future. Whatever happens can be tragic but is not the end of the world", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11956583", "title": "Tourists clean Gokarna lake", "text": "KARWAR: Foreign tourists on Sunday cleaned the Koti Tirtha lake and its surrounding areas in Gokarna town. Most of them were from Russia .\"We volunteered to do the work as a mark of respect to Lord Shiva the day before Shivaratri,\" one of the tourists said. But most refused to speak to the media, saying they were just doing their duty as they visit regularly the holy place.One of them even chided mediapersons who were taking pictures: \"Do something to keep your place clean.\" A Russian tourist, who identified himself as Ramadas and later revealed his name as Surkozy, said he loves India and Gokarna. He comes here every year to get peace. \"The Koti Tirtha lake is a sacred water body. I know that one day is not enough to clean it. I am doing my service to Lord Mahabaleshwara (deity of Gokarna),\" he said.Other foreigners, brooms in hand, cleaned the steps of the lake and collected plastic bottles and bags, and cartons, and deposited them in a bin. Another foreign tourist said he would be happy if devotees who have a dip in the lake on Shivaratri return satisfied that they bathed in clean water. Some other foreigners said they had joined the cleaning work by the local gram panchayat on Saturday A German was upset at the lukewarm response from local representatives, public, officials and temple authorities to their voluntary work.\"Gokarna is a very holy place where the Atma Linga of Lord Shiva is situated. Coming from thousands of miles away, we are disappointed to see garbage in the town. The temple authorities and the administration should concentrate on hygiene first,\" said a traveller from Finland .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11960889", "title": "GIPL develops smartphone-based surveillance tool", "text": "AHMEDABAD: State-run Gujarat Info Petro Limited (GIPL) has developed an unique software based system for smartphone enabled surveillance and tracking, finding diverse applications in sectors like forest and agriculture.This system will be of great help in conservation of endangered spices of Asiatic lions (in Gir) and other flora- fauna found in forests of Gujarat.\"We have developed an unique MIS system on GIS base for surveillance and tracking. It can be run on a Windows operated mobile phone to identify exact location of the trouble prone areas in dense forests,\" GIPL CEO Vijay Sharma said.\"The system which updates the server over the air (OTR), eradicates the need for physical filing of data on a computer, and can also conduct digital surveys of the agricultural fields,\" he said.Management Information System (MIS), till now has been confined to laptop and desktop usage. It is widely used by the industry as a ERP solution, for effectively managing the organisations.Superimposing, MIS data on Geographic Information System (GIS), for quick referencing had been a challenge so far for the ICT sector.\"A forest beat guard armed with such a software driven mobile phone can help check acts of poaching, fire, tree cutting, encroachments on forest land, by clicking a picture of the site and sending it through SMS to the server,\" he said.\"The moment a picture (with the location, longitude and latitude) lands on the server an alert is generated to the concerned person and rescue teams can be rushed to the exact spot in very short time,\" Sharma said, explaining how the system operates.\"Using the GPS feature the location of forest beat guard can also be tracked, through PDA (smart phone) based mobile surveillance system, so that the forest department can keep an eye on whether they are performing their duties or not,\" Sharma said.GIPL, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the state run Gujarat State Petroleum Corportation (GSPC). The company has developed the technology for Gujarat Forest Department.The company is in the process of developing a system based on similar technology for the Gujarat Seed Certificate Corporation that would help in conducting surveys of the agricultural fields.\"We are developing a system for the state Seed Certificate Corporation that would help in surveying the field area and also help estimate its potential yield,\" Sharma said.The states of Andhra Pradesh and Maharasthra have evinced interest in adopting this mobile based invention for surveillance and tracking.The company recently bagged the best innovation award instituted by state ICT body Gujarat Electronics and Software Industries Association (GESIA).The project has been supported by the Gujarat's Forest Department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955755", "title": "Economist Kalyan Sanyal passes away", "text": "KOLKATA: One of the stalwarts in the field of international economics and the former head of the Calcutta University economics department Kalyan Sanyal passed away on February 18 at a private hospital in the city. He was 60 and is survived by wife Saswati and two sons Arani and Avik.Sanyal did his postgraduation from Calcutta University in 1971 after completing his graduation from Presidency College. He did his PhD from Rochester University in 1973. Sanyal was regarded as one of the brilliant economists in India. Sanyal's work in the field of international economics and globalization and economic development were acclaimed all over the world.He was attached to the Institute of International Studies, Geneva. Noted economist and long time colleague of Sanyal, Arup Mallick said, that he was a brilliant teacher.\"His last book was translated in Chinese as well. Kalyan's 'trade in middle product' theory is being used as reference in international economics.\" he added.Incidentally, the last Sanyal book 'Rethiking Capitalist Development' is now being discussed in the economist circle throughout the world.Former head of the department of Indian Statistical Institute Dipankar Dasgupta believes that Sanyal was among the last few members of a great genre of economists in Bengal. Dasgupta was a colleague of Sanyal for 5 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955881", "title": "Tension at Gittikhadan", "text": "NAGPUR: A mob of hundreds of supporters of winning Congress candidate Dr Prashant Chopda thronged Gittikhadan police station on Sunday night, demanding strict police station against an independent candidate and his followers for violence.Women supporters of a rebel candidate, who contested against Chopda as an independent from Takli Sim ward, manhandled a few party workers of the victorious Congress candidate after barging into their houses on Sunday night.Police said the supporters of the independent candidate blamed the victims for ensuring her defeat in the recently concluded election of the civic body. One of the victims reportedly sustained serious injuries.Gittikhadan police have registered an offence but Chopda's supporters have demanded arrest of the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11958240", "title": "Six women in JAB panel", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Senior advocate Tapas Kumar Mitra has been elected president of the Jamshedpur Bar Association (JBA) for 2012-14.In a late night announcement of the poll result Mitra defeating his nearest rival M P Banerjee by 54 votes. Mitra was polled over 480 votes while Banerjee secured 435 .For the post of senior vice-president Deepak Kumar Singh got elected bagging 516 votes. He defeated Nand Kishore Mishra who was polled 212 votes.For the two vice president posts, Md. Kasim and Santosh Kumar Mahato got elected. Lala Ajit Kumar Ambast got reelected to the post of general secretary for the second consecutive time while, Divyendu Mandal and Ajay Kumar Singh Rathor have got elected as treasurer and joint secretary.\"All promises, including making seating arrangement for the junior advocates in the new bar building, which were made in run up to the elections will be fulfilled,\" said Mitra.Interestingly, six women advocates have also been elected to the 21 member executive committee of the JBA. Piyali Roy, Pushpa Kumari, Sukanti Hembram, Anita Kumari, Usharani Sharma and Savita Kumari are the new faces in the executive council.\"I am confident the new committee will work effectively in the interest of the members of the JBA,\" said R K Shukla, senior advocate and member, Bar Council of India.Of the 2,053 members of the association, around 1,193 members cast their votes. The counting that went till 10p.m. was held at the new bar building of the district court premises. A total of 99 candidates contested for the 21 posts that went for polling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandrapur/nagpur", "code": "11955987", "title": "Tigress dies in road accident, cub in shock", "text": "CHANDRAPUR/NAGPUR: A tigress was found dead and its sub-adult cub has been traced close by on the premises of Lohara teak research centre, 3km from Chandrapur, on Sunday.This is the second tiger death in a month in the district. On January 23, a full-grown tiger was electrocuted in Zaran in FDCM area near Chandrapur.The tigress seems to have died after being hit by an unidentified vehicle while crossing the road. Experts say the spot seems to be a favourite crossing as a tigress had met the same fate in February 2006.Senior officials confirmed presence of a cub nearby, who is unable to stand on its legs after the accident. \"The cub, suspected to be sub-adult, is in a state of shock. We are closely monitoring movement of the cub and have installed camera traps. A bait has also been tied near the cub. A search of the area has revealed that there is only one cub,\" they said. However, experts suspect that there might be another cub which must have moved ahead.On Sunday, patrolling staff of the teak centre noticed carcass of the tigress in compartment no. 397 close to the Chandrapur-Mul road. It took more than five hours for the senior officers of Chandrapur circle to reach the spot after the carcass was noticed.A visit to the spot revealed that the carcass was fresh and blood was oozing out from the nose and the right hind limb was slashed. The 8-year-old beast may have died early in the morning.\"All the body parts of the tigress are intact and hence possibility of poaching is ruled out,\" officials said. The big cat was 2.40 metres in length and 94cm in height.Sources claimed that the tigress had its location in the teak research nursery and forest around. The tigress had a 20-cm-long gash in the right hind limb. A deep cut ripped the skin revealing bone close to the claw.\"The animal's joint at the place of fresh injury has also been dislocated. There is also a 4-cm-long injury on the right forelimb which appears a bit old. The tigress might have died due to excessive internal bleeding,\" officials said, quoting veterinary doctors.They ruled out the possibility of electrocution as no burn marks were found on the body. Veterinary doctors who performed autopsy later deduced the internal haemorrhage as a cause of death.Deputy conservator of forests (DyCF) P Kalyankumar informed that the tigress might have been hit by some vehicle while crossing the road. The carcass was burned in the presence of forest officials and NGOs in the evening.Nitin Desai, Central India director of Wildlife Protection Society of India (WPSI), said, \"It's a big loss as a tigress delivers at least 16 cubs during her life circle. It is high time vehicular traffic is regulated on Chandrapur-Mul road.\"ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956020", "title": "Deadliest spot for road accidents is in Aligarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kayampur More in Aligarh, Uttar Pradesh, is the deadliest spot in the country as far as road accidents are concerned, claiming 169 lives in 2011. The other spots which recorded high number of deaths include Hero Honda and Rajeev crossings in Gurgaon (Haryana); Jaigurudev Ashram in Mathura (UP), Shivdaspura and Chaksu in south Jaipur; Old Kasara Ghat and Kude to Sativali in Thane (Maharashtra); and Medchal and Uppal in Cyberabad district of Andhra Pradesh.The list is based on data submitted by 12 of the 13 states which account for 90% of road fatalities. The state governments of UP, Haryana, Bihar, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, West Bengal, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh have submitted their top 25 black spots after the road transport and highways ministry sought these details at a recently held meeting. \"Only a few states are yet to give spot-wise fatalities. We expect them to submit full report on Tuesday so that we can start work to fix them,\" a senior highways ministry official said.Records submitted by the states blame high rate of fatal accidents on faulty road design and engineering besides high density of population and lack of pedestrian facilities as reasons for the accidents. Ministry officials said identifying the spot and fixing them were being done for the first time at a national level to reduce road fatalities. \"China did this and brought down fatalities,\" the ministry official said.A comparative analysis of road fatalities between India and China shows that while China reduced its number of deaths from 1.07 lakh in 2004 to 73,484 in 2008, in India it rose from 92,618 to 1.20 lakh during the same period.Highways minister C P Joshi had recently said his ministry would fix the top five black spots in each of these priority states by March-end and would provide necessary funds. The ministry has kept Rs 500 crore to take engineering measures for road safety.In 2010, Indian roads claimed 1.34 lakh lives, which was the highest in the world.\"The state governments know about the spots and also claim that they are aware of the reasons. Then what and who stopped them from taking remedial measures. Do we know of any state carrying out crash investigation to find the causative factors of any accident then blaming the driver? We are lacking on traffic engineering, investigation and the government agencies are completely dependent on consultants,\" said Rohit Baluja, a member of UN Global Road Safety Collaboration.Country's deadliest spots:Place: .........................................People killed in 2011Kayampur More (Aligarh)................169Hero Honda Chowk (Gurgaon).........105Jaigurdev Ashram (Mathura)............100Bahalgarh Chowk (Sonipat)...............67Shivdaspura (Jaipur south)................65Medchal, Cyberabad (Andhra)............54Old Kasara Ghat (Thane)..................46Source: Ministry of Road Transport &amp; Highways (MoRTH)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "etawah/ kanpur", "code": "11957827", "title": "Mulayam doing a me-too on quota: Rahul Gandhi", "text": "ETAWAH/ KANPUR: A cautious Rahul Gandhi on Sunday sought to ensure that he stayed within the limits set by the EC even as he insisted that the original author of the quota-for-Muslims pledge was the Congress. Mulayam Singh Yadav was merely doing a me-too act promising a higher reservation for the community.Speaking in Kanpur, Rahul questioned the very legitimacy of Mulayam Singh Yadav as a genuine leader of the Muslim community. He said : \"Mulayam claims to be the leader of Muslims. If that's true, he should actually specify what he did for the community during his three stints as CM.\"The crowd responded to him with cries of \"nothing, nothing\". The Congress general secretary continued : \"Tell me what kind of leader is he? He claims to be your leader and does nothing for you.\" Insisting that Mulayam had latched on to the reservations for Muslims pledge as an afterthought, Rahul said : \"When Mulayam was CM, the media would ask him his views on Muslim quotas. But he would remain tightlipped. You will be surprised to know that the state which has over 70 districts has only one Muslim DM. Now Congress has given you reservation, so Mulayam says that he would have done more.\" Accusing SP and BSP of making false vows, Rahul said : \"We will not make any promise because we believe in action. The SP and the BSP only promise and do little for the development of the state.\"Mulayam, on the other hand, pressed on with his stand. If elected to power, he'd \"exercise his powers \" to ensure his promised Muslim quota, even if the Centre failed to do so. At a rally at Etawah, the SP chief said : \"As soon as my government is formed, I'll pressure the Centre to provide reservation to Muslims. If they don't comply, I will exercise my powers to do this.\" He did not specify what \"powers \" he'd exercise to fulfil his promise to voters.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11958130", "title": "Summons to 21 policemen over youth\u2019s death", "text": "MADURAI: The Trichy Judicial Magistrate court has issued summons to 21 policemen including an inspector, SI and other constables in connection with the case of a clerk's son who was killed in mysterious circumstances in 2011. Judicial Magistrate Rajasekar gave the direction to them to appear before it on March13 following a criminal complaint preferred by his father Pandurangan, an advocate's clerk.According to Pandurangan (62), his son Kesavan (24), a commerce graduate, picked up a quarrel with a gang including Salaudeen, Abdul Bahid and Kennedy on August 3, 2010 as they were drinking at a Kallimman Temple in which Pandurangan was also a trustee. After the gang assaulted him, Kesavan lodged a police complaint against them.On next day, the gang asked him to come to the police station and meet Police Inspector Prabakaran. The police took Kesavan to the police station. Instead of taking action against the gang, the police allegedly beat Kesavan to death despite him developing fits. Subsequently, the Palakarai police remanded him in custody. Subsequently, he came out on bail.On May 12, 2011, Kesavan went to his relative's house but did not return. Pandurangan lodged a complaint with the Tiruverumbur police station. Later, Kesavan's body was found near Thuvakudi.Alleging that the inspector and other policemen were responsible for his son's murder, Pandurangan filed a private criminal complaint in the Judicial Magistrate court seeking action against them.Taking the complaint given by Pandurangan, the Judicial Magistrate summoned the police inspector Prabakaran and others to appear before him on March 13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11963492", "title": "RIM finally sets up BlackBerry server in Mumbai", "text": "NEW DELHI: After much controversy, BlackBerry has finally set up its server in Mumbai following intense pressure from the government to provide a mechanism for lawful interception of its messenger services and Nokia has been asked to follow suit.During a high-level meeting at the Union Home Ministry recently, officials of the security agencies were informed that Canada-based Research in Motion has installed the servers in Mumbai.The servers have been inspected by a team of officers and permission for direct linkage for lawful interception was expected to be issued shortly, a presentation made at the meeting held in the office of the Home Secretary said.About the Nokia Push Mail, the Department of Telecom also prescribed a similar policy as in the case adopted by the BlackBerry, the presentation said.The government and BlackBerry manufacturers were in a logjam over its services in India as security agencies had raised a red flag over its operations citing non availability of method to intercept its messenger service and enterprise mail.However, there was a climbdown by the government on intercepting mail sent through BlackBerry Enterprise Services (BES) which decrypts the messages and sends it to email server of the service provider where it remains stored in decrypted form.Then the message is pushed to the BlackBerry device in encrypted form.The DoT secretary informed that currently there are about 5000 Enterprise Servers for BES. Director Intelligence Bureau Nehchal Sandhu noted that these are communications between the employees of the enterprise only and, therefore, are not of \"high concern\" for security or Intelligence agencies.\"However, it was decided to obtain list and location of the servers from telecom service providers,\" the presentation said.RIM representatives had explained that BlackBerry mobile device sends the encrypted email which is sent to BES located with the service provider.The government had said the onus of giving access to security agencies to monitor the information on these smartphones lies with the service providers.According to the licensing conditions, the service providers are liable to put in a mechanism to allow security agencies to intercept any conversation or message of any subscriber whenever required.As telecom service providers like Airtel , Vodafone, RCom , the Tatas and the government-run BSNL and MTNL are offering BlackBerry services, it is the responsibility of these operators to ensure that the security agencies get access to all services they offer.RIM has its operations in 175 countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957151", "title": "Foetus found in garbage bin", "text": "MUMBAI: A seven-month-old foetus was found in a garbage bin in Kandivli (E) on Sunday morning. A case has been registered for dumping the foetus and concealment of birth. The incident came to light around 8.30am on Sunday. The foetus has been sent to Bhagwati Hospital for a post-mortem. A DNA test will also be conducted to determine the gender of the foetus. Police say a probe is under way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957416", "title": "Banks not conspiring against Bihar: SEBI chief", "text": "PATNA: Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) chairman UK Sinha on Sunday rubbished reports that banks were conspiring against Bihar on the issue of improving its credit to deposit ratio (CDR).\"There is a misconception prevailing here that banks are conspiring against the state with respect to improving the CDR. People should not hold such misconceptions,\" he said, while answering to Patna University professor Nawal Kishore Chowdhary's query during a panel discussion on \"Accelerating the growth of industries and services in Bihar\" on the final day of the global summit on Sunday.\"On the basis of my tenure as Patna district magistrate and Patna divisional commissioner, and later, my stint in the banking division of the Union finance ministry, I can say that the truth is that banks are eager to give loans in Bihar,\" Sinha said, adding the state should create atmosphere conducive to banks.There is a misconception prevailing here that banks are conspiring against the state with respect to improving the CDR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957103", "title": "Praveen regains consciousness", "text": "HYDERABAD: The condition of J Praveen Reddy, the Hyderabad student who suffered multiple stab wounds in a brawl at a party at his flat in London's Newham about 15 days back, improved on Saturday night with the MBA student regaining consciousness. Praveen's brother Jaya Shankar said that although he had regained consciousness, Praveen still needed ventilator support.\"Praveen will be under observation for another six days. As of now, he is not in a position to talk,'' Jaya Shankar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11958323", "title": "Community radio Sarang bags award for promoting culture", "text": "MANGALORE: Community Radio Sarang 107.8 FM at St Aloysius College here won the second best programme award for promoting local culture at the First National Awards for Community Radios in New Delhi on Saturday.The award, instituted by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting for the first time, intends to recognize and promote the best practices of community Radios across the country.The competition included five categories such as best programmes in promoting local culture, adapting creative and innovative content practices, sustainability model, thematic programme, and community engagement sections. Among the currently operationalized 130 community radio stations in India, Community Radio Sarang 107.8FM secured the award for its programme in Beary language.\"Beary Harate'' is a chat show of Beary women of Mangalore where local women discuss HIV/AIDS, its causes and people's role in prevention. Beary language is spoken by a small group of local Muslims in Mangalore, especially in Ullal, Thokkottu, and surrounding areas. The award applauds Radio Sarang's efforts in promoting local language with thematic thrust. Sarang was launched in September 2009 by the college as part of its social outreach activity. It started broadcasting two hours a day, and gradually increased its broadcast.At present, Sarang broadcasts 24 hours a day, and is India's only 24-hour community Radio with programmes on health and hygiene and legal awareness. It also focuses on promoting Konkani, Tulu, Beary, and Kannada folk songs and other elements. Apart from agricultural and community-oriented theme-based programmes, the radio broadcasts Yakshagana and harikatha in Tulu and Kannada, Vovyo, Vers, baal-githam, huminyo etc in Konkani. In May, Radio Sarang under the guidance of its founder-director Fr Richard Rego, conducted a one-day RJ training for local women. It also held a week-long capacity building workshop for local women on producing health content for radio in December.S Jagatrakshakan, Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, presented the award to the representatives of the radio.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955716", "title": "CPM rallies, Kolkata chokes", "text": "KOLKATA: CPM the opposition on Sunday managed to do something that CPM the party in power could not do in decades. It left everyone guessing the strength of the crowd the party managed to pull at Brigade grounds. While party leaders on the dais kept criticizing the chief minister and her government, those seated in front of them and the sea of people behind them kept playing the number game. None could zero in on the exact figure, but \"close to 10 lakh\" seemed to be the final consensus.Even former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee could not suppress his excitement with the response the rally received on Sunday. \"There have been numerous rallies at the Brigade while we were in power. But this one has surpassed them all,\" he exclaimed. Bhattacharjee's reaction could be corroborated by the fact that CPM's Brigade rally - the first since April 22, 1977, when not in power - drew more people than those in recent years when government buses were deployed to ferry its supporters.No wonder then, when senior leaders were almost mobbed, they soaked in the adulation with smiles and the traditional fisted salute. The turnout even prompted all speakers - party general secretary Prakash Karat , state secretary Biman Bose, Bhattacharjee and opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra - to stress in unison that it was impossible to wipe out the red flag from Bengal, despite the recent poll reverses.If the scene on the Parade grounds was that of exultation, the same cannot be said for the central Kolkata roads. The meeting, which was managed with clock-work precision from 1:20 to 3pm, left the commuters red-faced. All major arterial roads leading to the Brigade remained clogged for hours till the anointed start of the meeting, to recede for a while and then remain inaccessible to normal motorists again in the later evening.The only difference this time, however, was that state buses were seen stranded on roads. During CPM regime, they were spotted parked around the ground, waiting to carry the supporters back home.On Sunday, people walked, plied on matadors, SUVs and private buses top reach the venue since early morning. The roads - some even manned by CPM volunteers with cops in tow - remained off-bounds for commuters. Roads leading to Howrah and Sealdah remained clogged. Police had to divert some traffic to the arterial roads to ease the load, but that wasn't enough.In Kona Expressway, a private bus carrying party cadres to the Brigade was hit by another, seriously injuring 12 people. The bus was packed with 60 people from Burdwan's Jamalpur. Police said the injured were moved to the Howrah district hospital and the condition of five is stated to be critical. CPM's Hooghly district secretary Sudarshan Roy Chowdhury alleged Trinamool supporters attacked CPM partymen heading for the rally. He even alleged that Hooghly zilla parishad chairperson Pradip Saha was attacked when he was bringing brick-kiln workers to Kolkata.CPM state secretary Biman Bose said party workers heading for the rally were attacked by Trinamool supporters in Hooghly's Pandua. He even showed a letter written in an INTTUC unit letter head which reportedly asked partymen (read Trinamool) to stop CPM supporters from attending the meeting.Mishra chipped in, saying a bus carrying party supporters was attacked in Beliaghata which left six persons injured. They had to be hospitalized, he added. \"I hope she is watching television on today. Else, it is difficult to get to her and inform her on such issues,\" Mishra snapped.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957225", "title": "AP babus cry foul over IAS promotion list", "text": "HYDERABAD: At least 8 Andhra Pradesh Public Service Commission (APPSC) Group-I officers have petitioned chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy and chief secretary Pankaj Dwivedi for a fresh meeting of the selection panel that had picked 20 names to be promoted as IAS officers, accusing some candidates of having bribed their way into the list put up before the committee.The 20 state service officers were picked from a list of an unspecified number of officers put up for selection. Of these 20, the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) was to select four to be inducted into the IAS.But the process got stymied after an aspirant who did not make the cut moved the central administratve tribunal (CAT) and subsequently the high court, which stayed it. The 20 shorlisted include officers from the peshi of the CM and ministers Dharmana Prasada Rao and Raghuveera Reddy; a relative of PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana and a Raj Bhavan official.The selection committee comprises officials from the UPSC besides the chief secretary and principal secretary (political) in the general administration department. While the government transferred two junior-level officials immediately after the complaint, it is yet to probe the role of a middle-ranking officer who is alleged to be behind the mischief.Though there have been allegations in the past about bribes being paid for appointments to lower levels of babudom, it's for the first time that promotions to the IAS have been hit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "11959622", "title": "Single atom transistor may beat Moore\u2019s Law", "text": "NEW YORK: Scientists have taken an early step toward surpassing the limits of a technological principle called Moore's Law by creating a working transistor using a single phosphorus atom.The atom was etched into a silicon bed with \"gates\" to control electrical flow and metallic contacts to apply voltage, researchers reported in the journal Nature Nanotechnology. It is the first such device to be precisely positioned using a repeatable technology, they said, and may one day help ease the way toward creation of a so-called quantum computer that would be significantly smaller and faster than existing technology.Moore's law states that the number of transistors that can be placed on an integrated circuit doubles every 18 months to two years, and it's predicted to reach its limit with existing technology in 2020. Cutting the size of a transistor to a single atom may defeat that concept.\"We really decided 10 years ago to start this program to try and make single-atom devices as fast as we could, and beat that law,\" said Michelle Simmons, director of ARC Center for Quantum Computation and Communication Technology at the University of New South Wales, Australia. \"So here we are in 2012, and we've made a single-atom transistor roughly 8 to 10 years ahead of where the industry is going to be.\"Moore's Law is named for Gordon Moore , the co-founder of Santa Clara , California-based Intel Corp, the world's largest chipmaker. He first described the phenomenon in a 1965 report that was later cited by others with his name attached to it.Finding limitation There is a limitation to the latest finding: The atom must be kept at minus-391 degrees Fahrenheit to keep it from migrating out of its channel, the report said. Because of this, the result should be seen as a proof of principle rather than an initial step in a manufacturing process, the researchers said.\"These results demonstrate that single-atom devices can in principle be built and controlled with atomically thin wires, where the active component represents the ultimate physical limit of Moore's Law,\" the researchers wrote in the report.Simmons's group, which included scientists from the University of Melbourne and from Purdue University in West Lafayette, Indiana, isn't the first to create a single-atom transistor. Previous efforts, though, came about as the result of chance and carried a significant margin of error, the researchers said.The New South Wales scientists used a device called a scanning tunneling microscope to manipulate the atoms on the surface of the crystal in a way that allowed them to precisely pair one up with the electrode needed to control it.'Lots' of atoms \"If you want to make a practical computer in the long term, you need to be able to put lots of individual atoms in,\" Simmons said in a video supplied by the university. \"And there you find that the separation of the atoms is quite critical.\"So-called quantum computers would operate by controlling the movement of electrons in an atom. While the latest finding brings science closer to determining whether quantum computing may be successful at a large-scale level, it remains an open question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955965", "title": "NCP sidelined me on MoI issue: Trajano", "text": "PANAJI: Trajano D'Mello, former vice president of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) said he was sidelined by the NCP for his view that parents should be given the right to choose the medium of instruction (MoI) for their children and was forced to quit the party.D'Mello told on Sunday, that he is contesting as an independent in Saligao constituency and would continue his fight on the MoI issue. \"I am releasing my manifesto today and the MoI is among the main issues that I will address. I will ensure that parents are given a choice of educating their children in English, Konkani or Marathi and the respective primary schools will be given grants,\" he said.\"I am not against regional languages. But, I firmly believe that English is the backbone of the future of our children,\" he added.D'Mello also criticized the BJP on the MoI issue alleging that it was trying to fool the people. When told that opposition leader Manohar Parrikar had said he had a 'Plan 2' to solve the issue, D'Mello replied, \"Where is the question of plan 2, when the BJP's plan 1 is to deny grants to primary schools seeking to impart education in English. The BJP released its manifesto where they have said they will give grants only to regional languages.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958229", "title": "NCP to hold orientation programme for its women corporators", "text": "PUNE: The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) has planned a special orientation programme for its women corporators, first timers as well as seniors, who will be trained regarding the functioning of the municipal corporation and will be briefed about major issues in the city.City unit chief of NCP Vandana Chavan said, \"We have a manifesto dedicated to women's issues aimed at creating 'women-friendly cities'. The orientation programme, to be organised in the next couple of weeks for women corporators from the Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal corporations, will be based on the manifesto. Senior politicians, NGO members and experts in various fields will guide the participants.\"The key highlights of the women's manifesto include women-centric housing, safety on roads, pathways and parking places, facilities for working women, special transport system, economic empowerment and healthcare. A gender status report, on lines of the environmental status report, will be prepared annually and will evaluate the social, economical and health status of the women in the city.Meanwhile, the mayor's seat is reserved for a woman from the other backward classes. The NCP, which has become the single largest party in the PMC, is the leading contender for this post. Asked about the selection of a candidate for the post, Chavan said, \"Though we have not yet taken a decision, the selection will take place purely on the basis of merit. Senior leaders and city leaders will organise a meeting soon to discuss the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11955392", "title": "BMC premiums pinch illegal builders", "text": "MUMBAI: The politician-builder-BMC nexus in the H-west ward of Bandra-Khar has almost ruined the area in the past decade because of the misuse of building concessions. Some local politicians enriched themselves and are now full-fledged developers. Discretionary powers vested in municipal commissioners led to unabated corruption-politically-connected builders procured unusually high concessions while those who couldn't manage the system found the going tough.This arbitrariness in selectively granting sops to builders stopped after Subodh Kumar took over as civic chief last year. He pushed through a new policy which allows builders to utilize 35% extra FSI for residential buildings and 20% for commercial projects if they pay a hefty premium to the BMC. The amended development control rules put several unscrupulous builders in this area out of business. A well-known builder in the area has put up 14 projects for sale, according to people who have been approached by him. \"He has stopped work and may wind up his business,'' said industry sources. His luxury towers are on narrow plots with minimum open spaces. \"His modus operandi was to fill up voids and ducts in the building by placing slabs. This allowed him to create over 40% additional space, which was illegally sold as part of the apartment,'' said market sources.A broker-turned-builder in this suburb, who profiteered through this building racket since 2005, is also in trouble. \"He purchased plots in Bandra-Khar at Rs 6 lakh a square yard and promised fancy returns to investors. He is in no position to pay them back,'' they said. Two other small-time developers are believed to be in a similar situation. Another builder currently in a tight spot, had over 30 projects in hand. \"He made huge profits by selling carpet area plus 30% built up area and another 45% of illegal areas like voids and decks,'' said sources.Builders who don't cheat sell approximately 30 sq ft per sq yard. Ninety percent of builders sell upwards of 50 sq ft per sq yard and go as high as 100 sq ft per sq yard.A property analyst said a crooked builder could build over 60,000 sq ft on a 1,000 sq yard plot by misusing concessions. \"Under the new law, he will not be able to build more than 40,000 sq ft saleable on a similar sized plot. Moreover, his profit will take a hit because of the premium he will pay the BMC for the compensatory FSI,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955781", "title": "UP man in cops' radar for plotting thefts in Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The Porvorim police are on the lookout for Naseer, 40, from Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh, who comes to Goa as a tourist with young men and leaves the state after committing house-breaking thefts.Naseer's modus operandi came to light after a police team led by PI Sagar Ekoskar arrested three persons who had attempted to break into a Porvorim house to commit theft in broad daylight on Wednesday afternoon.During interrogation, the accused revealed that Naseer had met them in Delhi and offered them 1 lakh each. \"The accused revealed that Naseer planned the entire operation and brought them to Goa. They also said that this was the first time they were visiting the state,\" police said.Acting on a complaint lodged by a teacher, Herwin Furtardo, whose house the accused attempted to burgle, the police arrested three persons - Sonu Singh, 30, from Delhi, Noor Mehmood, 31, from Delhi and Naushad alias Dilshad Tahir, 27, from Uttar Pradesh. Singh was caught by the public while trying to break open the doors and shutters of the house and then handed over to the police. Singh's friends- Mehmood and Tahir-were arrested by the police in Belgaum.Police said that Singh used to work at a dairy farm in Delhi and was in urgent need of money. \"He contacted Mehmood for help, who introduced Singh to Naseer. He promised to give them 1 lakh each, if they would come to Goa and help him with work that required them to stay in the coastal state for a few days. Accordingly, four of them came to Goa,\" police said.Police said that Naseer doesn't work in Goa. He comes to Goa as a tourist with young men, mostly from Uttar Pradesh and plans thefts. \"Once the plan is executed, he along with the group leave the state. He rarely comes back to Goa with the same persons,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957436", "title": "Narcotics seized, three held", "text": "PATNA: The Kadamkuan police carried out a raid at a house at Musallahpur Chai Tola locality and arrested three persons there on charge of selling narcotics on Sunday.Police sources said that acting on a tip-off that one Amarnath Mahato was selling narcotics at his house at Musallahpur Chai Tola, a police team led by Kadamkuan police station SHO Jyoti Prakash raided Mahato's house and seized three bags of narcotics weighing about 125 kg.The station house officer said that the narcotics resembled ganja and bhang.He said that the team also seized a bag containing some black material which also smelt like ganja.The shouse officer said that the estimated price of seized narcotics in the local market would be about Rs 3 lakh.He said that the team arrested Mahato and his two sons -- Babloo Kumar and Birju Kumar -- in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11956684", "title": "UP man dies of asphyxiation", "text": "COIMBATORE: A private security guard was found dead in a rented house at Bannari Nagar in Kovilpalayam on the outskirts of the city on Sunday. Police suspect that he died due to asphyxiation when the gas leaked from the LPG cylinder.Police said J K Bande, 44, of Devariya village in Uttar Pradesh , was working as a car driver in a private company at Kovilpalayam. He was staying with his son Arun Bonde, 28, a private security guard of the same company, in a rented home.On Saturday night, Bande went to work leaving his son alone at home. When Bonde went to bed, he had locked the front door and windows from inside and forgot to close the LPG cylinder knob.On Sunday morning, nieghbours smelled gas leak from Bande's house and when they broke opened the door, they founf Bonde in an unconscious state. Immediately, he was taken to CMCH where he was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11961766", "title": "Israeli embassy car attack: Investigators still in the dark", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week into the car bomb attack on Israeli embassy car here, investigators are yet to find any breakthrough in the case as the wild goose chase for the attacker on a red motorcycle has yielded nothing.Though there were reports about the use of a black vehicle in the attack, Delhi Police were still sticking to the use of the red two-wheeler in the incident which took place on Aurganzeb Road near Prime Minister's residence last Monday.Israeli diplomat Tal Yehoshua-Koren and her Indian driver were among the four persons injured in the incident, which Tel Aviv alleged was the handiwork of Iran. Investigators maintain that they have nothing to point fingers at Iran as of now.Police and Israeli officials have reconstructed the incident more than two times in search of clues but the probe had not moved. Delhi Police commissioner B K Gupta had said the investigations were gathering pace.The two attacks in Thailand and Georgia had prompted the Indian investigators to reach out to the countries for input.Sources had earlier said while C-4 explosive material had been used in the failed Bangkok plan, there was so far no traces of such explosive having been used in the February 13 case.According to the sources, none of the three Iranians arrested in Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur had ever visited India as Immigration records showed no entry of their passports, as provided by the two authorities.Police had seized several red colour motorcycles and detained suspects but all were let off later as they could not be linked to the attack.Scanning of telephone calls made to Iran, Pakistan and middle-eastern countries around the time of the attack also yielded nothing, the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11958075", "title": "Minority sub-quota fails to woo urban Muslims", "text": "LUCKNOW: If Sunday's polling trends are to be believed, Salman Khurshid and Beni Prasad Verma might have wasted their breath talking reservation, at least to Lucknow's Muslim voters. Development, not reservation, was the buzzword for people, with the much-touted issue of minority reservations having little impact in the urban pockets of the city. Though the Muslim population accounts for more than 20% of the total voters in Lucknow district, concentration of Muslim votes is the highest in Lucknow Central assembly constituency, where more than 30% Muslims reside.Resident of Lucknow Central's Chaupatia, Rana Praveen, said: \"To me, the availability of good educational facilities for my children is a very important factor. I would not vote for anyone who supports hooliganism. Good health facilities and development are the other key issues that matter.''Forget first-time voters like Shoaib, who says he consulted his parents and looked up candidates profiles before casting his vote on Sunday, even the seasoned voters in the city were not ready to fall for the minority quota promise. \"It is a poll gimmick that parties may fool rural, uneducated people with. For the educated Muslims in the city, development is what matters,'' said Mohammed Irshad, a 67-year-old disabled voter in Chaupatia.The sentiment was unanimous. Muslim pockets, like most others in the city, opted for progress and change and these feelings spread across Hussainganj, Khadra, Faizullaganj, Chinhat and Chowk, all believed to have large Muslim concentration. And electricity, roads and availability of water were central to most conversations. At Shia College, a part of the Lucknow North assembly constituency, 40-year-old Ayesha Begum, a resident of Khadra said it was important to vote for a government that made good on its promises. \"Caste is not an important factor. What is significant is that the party and its candidate deliver on the promises they made.''In other urban constituencies of Lucknow-Cantonment, West, North and East-each home to 20 to 29% Muslim voters, a candidate's political affiliations, and his ability to lead were equally important. Coming out in large numbers to vote for progress, parties, some said mattered. In Triveni Nagar, Md Shamsher Khan, said: \"Drainage and roads are key issues in our community. We vote along party lines because a national party, we believe, will be able to do more work than regional entities.'' This sentiment resonated with many. Advocate Abdul Rashid, resident of Faizullaganj, said: \"Identity and caste are only political manifestations. The average Muslim is not different from any one else. They want development and growth as much as any other community.''Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11956634", "title": "All Class X, XII exam centres to have cameras", "text": "AJMER: Students appearing for Class X and XII exams of the Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education now have to face cameras in the examination rooms as the board decided to put a complete check on cheating cases in the state.The board had declared eight districts as hyper sensitive and closed 100 examination centres this year on complaints received last year for mass copying. The exams are starting from March 15 in which about 17,50,000 students of both the classes will appear in the examinations in 4,760 centres. Local police, home guards, and BSF personnel will be deputed at every examination centre.The board will not only conduct videography on the main gates and premises of the examination centres but cameras will also record activities inside the classrooms. \"We wanted a fair and transparent examination system in schools and are making the best of arrangement to check especially mass copying,\" Subhash Garg, chairman of the board, said.The question papers will be kept in nearby police stations while coordinators and supervisors who are shortlisted will monitor these exams. \"No private school is allowed to keep the papers and the supervisor of the education department will conduct and monitor the exam at that centre,\" M R Sharma, secretary of the board, said. Last year, the board had decided for videography of sensitive and hyper-sensitive centres of the state but this time, the recording will be done at every centre. Officials said more weight is given to record everything going inside the examination halls.On efforts to check the use of technology to cheat during the exams, Bhagchand Mandawaliya, quality education officer, said, \"We are organizing a workshop for superintendents of examination centers on February 22 and will make them aware what is Bluetooth and how students could use mobile phones for cheating.\" He added that the superintendents will also be instructed for vigilance on nearby photocopy shops and internet centres. The shop owners will be ask to close down for the period of the examination. Three years ago, question papers of seven subjects of Class X and XII were leaked and the board had to re-conduct the examination in the state.\"Those examination centers, especially in Karoli, Dausa, Sikar, Churu, Bharatpur and others where we got complaints last year are closed this time. There are 100 centers that are closed this time,\" Garg said. The board also debarred 158 teachers who were accused of negligence from examination duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11957381", "title": "Gang rape charge on Kolkata pub-raiders", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after cracking the Park Street car rape case, cops on Sunday intensified their search for the two absconding accused and slapped the more stringent gang rape charge on all suspects.Police hinted that the main accused Kader Khan (brother of another accused Naseer Khan) and Johny have left the city and are hiding in a neighbouring state. Cops have tracked their hideout and a detective department team is headed there, sources said. Among the duo, Kader was the one who impersonated Sharafat Ali and raped the victim. He is supposed to get married within a week.On Sunday, the three arrested accused - Sumit Bajaj, Naseer Khan and Nishad Alam alias Ruman Khan - were produced before the city metropolitan court. They were taken to the court lock-up at 1.30 pm and produced before chief metropolitan magistrate Chandraprava Saha an hour later.Public prosecutor S B Pathak pleaded for police custody of the accused as cops would need to interrogate them to recover the arms used in the crime. Defence counsel S Roy Chowdhury, submitting the bail petition, pleaded: \"It is still not clear by the CCTV footage that my client was there at the spot. It is not possible to get any medical evidence as the FIR was much delayed.\"The magistrate, however, denied the bail plea and granted two weeks' police custody for all three accused. The public prosecutor also submitted a petition that the investigating agency - Kolkata Police's Detective Department - wants to amend the case from rape [Section 376 IPC] to gang rape [Section 376(2)( g)].Court grants plea to amend complaintThe city metropolitan magistrate on Sunday granted the petition to amend the complaint from 'rape' to 'gang rape'. The latter entails rigorous imprisonment for not less than 10 years and may be extended to life term and shall also be liable to fine.During the court proceedings, none of the accused spoke a single word.Following the initial probe, police have reasons to believe that Sumit, who hails from an affluent family in Gariahat, was driving his own car and Johny was seated in the front. Naseer and Kader were in the back seat along with Nishad. The CCTV footage shows Nishad and Naseer boarding the car and Kader taking the back seat before them. Sumit is seen standing in front of the car and later, opening the front door, which suggests he was probably at the wheel.The car that was confiscated is registered in the name of Bajaj Transport Company, which Sumit's family owns. Police sources said Johny hails from Entally area and has a place to stay in Ekbalpore. But as soon the case was flashed in the media, they fled. The car will be sent for forensic tests, said Joint CP (crime) Damayanti Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955870", "title": "Girl knew an abductor: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: All DTC buses moving on Najafgarh Road were stopped by angry residents on Friday after an 18-year-old data operator was abducted after getting off a bus near Dwarka on Thursday evening. They were protesting against police inaction in registering a case, which was finally registered on Friday.\"The victim's father was informed about the kidnapping by an eyewitness who also made a police call around 9.18pm,\" said a senior police official. Till late on Friday, the cops said they were still trying to identify the accused and rescue the girl. Several youths from the area has been detained for questioning.The cops claimed the girl knew at least one of the abductors, a claim contested by her family members. All through the day, senior cops from the district refused to comment on the investigations.Police denied there was any delay in the probe, but said procedures \"took some time\". Sources claimed the sketches of the accused have been prepared and a few numbers put on surveillance in order to find a lead in this case.The locals, however, are alleging police inaction in the case. \"The victim's father, who works as a labourer, went to the Chhawla police station where officers only registered a complaint and told him to go back home,\" said a resident of Qutub Vihar village. The protests continued all through the day. Commuters had to face a traffic chaos from Chhawla to Janakpuri area during the protest that ended only after police registered a case and assured the victim's father that his daughter would be found soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955727", "title": "Over 1.92 lakh children administered polio drops", "text": "NAGPUR: Over 1,92,337 children below 5 years of age were administered polio drops by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) in association with World Health Organization (WHO) and Rotary Club on Sunday.NMC had set up 1,095 booths in various parts of the city. Under the guidance of Dr Milind Ganvir, NMC's deputy director of health and Dr Savita Meshram, health officer (medical), a team led by pulse polio programme officer Dr Shyam Shende ensured that children coming to the booths in 10 zones were vaccinated.However, the target of giving polio drops to 2,73,660 could not be achieved as many parents did not bring children to the booths. Last year, 1,98,108 children were given drops.\"NMC will continue to administer polio drops by establishing transit camps and mobile booths on Tuesday. Later, a special door-to-door drive will be conducted from February 21 to 25. Total 922 teams will be formed for the special drive. The volunteers will visit houses and mark outside to ensure that all children are covered. Besides, 105 transit camps will be established at bus stops, railway stations, brick kilns, malls and construction sites to conduct for five days to ensure that the target is fulfilled,\" said Dr Shende.\"No polio positive case was detected in the city since 2001. We are keeping track of people who migrated. If no fresh cases are found till 2013, the World Health Organization (WHO) will declare our country as polio-free nation,\" said Dr Shende.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956283", "title": "One lakh kids administered polio drops", "text": "INDORE: The minister of state for health Mahendra Hardia launched the pulse polio drive at P C Sethi Hospital in Sanyogitaganj here on Sunday. The drive is a part of the first phase of the campaign. Officials of the health department claimed that more than one lakh children under the age of five were administered polio drops on Sunday. The second phase of the campaign will be held on April 15.It is estimated that there are about 5.50 lakh children in Indore district who have to be administered polio drops. To reach out to the maximum children, the district administration has set up 4,100 polio booths in which 9,562 officials and employees will rendered their services.The administration has dispatched a special mobile team in the slums of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957645", "title": "Guwahati boy picked as Liverpool University ambassador", "text": "GUWAHATI: An Assamese student at the University of Liverpool has been selected as an Indian ambassador of students. Vinayak Das, who hails from Guwahati and is an MSc student in Human Resource Management at the university, will be offering support, advice and counselling to students who wish to study in the United Kingdom and at the University of Liverpool in particular. Das has been appointed along with two other Indian students from Bangalore and Kolkata.Das will also help the students by addressing their prospects, lifestyle and opportunities in a foreign country and also acquaint them with life and education in Britain. The three Indian student ambassadors will be working in a team of 25 international students' ambassadors and will be representing their university worldwide. The Indian student ambassadors began their academic pursuits in September 2011 and will be working for the next one year.Vinayak will be working with the international recruitment and relations team of the university and will be addressing students in India with regards to issues like various degree programmes offered by the university, receiving students at airports, providing counselling and giving campus tour to parents and guardians of students visiting the university for the first time.\"Choosing a good university is a difficult task when you live far from the campus and don't know the country very well. Our job as student ambassadors is to use our experience of studying abroad for the benefit of students in India who have questions about what to study and how to adjust to a new country and culture. Liverpool is a fantastic multicultural student city with a history of great sport and music. I am really pleased to be able to represent the university in India,\" said Vinayak Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "11955925", "title": "Cancellation of Carnival an election stunt?", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Though the decision of the Digambar Kamat-led government to cancel the state-sponsored Carnival celebrations in the aftermath of the Calvim bus tragedy has been appreciated largely, it has not gone down well with some, who say the government could have handled it in a better way.Bharatiya Janata Party general secretary Govind Parvatkar said the government should admit its failure in constructing a bridge to link the Calvim island. \"The tragedy occurred due to the absence of a bridge, but the cancellation of Carnival appears to be an election stunt,\" he said.Stating that the problem would have been solved if the government had constructed a bridge, Parvatkar said the disaster management during search operations was also grossly inadequate. Agreed former Margao Municipal Council (MMC) chairperson, Savio Coutinho, \"The government cannot escape the blame for its failure to build a bridge.\" But chief minister Digambar Kamat, when contacted, said, \"The proposal is under process by the Goa State Infrastructure Development Corporation (GSIDC) of the state government.Aldona MLA Dayanand Narvekar said that he had been raising the issue of a link to Calvim for a decade. Producing documents from 2002 onwards, he said the land acquisition proceedings have started.Some have appreciated the government's decision to cancel the Carnival celebrations. Coutinho who is one of them, said, \"It was a good decision to cancel the Carnival celebrations.\" Another section, mostly comprising of Carnival revellers, are disappointed by the move. However, coming as it does at a time when the election fever is beginning to rise, the cancellation of the parade has prompted critics to question the government's intentions. \"Had it not been election time, the Carnival would never have been cancelled,\" remarked a political commentator, preferring anonymity.\"Of course, the families of the victims deserve our sympathy. But cancellation of carnival parades smacks of government attempts at politicizing Carnival. Did the government give a thought to the 30,000 tourists who flocked to the capital city to witness the floats? Did the government care to think about the loss the decision would accrue to the float-makers?\" former chairperson of Quepem Municipal Council Raul Pereira questioned. Agrees Kennedy Afonso from Cavelossim. \"Carnival is the people's festival. They participate out of enthusiasm and not for prizes,\" Afonso said.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960056", "title": "Arya in Delhi Belly remake?", "text": "Buzz is that Arya and Santhanam could be part of the cast of the Tamil remakeLooks like Arya and Santhanam are all set to repeat the magic of Boss Engira Baskaran once again. This time, it will be with Vandhaan Vendraan director Kannan's remake of Delhi Belly.Chennai Times had earlier reported that the Imran Khan-starrer will be remade in both Tamil and Telugu simultaneously, and that Jayam Ravi and Naga Chaitanya were being approached for the same. But, we now hear that the makers of the film are going ahead with only the Tamil version.A source tells us, \"The script was narrated to Arya recently, and he seems to have loved it. Though the actor hasn't signed on the dotted lines, it looks like he will come onboard. He's currently working on Selvaraghavan's Irandaam Ulagam, and this light-hearted comedy will give a perfect break for him. Santhanam is also keen on being a part of this project.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957295", "title": "Polls: Councillors bank on PR magic", "text": "NEW DELHI: MCD councillors are adding zing to their poll campaign. With corporation elections nearing, the stakes are high and they don't want to take any chances. So, they're seeking professional help to touch up their public image.They're getting tips on public conduct, and using the power of social networking sites and surveys to tap their vote bank. But all of this hasn't come cheap. These PR firms charge depending on the area of the ward.\"The surveys conducted by them are helpful for the councillors. These are part of the package they offer. The PR agency with whom I registered charged Rs 6,000 per booth. They give you tips on public conduct. They even tell you to interact with children and give them sweets, as their opinion influences their parents' opinion about the councillor,\" said councillor Jitender Singh Shunty.There are 37 booths in Shunty's ward, Jhilmil in Shahdara (South).\"This election is big in the capital. The candidates, who are contesting for the first time, do not know how to build a rapport with the people in their wards. We do surveys for them, prepare questionnaires and go from door to door to collect data.\"A team comprising 40 people is dedicated to each client. Our rates start from Rs 25,000 and we have 4-5 clients from each zone. We have an annual turnover of over Rs 20-30 lakh,\" said Achal Sharma of Goldstar PR agency.Some PR firms offer tips on dress codes to follow and even arrange for photo-shoots and documentaries. \"These days councillors are very conscious of their image. Even people want councillors, who can connect with the youngsters,\" said a PR professional on condition of anonymity.These PR firms formulate strategies to catch the young voters, especially the first-timers.\"We ask for their opinions and suggestions and pass it on to our client. We even prepare their CVs to make their profiles impressive.\"Some corporators also ask for booklets or pamphlets to be prepared to highlight the development work they have done in their wards. We also create their profiles on social networking sites and offer them tips on online interaction,\" said Rajiv Tulli of from Arcana India.But for those councillors, who might lose their seats once the high court decides on the anti-reservation plea, seeking PR help might just prove to be a futile exercise. Tulli, however, sees it differently.\"Since these councillors will then be contesting from different wards, we will conduct surveys for them there,\" he said.\"We are receiving bulk messages from PR firms, who claim they can manage elections in a 'professional way'. But it's mainly the new candidates, who have enlisted with these firms. Councillors who have done work in their wards will not be requiring it,\" said Jagdish Mamgain, chairman, works committee, MCD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956292", "title": "NPCIL goes for one more site for power plant in Mandla", "text": "INDORE: After having decided to go for setting up of a nuclear power plant in Chutka in Mandla district of the state, the Nuclear Power corporation of India ( NPCIL), has zeroed in on another site in the same district, said Srikumar Bannerjee, chairman, Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) during an interaction with media persons in the city on Sunday morning.One more site has been selected by the government for the nuclear power plant in the same area for a simple reason that plenty of water is available for setting up of a cooling system for the proposed plant, said he. However, Bannerjee made it clear that AEC does not go to the places which are already fertile in terms of agriculture. He clarified that they are not interested in acquiring barren land.Plant site selection is a major technical work as we take into account factors like water and geological conditions, seismic activity before finalizing a site, he said. Now, the good news being that site selection was complete for already decided nuclear power plant as the central government has also approved it, he said. Now, we are busy in acquiring land in the area for the same, said Bannerjee.Talking about augmenting capacity, Bannerjee said that we had planned to add 2,000 MW this year, but it doesn't seem possible now thanks to the Tsunami attack in Fukushima in Japan. In fact, we have become extra-cautious after the incident, said Bannerjee. Currently, atomic energy generation in the country is only to the tune of 3% of total power generation of the country, said Bannerjee. We are planning to add 5,300 MW of nuclear energy during 12th five-year plan, said he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957323", "title": "Man falls on Metro track, driver averts mishap", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 45-year-old man was critically injured after he fell on the metro track at Sultanpur Metro Station in south Delhi on Sunday. Police said the victim, Jeevant Singh Negi, was feeling dizzy when the incident took place.However, the driver of the train saw him on time and stopped the metro using the emergency brakes, they said. Sources said the victim sustained injuries to his head in the fall.He is admitted at AIIMS Trauma Centre where his condition is critical, the sources said.The incident happened around 4:47pm when Jeevant, along with his brother-in-law Kundan Singh, was waiting for the metro to take him to Aaya Nagar.The police said he felt dizzy and fell. Meanwhile, a train heading towards Gurgaon was brought to a halt in the nick of time by the driver.Bhairon Singh Gujjar, additional DCP, railways, said, \"Kundan told us that Jeevant accidentally fell on the tracks. He may not have been feeling well. He is being treated at the hospital.\" tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11957959", "title": "Moga sex scandal: Charges framed against ex-minister's son, 4 cops", "text": "PATIALA: Five years after the Moga sex scandal rocked the state, Patiala CBI court on Saturday framed charges against nine persons, including the son of a former Shiromani Akali Dal minister, and four senior Punjab police officers.The court has fixed March 30 as next date of hearing of the case.The charges have been framed against Barjinder Singh, son of former Akali minister Tota Singh, then Moga SSP Davinder Singh Garcha, SP Paramdeep Singh, DSP Raman Kumar, then SHO Amarjit Singh, Manjit Kaur, Sukhraj Singh, Karmjit Bath and Ranbir Singh Ranu.''The court has framed charges under sections 120- B, 384 (Extortion) and Prevention of Corruption Act. There were 10 accused, but Manpreet Kaur had turned approver,'' said CBI's special public prosecutor Pawan Kumar Dogra, who was present in the court of special judge (CBI cases) Patiala, Balvir Singh, when the charges were framed.The blackmailing racket involving senior cops and a politician's son had come to light in 2007.The victims, mainly rich persons from Moga, were allegedly blackmailed by some senior cops of Moga with the help of local women.The women used to accuse rich businessmen of Moga of sexually exploiting them and the cops minted money due to these complaints.The scandal hit headlines when some victims approached senior police authorities.Due to the involvement of senior cops of Moga, the Punjab and Haryana high court in December 2007 had handed over the investigations to CBI.CBI had arrested Garcha along with Sandhu for their alleged involvement in the scandal on February 26, 2008.''There are around 120 witnesses in this case. Court would record the statements of all witnesses and other related persons also,'' said Dogra.Most of the accused were arrested, but they managed to get bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957061", "title": "Fake cops rob senior citizen of Rs 80k jewellery", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior citizen was robbed of jewellery worth Rs 80,000 in Bandra (W) by three persons impersonating as cops. Namrata Devkar (65) was out for a morning walk when the incident took place near Mount Carmel church. \"The trio introduced themselves as policemen and asked her to take off her four gold bangles and place them in her bag as a precautionary measure,\" police said. Devkar did not realize when the men fled with her bangles from her bag. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11953831", "title": "Mahashivratri: Lord Shiv bhaktas ready to celebrate the auspicious festival", "text": "KANPUR: The city people are all set to celebrate Mahashivratri on Monday. Prominent city temples, including the Anandeshwar (Parmat), Kherepati Baba Mandir (Phool Bagh), Jageshwar temple (Nawabganj), Omkareshwar, Nageshwar and Khereshwar temples are ready to host hundreds of devotees who will throng these temples to offer milk and 'Bel Patra to Lord Shiva.Also, a number of people will fast on the auspicious occasion. Hundreds of devotees have planned to take part in special 'Shiv Aarati' followed by the distribution of 'bhaang ladoos' and 'thandai' as prasad.The wedding procession of Lord Shiva, which is the most important tradition associated with Mahashivratri, will be taken out from Parmath and Siddhnath temples. Following this, the roadside flower sellers and vendors are ready with thousands of milk packets and Bel Patras for devotees. Mahashivratri is the day that records highest sale of milk packets in the city.\"Unlike other days, the flow of devotees to the temple is 20 times more than the normal days. From youngsters to elderly people, from middle aged men to teenage girls, thousands of Shiv Bhaktas will throng the Parmat Temple,\" said Neeraj, a prasad vendor.The number of devotees to visit various Shiv temples in the city is increasing with every passing year. The queue of devotees would stretch for almost a kilometre outside Parmath. Similar number of visitors will come to other Shiv temples like Kherepati and Siddhanath as well. \"The Siddnath Temple in Jajmau remains a centre of attraction for all the devotees of Lord Shiva all throughout the year. It is on the day of Mahashivratri that a Shiv Barat is taken out with pomp and show,\" said Ramraj Yadav, a member of Siddnath temple committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11963640", "title": "Longevity of a show is threatened by low TVRs: Ravi Bhushan", "text": "Director Ravi Bhushan feels less of drama in Navya had led to fall in the TVRs of the show. But he is content with the loyal set of viewers the show has fetched.Television show Navya started with a promising start. There was a time when the show's TVR reached to more than 3 thereby catapulting it to the Top 10 programmes among the GECs (General Entertainment Channels). However, gradually the show's TVRs have witnessed a drop and have not been that impressive.Now, Navya is aired on the 6 pm time band on Star Plus. But the TVRs do not bother its director Ravi Bhushan as he feels the show has managed to get the required loyal viewership. \"Navya has had a small viewership, which has been loayl\" says Ravi who adds, \"We didn't get into too much drama. It is where we lost women audience. We focused on subtle emotions.\"And the director feels, no matter what he will stick to the idea of bringing something different to the small screen. \"I would only like to do shows that I personally like to direct,\" says he who feels what is making all the difference today is \"the increased number of channels and more number of shows these days. Owning to low TVRs, the longevity of a show gets affected, as a result.\"Ravi says, \"In India, we are not getting into a varied kind of programming. We don't have anything other than the saas bahu drama. A diverse platter like travel shows, auto shows, science related shows are missing , which need to be given thought to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956242", "title": "One dead, five injured in accident", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 33-year-old man died in a road accident near Gandhi Ashram on Sunday night. Five injured persons were taken to Civil Hospital by EMRI 108 services.Naranpura police said that Jagdambaprasad Mishra, a resident of Teerthboomi Apartment, Isanpur Road, was returning home from a marriage function held in western Ahmedabad at 7 pm in his car. He was accompanied by his wife Shraddha, 29, and children Prachi, 7, and Tushar, 6. When they reached near Dandi Bridge at 7.30 pm, a handcart puller tried to cross the road.\"Mishra and the puller could not decide who will go first. In the confusion, Mishra hit the handcart. To avert further damage, he tried to steer the car but it hit a tree nearby and then landed up near chawl area at Chandrabhaga. The mishap was so severe that Mishra, who was sitting on the driver's seat, died on the spot after being crushed between the seat and the steering wheel,\" said police.His wife and children were rushed to Civil Hospital. \"We also took Pancham Gavasa, 60, the handcart puller, and Vishal Pattni, 8, a local resident. While Gavasa sustained severe body injuries as he was hit by the car and then the tree, Vishal was standing near the ground where the car landed after the mishap,\" said a senior EMRI official. Police reached the spot soon after the incident. \"It is difficult to ascertain the cause of accident. We are awaiting for Gavasa to come to senses and record his statement. Mishra's family members are being informed about the mishap,\" said a Naranpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mapusa/panaji", "code": "11956074", "title": "Final adieu to victims of Calvim accident", "text": "MAPUSA/PANAJI: As the villages of Calvim and Aldona went into mourning following Saturday's tragedy, tension prevailed around the accident site, when news spread that chief minister Digambar Kamat was scheduled to visit the place on Sunday.Residents were furious on hearing this and resolved not to permit him into the village. Locals said they held the chief minister responsible for the accident alleging that the government had ignored their demand for a bridge. Sources said Kamat was scheduled to visit the site, but later cancelled the plan.Six persons, including four children, died when the mini bus they were travelling in fell into the river at Aldona. Autopsies were conducted on the bodies at Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim. Police handed over the body of Priyal Salgaocar and Dayanand Hoble to the respective families. The bodies were later cremated.Rajesh Naik, who was driving the bus, has been remanded to police custody. \"The driver claimed the accident occurred after the vehicle's brakes failed and it rolled into the river off the ferry ramp. He has admitted that the bus was in neutral gear and it was difficult to control the vehicle,\" a police official said. Police say Chandrakant Naik, the driver's father, is the bus owner. \"He has claimed that all the bus documents fell into the water and were lost in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "11957515", "title": "Quota for Muslims: BJP lashes out at opposition", "text": "NOIDA: The BJP on Sunday launched a frontal attack against its political rivals in UP accusing them of trying to distort the fundamental structure of the Constitution by promising to fix quotas on religious lines to woo the Muslim electorate.Addressing an election rally in Noida, leader of the opposition in Lok Sabha, Sushma Swaraj, said that all rival political parties are trying to negate the principles on which the Constitution was framed. \"Each party has surpassed the other in promising quotas for Muslims to attract votes,\" said Swaraj. \"The Congress promised 4.5 per cent quota for Muslims within the 27 per cent quota for OBCs. Later, Salman Khurshid went a step ahead and promised 9 per cent quota, Mayawati 15 per cent and Mulayam Singh 18 per cent. However, in promising to do so they have negated the principles adopted by the founding fathers of our Constitution. This has the potential to divide the country along religious lines,\" she added.However, while strongly castigating the rival parties, the BJP has adopted a cautious approach in not upsetting the Muslim electorate. \"Our party stands shoulder-to-shoulder with the Muslim brotherhood in all welfare schemes launched for them. However, our fight is against that mindset that undermines the concept of our nationhood,\" said Swaraj.The BJP leader emphasized that the saffron party is the only one that can form an alternative government in UP because the SP and BSP have both come to the aid of the Congress on numerous occasions whenever the BJP has tried to bring it to the mat. \"Be it the Indo-US nuclear deal or the 2G spectrum scam, these parties have always bailed out the Congress by votes or by staging walkouts,\" said Swaraj.Sushma Swaraj accuses other parties of trying to distort the structure of Constitution. Says this could divide the country along religious lines", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11958057", "title": "Bangalore cops fail to crack encrypted files on Meekin's laptops", "text": "BANGALORE: Investigations against British headmaster Paul Meekin , who was dismissed by Trio World School for misbehaving with his students, have hit a dead end. The Bangalore sleuths lack expertise to crack the encrypted files in the alleged pedophile's laptops.The investigators had on February 1 seized two laptops after UK police ordered Meekin's re-arrest since he was wanted in cases in their country and in Thailand . More than a fortnight later, the investigators are struggling to read data on Meekin's laptops.\"From one laptop we managed to get a mirror image of all the data he had stored. This runs into hundreds of encrypted files. We do not have experts in Bangalore to crack the files and enable us read them. We have now sent them to the Central Forensic Science Lab, Hyderabad, to open the files. It is sad that Bangalore, despite being the country's IT capital, is forced to look outside Bangalore,\" sources in the investigating agencies told the TOI.Meekin was arrested by Bangalore police on January 23 after the parents of a student in the school complained against his \"inappropriate behaviour\" . The headmaster would call the boy to his chamber in the school and make lewd comments , besides using sexually explicit language.Subsequently, he was released on bail. But on February 1, police re-arrested him following an Interpol alert that he had forged his identity . He has since been lodged in the Parappana Agrahara jail.\"We cannot proceed in the case till the contents of his laptops are made available to us. That will show whether he was a pedophile. There is an urgency for the investigators to know what Paul had in his laptops; who he was in touch with in India and abroad; who his contacts and friends were; and whether he was sending emails to children in the school, among other things. Sending the laptops to Hyderabad lab will delay the investigation. It will take three months for us to get the laptops back with the files,\" the investigators said.Times ViewIn these hi-tech times, investigation of crime involves expertise in computer forensics. This not only helps in tracing footprints of criminals across the globe but also in cracking hidden data or images. That the police force of the Silicon Capital of the country had to look elsewhere for this process is a sad comment on the kind of training imparted to the police force. The delay will hamper progress of the case not only in Bangalore but also in other countries where there has been an alert for Meekin. Techno-legal training for the police is a must, and the government cannot afford to lose time over this.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955282", "title": "Godown catches fire in Kolkata, no reports of casualties", "text": "KOLKATA: A fire broke out tonight inside a godown in the Tangra industrial estate of eastern Kolkata.Fire brigade sources said the fire was first noticed on the ground floor of a seven-storey building and it soon spread to other floors.As 20 engines were rushed to the spot, the blaze is now under control, firemen said.There was no reports of causalties or injured, they said.Fire services minister Javed Khan said the fire was expected to be totally doused within a couple of hours. Work is now on to douse the fire on the second floor.Local MLA Swarnakamal Saha said locals came out for help initially before the fire brigade arrived.Pointing out that elastic and foam was stored in the building, he said a stack of elastic first caught fire which spread as there was inflammable material around.The owner of the building has complained that it was a case of sabotage, to which the minister Khan said, \"We will look into the complaint. Forensic experts will come tomorrow to find the exact cause of fire\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960693", "title": "Havin\u2019 a gala time", "text": "The partygoers of the city seemed to have their hands full this weekend as they came out to celebrate in full force.There was so much to talk about, with cricket being right on top of the list, followed by music, theatre and movies. This popular restobar was the centre of the action as the revellers took time out to let off some steam and leave the workday behind. After all those gruelling hours spent hunching over the laptop and racing against the deadline, it seemed like a welcome break to be able to unwind with such latitude. There were awesome cocktails to sip on, some fine appetizers to tickle the tastebuds, and boy, there were some haute babes, who set the joint on fire. Maybe, that's the way the ladies like it!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955653", "title": "Trio was notorious at nightclubs", "text": "KOLKATA: The trio that has been accused in the car-rape case allegedly prowled in nightclubs looking for single girls as its next victim. They chose their target meticulously, without giving away any whiff of their intentions. After a brief introduction (always with false names) and a flirtatious conversation, they would play their last card - offer to drop the girl home.Naseer Khan, Nisad Alam alias Ruman and Kader Khan had gained notoriety in Kolkata's nightclub circuit, police said. Frequent faces at the Park Street nightclub from where the victim was picked up and two Sarat Bose Road discotheques, they had often been involved in brawls whenever someone got a whiff of their intentions and blew the lid. In 2008, Naseer had picked up a brawl with Sharafat Ali (who was impersonated) at Soho; in 2009 Kader had even ransacked a vehicle after such a brawl near The Park. In both cases, police intervened, but stopped short of taking formal action in the absence of a complaint.\"When I saw the arrested person on a Bengali news channel, he looked very familiar. This man parties a lot and yes, he's part of a large gang. I did see him and his friend every weekend for the last couple of years at our nightclubs,\" said a freelance media professional.A city model too recalled seeing him. \"We have seen this particular guy who frequents the discs but always with different groups of people. He usually instigates his companions to approach girls and offer them a drink or two. However, I have also noticed that he only approaches women he thinks might be susceptible to such advances. Usually, if one is a bit strict, one can avoid such guys. But yes, there are many such characters at nightclubs these days,\" she said.This isn't only about the trio. For some reason, Kolkata's nightclubs are slipping from bad to worse. None else than the bouncers - employed by private security agencies to manage the often unruly 'guests' - bear testimony to it. With nightclubs willing to bend rules to allow 'stags' alone (the rule for single girl entry was always there), nightclubs are slowly turning out to be joints to hit on unsuspecting victims.\"Two years ago, I was playing at a nightclub where a group of youngsters had come to party. While most of them were drinking, a girl took to the dance floor. That's when I saw a group of guys hitting the floor and trying to feel her up, but the girl called in the bouncers and the nightclub acted on time after an initial scuffle. Those guys were thrown out of the club,\" a popular DJ said. The DJ added, \"One huge problem is the advent of the mobile camera. Even when dancers are performing, people click them from every possible angle and the same holds true for women who are dancing on the floor as well. They try to capture the plunging necklines etc... Everything is captured on camera. The drinking ratio of women has also gone up over the years. If a girl has one drink too many and lets her defence down, people try to take advantage of that and close in on her.\"Sraboni, a popular model, said: \"It has happened so many times that drunken men have tried to feel me up on the dance floor. I complained to the authorities and nightclubs too have acted promptly and they were thrown out. Once I was at this particular Park Street nightclub, when a group of young guys started clicking my pictures without even asking for permission. Thankfully, my friends intervened and they were shooed away. Two years back, I was waiting for a friend on the road at Kasba, when three guys on a bike slammed the brakes right in front of me and assaulted me. It was very humiliating, but they managed to drive away before I could even note down the bike number. I wanted to complain but there were no policemen nearby and I didn't have the bike's number. I have seen such characters who keep frequenting nightclubs and there seems to be no way to keep them out. Many of them offer to buy me a drink. Though I refuse, I have seen other women accept, which is taken as an indication that they are available for such liaisons. Seriously, Kolkata is no better than Delhi these days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11955861", "title": "Locals clash with Velim MLA, supporters at Betul", "text": "MARGAO: High drama amid some tense moments were witnessed at Betul in Salcete on Sunday morning as hundreds of locals laid siege to a house where forests minister and Velim MLA Filipe Neri Rodrigues had holed up along with his supporters after being chased by locals. Rodrigues was later escorted out of the house with police protection.Sources said that Rodrigues had come to Rangalle, Betul, as part of his poll campaign but alert locals suspected that money was being doled out to some residents. Some locals confronted Rodrigues' supporters and questioned them over the alleged distribution of money. Tempers rose and a heated exchange of words followed. As the Rodrigues-team retreated, agitated locals chased them, forcing Rodrigues and his supporters to take shelter in a house.The crowd soon swelled and they laid siege to the house waiting for Rodrigues to come out.Significantly, locals then complained to the flying squad that Rodrigues was holding a meeting with his supporters, which included government servants, and that cash-distribution was suspected.The flying squad, aided by the police, descended on the spot and conducted a search of the house. One of the cars belonging to Neri's supporters was also searched, but nothing incriminating was found, official sources said.Returning officer Prashant Shirodkar, when contacted, said: \"The flying squad conducted a thorough search of the place, but the allegations could not be proved.\" Rodrigues had to face the brunt of public ire in a similar way during the ZP elections held two years ago at the same place.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957154", "title": "TOI first reported horrifying tale of sexual abuse at walled city home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two weeks after TOI first broke the story about the hellhole orphanage in the Walled story, more horror stories are flying out from its dark chambers. Shocking tales of assault and sexual abuse of minor girls and boys that will leave you numb and chilled to the bone. Stalked, battered and raped, innocence is trampled upon everyday at the Arya Orphanage in Daryaganj.Inmates huddle at a corner of their rooms as shadows lengthen and shudder at the thought of even going to the toilet. And it was only after an 11-year-old girl died after being repeatedly raped in the orphanage, that the shocking stories of exploitation are tumbling out.The girl, a Class III student of Rani Dutta School on the orphanage campus, was often seen sobbing on the stairs of the school. \"She could not suffer anymore and would say she wanted to run away,\" said her friend.These facts have been detailed in a report by an NGO, Haq Foundation, which was engaged by the police to counsel children and find out more about sexual abuse inside the orphanage. The child welfare committee has now launched an inquiry.TOI first broke the story on January 26 along with details of the autopsy report which stated \"she was a victim of sexual abuse, both vaginal and anal\".The Haq Foundation, along with police, spoke to several girls and boys inside the orphanage. They all had the same horror story on their lips. And the culprits were invariably senior boys or male staff members, including guards.The report states that \"boys peep into the girls' rooms, storm into their toilets and molest them, pass obscene comments and even drag them with their hair\". They are also forced to watch pornographic videos, said an inmate.The Haq Foundation report also says minor boys are victims of sodomy. The crime is hushed up as the children are threatened to keep quiet and not allowed to meet their parents.The 11-year-old's mother, who lives in Rohini, had told police and counsellors that her daughter was happy when she had come home in June last year. But the truth was that she would regularly tell her mother to take her out of the orphanage. Another girl and a close friend told counsellors that \"she had seen her friend being sexually abused in the toilet\". The girl also told Haq Foundation team that same boy had raped three others. Several girls have told the NGO team that they are living in a prison and are exploited every day by senior boys and male staff members who have free access to Kanya Sadan.Even several minor boys said they had been sodomised at night when they are alone in their rooms. They are also thrashed and forced to wash their utensils and clothes.Nitinjya Chaudhry, assistant secretary of Arya Anathalaya, has, however, refuted these allegations. He stated: \"Sexual abuse usually takes place secretly, so it can evade detection. We maintain that barring two incidents which are under investigation, no such incident could have taken place in the premises of Arya Orphanage and allegations made by Haq NGO are malicious, motivated and baseless\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11956478", "title": "Move to acquire farmers' land opposed", "text": "KARWAR: Advocate and social activist Kishore Desai on Thursday urged the Karnataka Housing Board (KHB) not to acquire 55 acres of land belonging to farmers in Chittakula.He also warned of a protest in front of the KHB office on February 22, if it went ahead with the proposal.Desai told the media here that an action committee has been formed to prevent the land acquisition process. \"The KHB have failed to take the land owners into confidence before issuing notification for acquiring land. The officials have misguided the government and are going ahead with land acquisition by providing wrong information, he alleged. He accused the KHB of trying to make profit by acquiring land at nominal rate and then selling it at a higher price.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955068", "title": "Citizens feel disconnect as state \u2018waters down powers of civic body\u2019", "text": "As the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance readies to return to power in the BMC, the question many experts are raising is whether its corporators will have any real role in the city's planning and development. The civic body, they say, is being slowly stripped of powers while the idea of local self-governance and decentralization gains currency elsewhere.Over the years, the civic body's role in the city's projects has got curtailed. This in turn means that people have a lesser say in deciding the direction the city takes. Experts point out that the real power today flows not through BMC committees, but from the corridors of Mantralaya and the offices of MMRDA and MSRDC. These agencies manage the city's flyovers and many of its major thoroughfares. There are, in fact, murmurs now of even taking away water supply management from the corporation. Ajit Ranade of the Association for Democratic Reforms feels that the civic body has been reduced to a \"toothless tiger\". \"For the public, corporators are often the visible faces. But they have no say. The process of taking away the civic body's powers is akin to dilution of autonomy,\" he said.Experts point out that the trend, which started decades ago, goes against the grain of laws that make it mandatory upon the state to include local self-governance authorities as active participants in the planning process.\"From the '70s, with the establishment of parastatal bodies, the state has been trying to take planning away from the civic body,\" said Amita Desai of the Tata Institute of Social Sciences. \"It is worse now as the state is trying to intervene in housing policies, property tax system and building facades. While the state is building assets, the BMC is merely maintaining them.\" The downside of all this is that people are getting disconnected from governance.The ruling alliance has decided to make decentralization its buzzword now. Shiv Sena leader Subhas Desai said, \"We will make sure that the state gives the BMC more powers.\"CM Prithviraj Chavan denied the state is taking away the BMC's powers. \"The BMC needs to undertake what it has been assigned properly before taking up bigger projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956992", "title": "Ramjas admission scam: Principal named in chargesheet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramjas admission scam mastermind Naresh Tau has told the police that he gave Rs 80,000 and a bottle of scotch to college principal Rajendra Prasad . Although denied by Prasad, the allegation has been incorporated in one of the case chargesheets filed before the Tis Hazari Court.Delhi Police recently filed 28 chargesheets, accessed by TOI, related to the scam in which 36 students gained admission in the college in the past two years allegedly using forged marksheets.After his arrest, Naresh Tau - a politically connected ex-student of Ramjas who is accused of masterminding the scam - told police that he had gone to Prasad's residence during admission season to give him \"Rs 80,000 and a bottle of Johnnie Walker\", to ensure the fake admissions did not meet with resistance from within the college.Police said Prasad denied the charges. This has been noted in a chargesheet which says the police have \"no evidence yet\" on the principal's role in the scam.Several admission committee members of the college have also been listed as suspects in a few chargesheets and the cops have recommended action against them for ignoring guidelines and being irresponsible towards the admission process.Police have accused the suspects in the admission committee of actions that benefitted the scamsters. Admissions in the college in 2010-11 were handled by \"dealing assistants\", as the teaching staff were on a strike.The admission committee members listed as 'suspects' in a few chargesheets include P K Malhotra (convener) and professor S S Dahiya, apart from dealing assistants Uday Raj Singh, Nandan Singh, Shambhu Dutt Sharma and Pratap Chauhan. Section officers Dilbagh Singh and Sukhbir Singh have also been named.\"As per guidelines from the principal, the college admission committee staff had been directed to scrutinize the documents and their contents properly and minutely but they did not discharge their legal and obligatory duty,\" says a chargesheet.Delhi Police has come across several irregularities ignored by the admission committee, including some badly made fake marksheets. One such marksheet, a chargesheet says, \"contains a spelling mistake of ninety (spelt as 'ninty'). This was overlooked by the staff deputed for admission and they put their signatures on the admission form.\"\"It seems that staff of the admission committee has benefitted the accused knowingly,\" says a chargesheet.Several former and current Ramjas students were among 18 people arrested in the scam. They include Naresh Tau, Sanjeet Dahiya, Anurag Sharma alias Pandit, Love Kumar, Suresh Chand and Raje Singh.Police said the scamsters charged between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 6 lakh from students to get them admitted into the college by forging their marksheets. Delhi Police had registered 36 FIRs in the scam and investigations are still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960515", "title": "Salman Khan celebrates Shivratri", "text": "Back from Cuba, the actor drives straight to his farmhouse to celebrate Shiv Ratri and recuperate before starting his next film\"Salman believes in Lord Shiva as much as he believes in other Gods. Last year was the first time he missed Ganpati celebrations as he was undergoing a surgery in the US for his nerve disorder and he was definitely not happy about that,\" said Salman's friend.Most of the Khan family members - including brothers Sohail and Arbaaz are expected to attend the Shiv aarti at the farmhouse. \"Salim Khan reached the farmhouse on Saturday. He and Salman are preparing for the Shiv puja.\"The farmhouse has a Shiva shrine. Salim and Salman have renovated it. They have also appointed a pujari who does a small ritual every morning and also maintains the temple,\" said the friend.The celebrations will also include Salman's Karjat neighbours. Around 125 villagers have been asked to join in. After the customary fasting, there will be feasting.While the world knows about Salman's devotion to Ganpati, not many known about his fascination with Shiva.Salim Khan's family takes Shiv Ratri as seriously as they do Iftaar. On both occasions, thalis heaped with food are distributed among the poor and sent to orphanages, old-age homes, besides friends and relatives.However, Sallu is in no hurry to get back to the city. \"Salman will stay at the farmhouse for about nine-ten days. He will resume work only on March 9, when he starts shooting for his home-production Dabangg 2. A special set is being put up at Kamalistan (Andheri East) for the same,\" added the source.A bit of R &amp; R is just what the doctor recommended, right?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958279", "title": "Managing crowds", "text": "With rapper Honey Singh performing at the Ramjas College grounds on the last day of the annual festival, there was chaos as about 30,000 students tried to make their way in, leading to a stampede-like situation at the entry point. A student of Dayal Singh College was seriously injured in the mayhem and had to be taken to the Indra hospital while a few of the other injured students were given first-aid. The issue has forced colleges to rethink alternate measures of crowd management apart from increasing security.Following the incident, Shri Ram College of Commerce (SRCC), in its February 15-18 fest, increased the number of student-volunteers and police personnel to man the entry and exit points.\"We ensured that more police personnel were deployed at all entry-exit points, made separate entry for girls and boys as well as for the staff. Also, we had a few bouncers to control the crowd,\" informs PC Jain, principal SRCC.Colleges, which are yet to hold their fests, are cautious after the Ramjas incident. Motilal Nehru College had trouble securing clearance from the authorities for organising their fest after the Ramjas stampede.\"Students must behave in a disciplined manner at such events. We allowed entry only against display of students' i-cards and made sure only genuine participants entered the arena. Increasing the number of security guards is an option, but there must be guidelines for managing a large crowd, which we will be working on,\" says I S Bakshi, principal, Dayal Singh College.The DU student union too believes on having a crowd management mechanism in place. \"It is the responsibility of the individual college to handle such situations; they should be ready as the crowds have always been large,\" says Ajay Chikara, president, DUSU.He adds, \"We have written to the principal of the college and the proctor for instituting an enquiry into the matter. Colleges with pending fests are enhancing security and we are also offering more volunteers.\"Usha Rao, proctor, DU, believes that managing a large number of students desperate to watch the stars perform can become a difficult situation.\"An enquiry is being conducted into the Ramjas issue. We need to be ready to handle such situations and are thinking of ensuring safety by controlling the number of students through sales of a fixed number of tickets and by using private security,\" she concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957969", "title": "Mixed voices emanate from Shondhi Tola area", "text": "LUCKNOW: Voters in Sondhi Tola could not see beyond Lalji Tandon, when it comes to picking up their favourite candidate. When Tandon, himself came to cast the vote, at the booth, on Sunday, with his son Gopalji Tandon, people only got more vocal of their support for Tandon. In such a situation, it was next to impossible to find out dissenting voices. Lalji Tandon, in response to the questions fielded to him said that he is confident that BJP would emerge the number one party in the state. While, he talked high about BJP's prospects in the area, people in his locality, denied that there are any civic woes in the area. \"Tandonji removes all the problems even before they appear,\" said Rajesh Tandon.Move away from Sondhitola, and there are lot of voices in against. \"Nobody has done anything for this area. Development and employment are the two biggest demands of the area,\" said Mohd. Tahrir, at Unity college booth in Chowk area. There were also the likes of Zehra, at Shia College booth, who said that they want their area, to be no longer branded as a \"sensitive\" area. \"We want to live in peace here,\" she said. Lucknow West had recorded the lowest polling percentage of 29.56% in 2002 in Lucknow, and of 27.88% in 2007, among all the constituencies of Lucknow.Voters in Lucknow West see it as a tug-of-war between SP and BSP. At Hussainbad Trust, Mohd Haroon Ansari said, \"All we want from government is to listen to us. Look at the condition of roads here and you will realise yourself that nobody has made any change to this area.\" He said people are voting for change this time. A section of voters in Chowk, saw it to be a fight between SP and BJP. Some of the voters also said they voted for a bigger cause. \"I know my vote will not only make a difference for Lucknow, but the entire Lucknow,\" said Mala Mishra.Lucknow West is an area with dominant Muslim votes, at least 41%. OBCs, Yadavs, Brahmins and Kayasthas, are other castes in the reckoning. However, it was rare to find a voter in the constituency, who talked about the caste factor. Voters were prompt enough to say it was development for which they have voted. \"In my area, stray animals are the biggest nuisance. Electricity is hardly there for most hours of the day, and roads are worse, and a big cause of accident,\" said Richa Jaiswal.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11957253", "title": "Posting of armed guards needs fine tuning: Shipping secretary", "text": "KOCHI: India will ask the global shipping community to 'fine-tune' practices adopted while deploying armed guards on merchant vessels in the backdrop of the Enrica Lexie case.\"Already there are good practices evolved by global shipping industry to ensure that armed guards on private vessels use force in a very restrained manner. This (killing of unarmed fishermen by the Italian marines) may be a stray case as there are no similar incidents reported from anywhere in the world. But we need to fine tune those practices and ensure that such incidents do not recur,'' shipping secretary K Mohandas told TOI here.\"There are reports that the mariners did not follow the prescribed practices. Of course, we can come to the final conclusions only after a full investigation. We don't want to make any hasty statements. Even though India is not a big player in the global shipping industry, the incident will serve as a reminder for ship security staff as to why they should proceed cautiously in such a situation,'' he said.Pointing out that this incident was the first of its kind in recent maritime history, commander in charge of the coast guard station DIG T K S Chandran, said the incident should be an eye opener as it lays bare the risks involved while deploying armed guards on merchant vessels.\"It is certainly heartening that we could intercept them quickly and a major milestone has been achieved with the detention of those involved in the crime.But it is crucial that the case is taken to its logical conclusion by following the law of the land. Then it will be a real lesson to all who deploy such forces on board the vessels,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11962664", "title": "Raj Khurana in trouble even before Swamy judgment", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The former BJP chief parliamentary secretary of Punjab Raj Khurana, who should have been the first to have been affected by the Supreme Court judgment in the 2G scam on the complaint of Subramanian Swamy on Tuesday, has already lost immunity against sanction of prosecution in the bribery case he is facing.\"There is no need of seeking prosecution sanction from the Punjab government against Khurana as per Section 8 of the Prevention of Corruption Act (PCA) which says there is no need for the sanction of prosecution if a person is booked for demanding a bribe to get a work done from a government servant,\" sources in the CBI told The Times of India.If Khurana was booked under Section 7 of the Prevention of Corruption Act (PCA) for demanding a bribe to do some job himself, the prosecution sanction was required, he said.Khurna loses the immunity even due to another reason of his term in public office during which he was accused of committing a crime has come to an end. Even if he is elected again, Khurana is not protected against prosecution sanction for the term that has ended, the sources said.Now, his situation is similar to that of Parkash Singh Badal and speaker Nirmal Singh Kahlon, both of whom did not get immunity against prosecution in corruption cases, as the charges they faced related to a previous term.Sources in the CBI said the clarification on Raj Khurana has recently been made clear.The recent judgment by the division bench of justice Ak Ganguly and justice GS Singhvi is also fraught with dangers for Khurana as, if the other provisions did not work, then the government would have been forced to decide on granting sanction in a hurry.Sources said Raj Khurna was one of the rarest minister level functionaries of the government who has attracted section 8 of (PCA as a large number of lawyers who demand money for income tax officials attract the provision.Legal experts say though the court has fixed the time limit for deciding on prosecution sanction, there is another fight for bringing the denial of prosecution sanction under judicial review and allowing the investigating agency inquiry against an officer of joint secretary and above rank without a prior permission. On the contrary, vigilance bureau of Punjab is free to hold inquiry against officer of any level.The judgment of justice Ganguly and Singhvi has placed Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in a peculiar situation as he may be forced to order an inquiry to find out as to who in PMO lapsed on the issue of 2G scam prosecution sanction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957803", "title": "Youngsters make their votes count in Cantt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Youngsters from different areas of Lucknow Cantonment turned up in large numbers to vote at various polling booths in Alambagh, Rajendranagar, Motinagar, Aishbagh and other adjoining areas. The Election Commission's one liner, 'Your vote counts as your youth does' to a great extent helped in boosting the morale of the youngsters.\"It's a privilege that the future of our country is in our hands. If we do not vote, we will never get good governance,\" said Tanuj Sharma, a first time voter. Accompanying him was Munish Shukla, a volunteer of India Against Corruption. He said, \"We want a candidate who works for the welfare of common man.\"The polling, however, was brisk early in the morning and picked up later in the day. In a polling booth in Alambagh, election officials said, \"There is quite a good turnout of people between 10.00 am to 12.00 noon. There were long queues which indicate a good polling percentage.\" Lucknow Cantt is witnessing a contest between Rita Bahuguna Joshi of the Congress, and Suresh Tiwari of the BJP.However, few voters complained of anomalies in voter slips. Ironically, a BSP worker from Sardar Patel Nagar, Shan Bakshi said, \"My name is missing from the list. Even if I have all the documents, I am unable to vote. In my family, out of four, two have been deprived of exercising right to franchise.\"At Janta Inter College, another pooling booth, the death of a presiding officer due to heart attack diluted the voting atmosphere for sometime. As per officials, Rajan Lal Yadav was a diabetic and had forgotten his medicines at home. \"He called up his son asking him to give the medicines. His son came and gave the medicines, and as soon as Yadav ate them, he fell on the ground,\" said an official.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "11958142", "title": "My arrest is Jaya\u2019s birthday gift: Natarajan", "text": "THANJAVUR: Reacting to his arrest on land-grabbing charges, M Natarajan, husband of Jayalalithaa's former aide Sasikalaa, termed the charges as fake and bestowed his wishes on Jayalalithaa prior to her 64th birthday on February 24, here on Sunday.Natarajan was arrested in Chennai on Saturday by the Chennai city police on instructions from the Deputy Inspector General of Police A Amalraj, who acted on a complaint by S Ramalingam (67) of Anbu Nagar in Trichy.Anbu alleged that Natarajan and six others grabbed his 20 acres in Vilar village in Thanjavur district. Later, he was brought to the residence of judicial magistrate Malathi at around 2am on Sunday in Thanjavur by road. Then, he was handed over to the Thanjavur police.He told reporters that cases were being fabricated in revenge against his family. However, his family will face all charges and cooperate with the police. He dedicated his arrest to Jayalalithaa as a birthday gift. The magistrate dismissed Natarajan's plea for relief on grounds of poor health. She remanded him in judicial custody till March 2. Then he was taken to Trichy central prison and lodged there by 6am on Sunday.According to the police, the cases were registered against seven persons including Natarajan under section 147, 120(b), 447, 506(ii) and 109 of IPC. The names of the six others were Swaminathan, Chinnaiah alias Venkatesh, Suresh, Ilavalagan, Gubendran and Marimuthu. Of the six persons, Chinniah and Gubendran were arrested and remanded in Trichy central prison by 11 am. The police are on the lookout for the rest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11956415", "title": "Bhopal gas tragedy victims stage protest against IOC", "text": "Enraged over International Olympics Committee's (IOC) refusal to remove Dow chemical as a sponsor of the London Olympic Games, organizations of victims of Bhopal Gas Disaster plan to intensify their agitation, barely 150 days before the Games start.The survivors of the 1984 Union Carbide disaster on Sunday burnt effigy of IOC president, Jacques Rogge, in the state capital. \"By giving a walkover to Dow, the IOC dismayed us and the Olympic spirit. We will not let Dow absolve itself from its liability of compensation in Bhopal,\" said Bhopal Gas Peedith Mahila Udyog Sanghathan (BGPMUS) convenor Adbul Jabbar.Unfazed by the protests in India, the IOC on Thursday made it clear that Dow Chemicals will remain a sponsor of the London Olympics, insisting that the company had no role in the Bhopal gas tragedy.Earlier in February prominent Para Olympians had voiced their support for Bhopal gas victims. The survivors strongly criticized the role of the Indian government and the Indian Olympic Association (IOA). \"The Government and IOA must react strongly against the IOC stand. It is time for LOCOG and IOC to be told that India will not take part in the London Olympics if it continues to be sponsored by a corporation responsible for deaths and sufferings in Bhopal,\" said Rachna Dhingra of Bhopal Group for Information and Action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957733", "title": "BSY, Shobha in Varanasi", "text": "BANGALORE: Mahashivaratri holds special significance to Yeddyurappa, who fashions himself as the topmost leader of the Veerashaivas . The former chief minister, who is lobbying for a comeback, is observing the occasion in Varanasi.Accompanied by ministers Shobha Karandlaje and V Somanna and Belgaum MP Suresh Angadi, Yeddyurappa reached Varanasi in a special flight on Sunday evening. After seeking blessings from the Jangamavadi Veerashaiva mutt seer, Yeddyurappa participated in a religious programme organized by Kashi pandits.At 11pm, the former chief minister performed a pooja at the Kalabairavesha temple.Yeddyurappa and other leaders are scheduled to have a special darshan at the Kashi Vishwanath temple at 3am on Monday. He is also expected to participate in the rathotsava (car festival).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11957288", "title": "Spotted: A black hole that survived galaxy destruction", "text": "WASHINGTON: Astronomers have spotted a rare mid-weight black hole some 290 million light-years from Earth which they say offers clues about a now-destroyed galaxy that may once have existed around it.Researchers at the Sydney Institute for Astronomy in Australia who spotted the black hole using the Hubble Space Telescope think the dwarf galaxy was torn apart by the gravity of a larger host galaxy that it orbited.The violent encounter they would have stripped away most of the dwarf galaxy's stars, but it also could have compressed the gas around its central black hole, triggering a new wave of star formation, LiveScience reported.The observations suggest that the young stars must be less than 200 million years old, researchers said. \"The fact that there's a very young cluster of stars indicates the intermediate-mass black hole may have originated as the central black hole in a very low-mass dwarf galaxy. The dwarf galaxy was then swallowed by the more massive galaxy ,\" lead researcher Sean Farrell said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956366", "title": "It's time to redeem AMC bonds", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Those holding the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) city infrastructure bonds since 2004 and 2005 have been intimated by the AMC to note the record date for the bonds on March 16 this year. The date has been fixed for the investors to claim their half-yearly interest. The period for two bonds released by AMC in 2004 and 2005 has been fixed for March 31 this year.In 2005, the AMC had come out with security redeemable tax-free bonds. Each of these bonds - valued at Rs 10 lakh - were issued to fund civic activities like laying new drainage lines, water supply lines, water and sewerage pumping stations and distribution stations. AMC was the first to issue such bonds in the country. In 2005 and 2006, the AMC even got an A++ rating from credit rating agency Crisil .Most of these bonds were held by corporate houses and banks, according to officials. \"The AMC has issued four sets of tax-free bonds. These are the last of the lot whose periods are ending on March 31 this year. Under rule 111 and 112 of the BPMC Act, the following announcement was made for the investors regarding the half-yearly interest rates that are fixed at 6 per cent,\" adds the official.Another tax-free bond called the secured redeemable tax-free bond was issued in 2004. This bond was specifically utilized by the AMC to create revenue resources. It was issued at the rate of 6.4 per cent and was valued at Rs 58 crore. Each bond was prized at Rs 10 lakh.After almost seven years, the AMC standing committee has proposed to launch another set of tax-free bonds valued at Rs 150 crore or more this financial year. AMC sources say that the bonds will be issued in the new budget year and the prize will be fixed after analyzing the Union ministry of the urban development budget allocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957574", "title": "Return to peace boosts Karbi fest footfall", "text": "GUWAHATI: The 38th Karbi Youth Festival (KYF '12) held at Taralangso, 3km from Diphu in Karbi Anglong district, witnessed the highest numbers of visitors - three lakh - since its inception in 1974. The reason for this jump in the footfall is that peace has finally returned to the hill district and people felt safe attending the event this year. Militancy has been at an all-time low in Karbi Anglong in the past six months with most rebel outfits of the district coming to the mainstream.\"It was amazing to witness the festival. We have been hearing about this festival for a long time but were too scared to come here because of the militancy problem in the district. But this time, with things changing for the better, a few of us decided to cycle from Guwahati to attend the event,\" said Albert, who covered 241km from the city on a bicycle to reach the venue of the fest.The Karbi Youth Festival, purported to be the largest ethnic festival in the northeast, this year recorded over three lakh visitors, including more than 1,200 foreigners compared to just two lakh last year. The five-day festival, which began on Wednesday and ended on Sunday, showcased the traditional and ethnic diversity of Karbi Anglong district along with performances by national and international artists.\"As expected, the KYF was a huge success this time. Tourists from all over the world came here and witnessed our rich ethnicity. This year, the footfall broke all records, with more than three lakh visitors attending the festival. And the credit goes to the recently-restored peace in the district. With most of the militant outfits coming to the negotiation table, we hope the festival will gather an even bigger following in coming years,\" said Ranjan Engti, chief coordinator of the event.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi's son Gaurav too participated in the event, informed Engti. \"Gaurav said he hasn't seen such an amazing festival anywhere in the world. We hope he will help us get government support to promote the event,\" said Engti. He added the organizers have approached the state tourism department earlier but been faced with disappointment.In the past few months spanning 2011-end and the beginning of this year, the hill district's major rebel outfit, the United People's Democratic Solidarity (UPDS), disbanded itself, while peace talks with both factions of another militant group, the DHD, have almost reached the final stage. Several other groups like the Kuki Revolutionary Army, United Kukigram Defense Army, Hmar People's Convention (Democracy) and Kuki Liberation Army have also laid down their arms.In December last, 568 cadres of the UPDS formally laid down their arms in front of Assam Police. A total of 177 weapons, including AK series rifles, M-16 rifles, 40mm UBGLs and SLRs were handed over to the police along with ammunition.UPDS joint secretary (political affairs) Waraju Mukrang who also participated in the festival said that it was a good experience. \"It was nice,\" was his brief remark.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957598", "title": "New law to keep city clean", "text": "GUWAHATI: Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Sunday said that a new Act will be passed in the Assam assembly which will make it mandatory for all commercial establishments and households to keep the environment clean. Speaking during the environment awareness campaign organized by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) in front of the Cotton College, Gogoi said: \"After the new Act on cleanliness comes into effect, commercial establishments and households found polluting the environment will be slapped with a fine by the concerned authorities.\"Emphasizing on such cleanliness initiatives across the state by the public as well as civic bodies, the chief minister praised the city students who took part in the drive carried out by the GMC on Sunday. State social welfare minister Akon Bora, water resources minister Rajib Lochan Pegu, irrigation minister Ardhendu Dey, public health engineering minister Gautam Roy and Guwahati Metropolitan Development Authority (GMDA) chairman Robin Bordoloi joined the chief minister during the cleanliness drive conducted on the occasion. Gogoi, along with other top government officials, were leading the drive with brooms in their hands.Gogoi appealed the Guwahatians to set an example of cleanliness as Guwahati is the gateway to the north east and Assam. \"As Guwahati city expands, the burden of waste materials produced is increasing. It is important that the waste material is properly disposed. Plastic packets should not be thrown into drains as it adds to the problem of flash flood,\" the chief minister said. Gogoi urged the people and the civic bodies to carry out cleanliness drives at least once in a week for a clean and healthy environment. \"Clean environment is the key to a sound mind and body,\" he added.GMC commissioner Puru Gupta said the GMC will conduct such cleanliness drives every weekend. \"Every Sunday, we will select a particular ward or place. On weekends, we get more workforce as GMC workers don't have a busy schedule. Besides, the local people can also offer a helping hand. We want public support in this new mission to keep Guwahati clean\", said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11955938", "title": "Man kills son-in-law over gold chain", "text": "NASHIK: A man killed his son-in-law, Bharat Palde, over a gold chain at Makhmalabad, Panchavati, on February 18. The Upnagar police said that according to a complaint by Niphad resident Arun Palde, his son was stabbed by Vijay Dev from Savarkar Nagar.Vijay allegedly stabbed his son-in-law in the Jail Road area at 8pm. Arun said Vijay's daughter and his son had eloped two years back; however, Vijay was against the marriage. During Diwali last year, when Dev's daughter was with her parents, her father took away her chain, saying he would mortgage it and apply for her divorce with the cash.However, things settled down and Dev's daughter went back to her husband's house. Meanwhile, Bharat kept asking his father-in-law for the chain. He and his father had come to Dev's place to get the chain back on February 18, when an argument broke out between Bharat and Vijay and the latter allegedly attacked him with a sharp weapon. Bharat was taken to hospital but succumbed to injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11956984", "title": "Salute to NGOs for 'selfless service'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Keeping in view the struggle by NGOs in fighting various community challenges such as poverty, illiteracy, malnutrition, AIDS and Cancer , SKF India Ltd saluted their efforts during a function on Sunday.The event - 'SKG - We Care' - was organized at Chandigarh Golf Association along with SKF's authorized distributor A S Bearing.The NGOs were congratulated for their work.The main aim behind the event was to bring to light the NGOs' selfless devotion to the world so that those who want to help know who to approach.Amandeep Singh, CEO of A S Bearing, said, \"Corporate social responsibility is an integral part of all corporates. Many times, they don't realize who to support and those looking for help do not know where to go. Through this event we want to get together the ones who are looking for help and the ones who want to help. We feel that if we can be a part of such an effort we would have served society in a small way.\"On the occasion, city-based NGOs were felicitated. These include Developing Indigenous Resources, Sorem, Mask Theatre, Jeevan Muqt Nishulk Vidyalaya, Sahayata and Akal Trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11955130", "title": "Assembly election 2012: UP stays on a turnout high, 57.20% recorded in phase-4 of voting", "text": "LUCKNOW: As youngsters and women came out in large numbers to vote, the fourth phase of the UP assembly elections recorded 57.20% turnout on Sunday, almost at par with the high polling percentage witnessed in the first three phases. Now, with the mammoth poll exercise crossing the halfway mark, it seems likely that the high voting trend will be maintained in the remaining three phases, which political pundits feel may spring some surprises on March 6, when counting for all the 403 assembly constituencies takes place.Such high voting percentages over the first four phases - which has now covered 226 constituencies - may well have set the course of this high-voltage poll which has immense bearings on the Centre. Pitched battles now lie ahead in 177 constituencies. There was an undercurrent of anti-incumbency running through the first four phases, though a smiling chief minister said after casting her vote on Sunday that she was \"sure people will vote BSP to power again\".Of the 56 assembly constituencies in 11 districts which went to polls on Sunday, Shahabad in Hardoi recorded the highest polling at 64% while Kunda in Pratapgarh saw the lowest at 49%. A district-wise comparison showed that the highest 59.60% polling was in Rae Bareli followed by 59.33% in Kannauj, 59.19% in Hardoi, 59% in Farrukhabad, 58.17% in Fatehpur, 57.50% in Chitrakoot, 57.17% in Unnao, 57% in Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Nagar, 55.8% in Lucknow 55.80%, 54.25% Banda and 52.86% in Pratapgarh.The polling in Lucknow was impressive considering the poor turnout in previous elections. In 2007, it was 35.85% and in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections it was 40.24%. The polling booths saw long queues since morning. The Lucknow Montessori School in Mall Avenue assumed the status of VVIP polling centre where chief minister Mayawati, governor BL Joshi and UP Congress chief Rita Bahugana Joshi cast their votes.All the districts saw a jump in the polling percentage compared to previous years. First-time voters were particularly excited. Swati Dixit, an undergraduate student in Unnao, said, \"We need to vote for the right person to bring change in the system.\" In Unnao, voting increased from 47.23% in 2007 to 57.13% this time. Ramkali (50) of Shiv Singh Khera village, Unnao, who came to vote despite her physical disability, said, \"Election is the only time when people become masters.\"Fear of a stray tiger prowling in Rahmankhera locality in Malihabad prevented people to come out and vote but other places saw a good turnout, both from the rural and urban areas. Rampati in Mohanlalganj had also brought her newly wed daughter-in-law for voting.In Bhojpur, Farrukhabad, Muslim women clad in burqa lined up before the booths since morning. Banda and Chitrakoot in Bundelkhand also saw a high turnout. People said that they have voted for change.As many as 967 candidates were in the fray in this round and the number of electors was 1.72 crore. All parties claimed that the high number of voters would go in their favour. While Congress said Rahul Gandhi has motivated people to come out, BJP saw a strong undercurrent in its favour in the increased turnout and SP described it as a vote for change. However, one could sense a deep anger among people against state and centre governments as well as local MLAs and MPs.Barring a couple of minor incidents, polling was peaceful. In Rae Bareli police resorted to a baton charge to disperse an angry mob protesting outside a polling centre against alleged anomalies in the voter list. In Farrukhabad sadar, stones were reportedly pelted on Congress candidate Louise Khurshid and her supporters. She later claimed that BJP workers were behind the act. Boycott of polls by a village each in Pratpgarh and Banda to protest lack of development was also reported.Though no untoward incident was reported from Kunda in Pratapgarh and Rae Bareli Sadar in Rae Bareli, constituencies of musclemen Raghraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya and Akhilesh Singh respectively, tension was palpable in the air. In both the constituencies, people avoided talking about prospects of other candidates. High polling was reported from Unchahaar, Rae Bareli, from where BSP state president Swami Prasad Maurya's son Utkarsh is contesting the elections.This phase had 103 candidates with criminal cases pending against them. About 139 crorepatis were also in the fray. The fate of several heavyweights, including four ministers, 32 sitting MLAs and 12 former ministers was also locked in the electronic voting machines.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11956930", "title": "Residents set for fasting, feasting", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents are all geared up to celebrate Mahashivaratri with fervour on Monday. For some their faith in Lord Shiva is such that they have been visiting the temple every Shivaratri for more than 10 years without a break.Usha Bansal, 48, a resident of Sector 8, said, \"I keep a fast every year and go to the temple on the auspicious occasion of Shivaratri. There is no point in keeping a fast and not going to the temple. I have already bought all the ingredients that are offered to Lord Shiva for the puja.\"Sarika Mahajan, 50, who lives in Sector 40 said, \"It has been more than 20 years since we have shifted to this sector and since then we visit Saketri temple or our own sector's temple every year.\"Umesh Kapoor, 30-year-old resident of Sector 15 said, \"This is the only fast I keep in the entire year since I am a devotee of Lord Shiva. On Shivaratri I visit the temple in the morning with fruits, flowers and milk and in the evening I again visit the temple for aarti.\"There are also those whose entire family fasts on Mahashivaratri. Gunjan Sharma, 47, a resident of Sector 8 said, \"I come to the temple daily but this occasion is special because today Lord Shiva got married to Goddess Parvati. So celebrating it, while following all the rituals is very important. Also, my entire family keeps a fast on Shivaratri.\"Menka Shah, a resident of Sector 38 said, \"The festival is celebrated with great enthusiasm in our family and everyone keeps a fast. Even my 12-year-old daughter follows all the rituals. We all go to the temple and attend the \"satsang\" and then make special \"phalahar\" at home.\"And special attention is also being given to the menu for the occasion. Gitika Kumar, a resident of Sector 18 said, \"A dish that is made of potatoes and sweet pumpkin, besides \"rotis\" made of \"kuttu\" flour or \"singhada\" (water chestnut) flour are our staple.\"Talking about the festival, Pandit Ayodha Shastri of the Sector 8 temple said, \"It is believed that the one who keeps a fast on Maha Shivaratri gets whatever he or she desires. In the morning one can offer milk, fruits and \"bel patter\" to the Lord and in the evening they should bring \"phalahar\" for \"bhog.\" On returning home they should distribute the \"phalahar\" amongst the family members.Puja timings are from 4am to 4pm on Monday.Food during Mahashivaratri fastKadhi made with singhada flourPotato curry, sweet potato chaat, paneer and aloo-chaat, potato and kuttu atta pakodi, raw banana vadasAlmond halwaPorridge made out of saamak with vegetables like lauki and paneerRoti made of kuttu flour or singhada (water chestnut) flour", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11960689", "title": "Vitamin C 'boosts tumour death in cancer patients'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Researchers claim to have found evidence that vitamin C can boost tumour death in brain cancer patients, a finding which could pave the way for an effective treatment for the disease.An international team, led by University of Otago, says its research has revealed that high doses of vitamin C makes it easier for radiation therapy to kill brain tumour cells in cancer patients.In their study, the researchers actually analysed how combining high dose vitamin C with radiation affected survival of cancer cells isolated from glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) brain tumours and compared this with survival of normal cells.The findings revealed that high dose vitamin C by itself caused DNA damage and cell death which was more pronounced when high dose vitamin C was given just prior to radiation, the 'Free Radical Biology and Medicine' journal reported.Lead author Dr Patries Herst said that GBM patients have a poor prognosis because the aggressive GBM tumours are very resistant to radiation therapy. \"We found that high dose vitamin C makes it easier to kill these GBM cells by radiation therapy,\" she said in a university release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961354", "title": "Rishi Kapoor to address London School Of Economics", "text": "So far it was only Karan Johar who got invited to prestigious international forums to speak on Bollywood. Now Indian cinema has a new voice.Quite suddenly Agneepath has opened up new doors for Rishi Kapoor . The latest is that he has been invited by the prestigious London School Of Economics on Feb 20th to address the students on the Indian entertainment industry.Rishi's lecture at the London School Of Economics is part the institution's India week which kickstarts on Feb 20.Said Rishi proudly, \"There are other names to talk about other aspects of Indian culture . But yeah, I will be the sole representative for our Indian entertainment industry.And you know what? I'm proud to be going to such a prestigious institution on behalf of an industry where my grandfather, father, uncles, wife and now son are working.So far I feel I've been known as Raj Kapoor's son and lately Ranbir Kapoor's father. Not that I minded. But it's good to be known for myself finally.\"Rishi flies to London on the 19th.He says excitedly, \"They have a whole packed time-table planned for me. But I am really looking forward to addressing those bright kids. The best brains from the worldover are at the London School Of Economics.\"Rishi isn't preparing any speech. \"Paagal hai kya? When have I ever prepared anything? All my performances have been unrehearsed. Why should this be any different? For someone who didn't make it to college, not bad at all, eh?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11957592", "title": "FNR asks Nagas to attend reconciliation meet", "text": "DIMAPUR: The Forum for Naga Reconciliation (FNR) has called upon all Naga people to step forward and participate in the Naga reconciliation meeting scheduled to be held on February 29 at 10am at Agri Expo Centre, 4th Mile, Dimapur.It is essential that all the Naga groups - including Naga Hoho, tribe hohos, ENPO, UNC, NBCC, FNBC, CAN, NCF, NSF, ENSF, ANSAM, NMA, NWUM, ENWO, churches, Naga Women Hoho Dimapur, women's organizations, NPMHR, eastern Naga organizations, village council leaders, village representatives, senior citizens, GBs and DBs, Naga Council Dimapur, Peace Channel, all NGOs - and the Naga public rally together at this Naga reconciliation meeting, the FNR said.It said on February 29 the Naga people must clearly implore the Naga groups and their leaders to demonstrate to the world that they have embraced forgiveness and reconciliation. The FNR reiterated that the Naga people's mandate for reconciliation and unity among the Naga political groups is absolute.Stating that despite many setbacks and challenges, the 'Naga Reconciliation: A Journey of Common Hope' over four years has clearly shown the many things the Naga people can achieve if only their political groups come together. It demonstrated not just the de-escalation of internal violence, but also the opportunity to a better way of life through mutual respect and trust.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960674", "title": "Suresh Gopi call film buffa a hypocrite", "text": "Suresh Gopi has decided to cut down on the number of films he signs on. His decision does not stem from a possible fact that the industry has opened its doors to a whole lot of youngsters. Apparently, the actor is \"sceptical about the viewer .\"\"My decision is based on the problems associated with the new generation of pretentious cinema enthusiasts who have a hypocritical view. When I dance around a tree with a girl, they say I should stop it and act my age. And when I take up roles with substance, like the ones I did in Janakan and Melvilasam, people label them as art house films and don't turn up to watch it,\" states Suresh.Well, that's quite a strong statement from the man who was responsible for creating a market for Malayalam films beyond Kerala during the 90s. However, Suresh dismisses the achievement. \"Action films require a lot of investment. Then Mollywood had producers who were passionate about the business. Today, producers stand by the film only until they rake in the money they get after selling the rights of the film.\"The actor will be seen in The King and the Commissioner, Raksha and Raajavinte Makan this year. Whether he will manage to meet the audience at middle ground or not... only the box office results will tell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962514", "title": "Online learning has its ills", "text": "Yes, the influx of information and the volume of educational content that gets digitally archived daily are indeed overwhelming. But the sluggish pace of internet penetration and IT deployment means that the access to the same is disproportionately limited to urban centres of learning and the rest of India has miles to go before it can fully enjoy the benefits of a virtual classroom.The advanced world is moving toward a free and secure online social learning network and virtual classrooms provide an easy way to connect and collaborate, offering a real-time platform to exchange ideas, share content, play and learn. Education system in India is largely supported by government machinery, and like most public sector endeavours it is powered by the individuals involved in it. If there is a willing soul around, it is effective but mostly that is not the case. The fact is that our education system has not been able to cope up with the changes.The best examples of online enabled learning have come from private players, community initiatives and entrepreneurial ventures in dotcom. The CBSE has advised heads of all its affiliated institutions to set up at least one classroom for each class in their schools equipped with technology to enable usage of digital instruction materials. It's a good beginning as online literacy is the first step toward digital information.The biggest threat in an online learning system is to ensure the veracity of content. It is an open and free for all culture and everybody is an expert here! It is important to search and identify what is authentic and what is garbage. And for any discerning student, this is a process they go through even in offline modes of learning where the local market is loaded with spurious guides promising instant success!The absence of Indian Universities in the social media space is a telling comment on our apathy, ignorance and failure to move on from a hard-nosed utilitarian curriculum centric learning to a more flexible, interactive and technologically advanced modes of information exchange. It is the mindset that is a stumbling block, not our adoption or ability to use technology.(The writer is chief, Buzz Tribe, working in the digital media space)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "11957301", "title": "Autism signs found in 6-month-old babies", "text": "WASHINGTON: The early signs of autism can be detected in babies as young as six months, a new study has found, suggesting future treatments could be given at this time to lessen the impact of the disorder on children.Researchers at University of North Carolina who looked at how the brain develops in early life found that tracts of white matter that connect different regions of the brain did not form as quickly in children who later developed autism, compared with kids who didn't develop the disorder.\"The way the wiring was changing was dampened\" in the children with autism, said study researcher Jason Wolff. \"It was a more blunted change over time, in how the brain was being wired,\" Wolff said.In contrast, in the brains of infants who did not later develop autism, white matter tracts were swiftly forming , he said. \"Their brains were organizing themselves in a pretty rapid fashion.\"The findings, published in the American Journal of Psychiatry, suggest that during a child's first year, \"there is a potential to intervene, to disrupt autism before it becomes entrenched,\" Wolff said. \"There are a lot of possibilities to improve outcomes for these children.\" PTI", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955913", "title": "Two teenagers end life", "text": "NAGPUR: Two teenagers committed suicide under different circumstances in the city within 24 hours. While a first year engineering student ended life after she failed to clear the examination at her Gandhibagh residence on Saturday, a 17-year-old student of standard XII hanged herself at a rented apartment at Mahajanwadi on Hingna Road on Sunday morning.Gunjan Bothra, elder of the two siblings, was found hanging from the hook of the ceiling fan in her bedroom where she had retired in the afternoon to take rest. Police could not find any suicide note in the room where the 18-year-old girl ended life.It has come to fore that Gunjan was upset after she could not clear in one of the subjects of the first year of her engineering course. Father Girish, an architect by profession, had expressed discontent with her for not focusing on studies and diverting attention on mobile phones and such trivialities. Family sources said that more than a week had passed when father reportedly pulled her up. Kotwali police have registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, Priyanka Khairkar hanged herself from the ceiling fan as she was disappointed with her life. Priyanka was staying with her so-called beau at a rented apartment.Earlier, Priyanka had eloped with her boyfriend to Surat but was brought back by Rana Pratap Nagar police following a complaint by her family residing at Subhash Nagar. Priyanka left home immediately after being brought back by the cops. It has come to fore that her boyfriend was in Wardha when the incident took place. She had mentioned her friend's mobile phone numbers on the suicide note.Police said that Priyanka had also sought forgiveness from her father and also said she was not able to cope with the vagaries of life. MIDC police have registered a case of accidental death. A police team has also left for Wardha to bring her boyfriend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955135", "title": "Woman killed, dumped in Madhavaram Milk Colony", "text": "CHENNAI: The body of an unidentified woman was found with injuries to the head in Madhavaram Milk Colony early Sunday morning. Police officers suspect that she was strangled to death elsewhere and the body dumped in the locality.A lorry driver spotted the body at 1.30 am on Sunday and informed the police. The woman appeared to be around 45, the police said. She was wearing a red sari and blouse and a bead necklace. The police registered a complaint and opened an investigation. The police questioned residents of Madhavaram Milk Colony, but could not identify the body. \"The woman must be from somewhere else.There were bloodstains from awound on her left ear and also signs of strangulation on her neck. \"Someone may have tried to snatch her earrings,\" said a police officer. \"The ornament is missing from the right ear.\"Investigating officers said the woman seemed to be emaciated and may not have eaten for days before her death. The body has been sent to Government Stanley Hospital for postmortem. \"She could also have been abducted and murdered. But we only have theories for now. Things will be clearer after we get the autopsy report,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961987", "title": "A soulful, Carnatic evening!", "text": "Recently, the Carnatic music students and musicians of the city came together for the Tyagaraja aradhana festivities in honour of the great composer Tyagaraja on his death anniversary.2012 marks the 165 th year since Sri Tyagaraja attained samadhi , leaving behind an unparalleled and timeless legacy of Carnaticmusic. The Tyagaraja aradhana is celebrated worldwide in the months of January and February. The basement of the city-based Iskcon temple reverberated to melodious Tyagaraja kritis . As a part of this festival, the \"Pancharatna kritis\" and other monumental compositions of Tyagaraja were sung and it was a refreshing experience to listen to the soulful rendering of Tyagaraja's compositions.Lakshmi Nair, Aparna Vijayan, Moksha Pillai, Subha Ravi and Pooja Pillai added symphony to the musical evening under the tutelage of Mahalakshmi Ramachandran, one of the celebrated Carnatic music teachers of Vadodara. It hardly comes as a surprise that many people attended the event, as Vadodara always has been a melting pot of various regional cultures of India and is rich in classical music. Since time immemorial, even the royal family of erstwhile Baroda state has had a connection with carnatic music. All in all, it was a thrilling and refreshing experience to listen to the soulful rendering of Tyagaraja's compositions by students and musicians from the age group of 8 to 60 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11958052", "title": "Dentists dish up Priyanka's smile", "text": "BANGALORE: Madhuri Dixit's smile, which stole millions of hearts in the 1990s, may no longer be a hit. Priyanka Chopra pearlies are in - her smile, that shows only teeth and not the gums, is all the rage. And orthodontists in the city are regularly doing a Priyanka on young and to-be married girls.Women, mostly in the marriageable age bracket, are visiting clinics to design their smiles before they start meeting prospective grooms, and sometimes, before attending important social functions. Dentists in the city get 200-300 cases every year, where people - mostly women - prefer to undergo one or the other kind of cosmetic dental surgery.Says Dr Shraddha Bahirwani , consultant, dental medicine and aesthetic dentist, Manipal Hospital: \"Young girls, especially those of marriageable age, aspiring models and air-hostesses are very conscious about their smile. They want it to be perfect, and aesthetic dentistry provides them an option to 'design' their smile according to their face.\"What's hot?Bleaching, lamination, veneer are preferred Treatment costs between Rs 5,000 and Rs 3 lakh Doctors say side effects are rare", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956315", "title": "Digvijay says he stands by his Batla House comment", "text": "BHOPAL: Congress general secretary Digvijay Singh on Sunday said here that he never looked to stir up controversies and the allegation that he spoke out only against Hindu terrorism was wrong.He also asserted that he was still sticking to his view that Batla House encounter in Delhi was fake.Saying that he did not \"seek controversies\", Singh also said that he was not someone who retracted his statements, and he maintained his stand on Batla House encounter. \"I have already said that Batla House encounter was fake,\" he said.Singh said that on one hand, his charge that sections of Sangh Parivar were involved in terror activities had been borne out in many cases; on the other hand, he was the one who had sought ban on Students Islamic Movement of India (SIMI).\"Those who make such statements (that he targeted only RSS) conveniently forget that when I was Madhya Pradesh chief minister, I had recommended to the Centre to impose a ban on both SIMI and Bajrang Dal,\" he said. However, the NDA government only banned SIMI, he added.Union law minister Salman Khurshid recently landed in a controversy after stating at a campaign rally in Uttar Pradesh that pictures of Batla House encounter \"brought tears\" to the eyes of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi.Two Indian Mujahideen terrorists and a Delhi police inspector were killed in the encounter on September 19, 2008 at Batla House in New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957641", "title": "Kidnappers arrested", "text": "GUWAHATI: City police on Sunday arrested Ranjit Boro and Maniram Das from Chaygaon area in the abduction case of Biren Hazarika, who is missing since Wednesday.Hazarika was kidnapped on his way home from his office in Six Mile area.The duo was arrested after the police nabbed the main accused in the case, Sohail alias Sahijuddin, in Morigaon on Saturday.The kidnappers asked for a big ransom. Another two involved in the case are still on the run and the police have started a search for Hazarika.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957148", "title": "Acid attack victim out of hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Aarti Thakur (22), victim of a recent acid attack, was discharged from hospital on Saturday. Her family plans to seek police protection. \"We will move out from our Nalasopara house as soon as Aarti's health improves,\" Aarti's mother Seema said. \"We need protection till we find a new place to stay. Pintoo Shaikh and his mother Manju (the accused) planned the attack could try to avenge their arrest,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "11956491", "title": "Bhatkal will host international convention", "text": "KARWAR: The Jamia Islamia Institute of Bhatkal will conduct an international educational convention to mark its golden jubilee celebrations on March 18.M R Manvi, spokesperson of the institution, told the reporters in Karwar on Friday that the convention, aimed at spreading the message of brotherhood, will be inaugurated by Moulana Syed Mohammed Rabey Husaini Saheb Nadvi, president of All India Muslim Personal law Board.Noted scholars and educational experts from various countries will take part in the convention which will conclude on March 21. Ramanand Teertha seer of Udupi, Vishweshwar Teertha seer of Pejawar mutt and Veerendra Heggade are expected to participate in the programme.An exhibition on Nawayat Muslim community, whose mother tongue is similar to Konkani, will be held. Nawayats have the history of more than 1400 years. More than 10 books on different subjects will also be released on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "electoral officers who admitted to a faux pas in the initial winners' tally are yet to clear the air on another crucial electoral detail", "code": "11955035", "title": "Question mark over number of voters in city", "text": "Electoral officers who admitted to a faux pas in the initial winners' tally are yet to clear the air on another crucial electoral detail: how many voters were actually enrolled for the BMC election?The State Election Commission (SEC) maintains that there were 1.03 crore registered voters on its electoral rolls for the 2012 BMC elections, which would mean that there are as many citizens in Mumbai over the age of 18. But Census 2011 pegs the city's total population at 1.24 crore. So, if the SEC is to be believed, there are merely 22 lakh children here-a bleak demographic prospect in a country that boasts of a young population. Demographers and poll experts reckon the SEC's estimate of voters is grossly overestimated.According to the current electoral rolls, 82% of Mumbai is eligible to vote. This appears improbable when compared with national figures. The country's Election Commission says that 61% of the country's population is eligible to vote. Electorate size is important in determining voter turnout trends and patterns. So, what exactly is the city's electorate size? The answer depends on whom you ask. BMC chief Subodh Kumar, on Election Day, admitted that it wasn't possible for the city to have 1.03 crore registered voters, which is a 22% increase from the 84 lakh voters registered in 2007.The SEC said they had no control over the electoral rolls, which were prepared by the collectors. City collector Chandrashekhar Oke said some names might not have been deleted from the rolls, but that, on the whole, he does not believe there were any errors. Suburban collector Nirmalkumar Deshmukh, meanwhile, was confident about the accuracy of the voter population. Other officials, however, admitted that the rolls were not proofread due to paucity of time.Chand Goel of the SEC said it was possible that citizens had not got their names deleted, that those who moved houses featured in more than one constituency, and that deaths were not taken into account. All officials argued that rolls were publicized before the poll and those who had objections or wanted deletions or transfers could have contacted them.Demographers were sceptical of inferring population shifts based on electoral rolls. \"Voter lists are always inflated. About 25% of Mumbai's population is estimated to be under 14; the number of under-18s would obviously be higher,\" said P Arokiasamy of the International Institute for Population Sciences who has been trying to get his name added to the list for 22 years.Political analyst Ajit Ranade said voter lists present a big challenge because of the constantly-shifting population. Estimating Mumbai's voter strength to be about 80 lakh, he asked for the registration process be made citizen-friendly. \"Voter registration should be allowed not just in electoral offices, but post offices too; it should be conducted throughout the year, not for a month,\" he said. He added the possible errors in the electoral list warranted a comprehensive review.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956109", "title": "Youth stabbed over petty issue in Govindpura area", "text": "BHOPAL: A 20-year-old youth was stabbed after he allegedly refused a cigarette to a person in Govindpura locality in the wee hours on Sunday. The victim, Pradeep, is employed in a tea stall in the Gautam Nagar. Pradeep and another worker, Mool Chand sleeps in the same tea stop after work. The incident occurred in wee hours when accused, Sandeep came to the shop and started banging on the shutter. When they opened the shutter, the accused asked for a cigarette from the two.The victim, Pradeep told the accused that he does not have any. Infuriated over this, the accused took out a knife and stabbed on his chest and fled. Moolchand rushed his severely injured friend to the district hospital from where was referred to the Hamidia hospital. The condition of the victim remained critical and he is yet to regain consciousness, the police said.On Mool Chand's complaint, the Govindpura police registered a case against Sandeep on the charges of attempt to murder. Police said the accused was at large. Even in the past, the accused had come to the shop at odd hours asking for cigarette from them, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956414", "title": "Shut resorts in tusker corridor: Experts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The battle over removing hotels and resorts from the only corridor linking elephants in the Eastern and Western Ghats has got shriller. Experts on board the prime minister-led National Board of Wildlife (NBW) have written a joint letter to senior forest officials warning that they could be in contempt of court if they overrode the unanimous expert advice and set up yet another committee to review the Madras High Court decision that demanded removal of the resorts.The Madras HC had ordered that the land falling in the Sigur corridor be taken over by the forest department and the resorts be demolished. The HC had ordered shutting down all the resorts in the belt and said the guest house owners had indulged in eco-destruction in the name of eco-tourism.A bulk of resort owners took the case to the Supreme Court which asked the standing committee of the NBW to give its comments on the expert committee's report on which the Madras HC had based its orders on. It noted, \"It is open to the National Board for Wildlife to offer their comments on the report submitted by the committee constituted by the high court.\"The standing committee is chaired by the Union environment and forests minister and is stacked with senior forest officials and non-government wildlife experts. In a meeting, the experts agreed with the report and recommended that the land should be cleared of the resorts. But the forest officials suggested that yet another committee be set up on the issue. The issue was deferred with the minister, Jayanthi Natarajan , asking for more time to study the matter and come back to the group with the issue. It was decided that the ministry would seek some more time from the apex court to come back with its comments.Now, in a joint letter, the experts have warned that the NBW could fall foul of court orders if it sought to review the results of a court-appointed committee without any mandate.The experts shot off the letter, sources said, apprehending that the forest officials would use the delay in comments from the standing committee to set up yet another committee or site visit. Their letter reads, \"We, therefore, humbly request that in the affidavit to the Hon'ble Supreme Court for seeking more time, the justification should not be the need to constitute another committee or site visit etc. We place on record that the undersigned members did not agree and in fact opposed the idea of forming another committee.\"The experts have also noted that the records of the meeting, when the Sigur corridor was discussed, did not reflect that all the experts were against setting up another committee. They wrote, \"We wish to reiterate that all the undersigned members and not only Dr Divyabhanusinh Chavda, concur with the findings and recommendations given in the detailed report of the expert committee... including all the areas identified.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957394", "title": "Bapu scion makes netas squirm", "text": "PATNA: The discomfiture of politicians and bureaucrats of Bihar was to be seen to be believed when Mahatma Gandhi's grandson and former West Bengal governor Gopal Krishna Gandhi addressed them at the valedictory session of the three-day 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar' on Sunday.He did not directly assail anyone, yet, in an imaginary letter written to the architect of Total Revolution, Jaya Prakash Narayan, which he read out as part of his valedictory address, he lashed out at the gross degeneration of political system, saying the \"soul and spirit of politics is writhing in pain and anguish, wishing to be freed from the vicious stranglehold of power and pelf of politicians.\" His visible anguish left the audience in stunned silence.Addressing JP, he said, \"Today, in politics power leads politicians to settle scores, and personal ambitions and vendetta have eroded the values of parliamentary democracy that our freedom fighters fought for.\"Drawing a parallel between emperor Shah Jehan's eldest son Dara Shikoh and JP, he said, \"If Dara Shikoh's coronation had taken place, India's history would have been different today. Similarly, if you (JP) had not turned down the offer to become the first prime minister, the history of Independent India would have been completely different.\"Gandhi said politicians today have become a butt of joke and hatred and the term 'netagiri' is used to malign and condemn. \"Politics is suffering from delusionary gross and the old political culture has vanished. A leader is defined by the size of his flock, not by his stature.\"\"We live in an era of give and take where everybody wants returns in kilos for an ounce of work. Candidates with criminal background and even convicted people contest and win election. Everything is fair in love and war and in election,\" said Gandhi.However, he praised the work of JP's disciple and CM Nitish Kumar and said he has brought some change in the situation.The Bapu scion said political discourse has degenerated and there is dialogue deficit between leaders and people. On certain issues like terrorism, he said, there is dialogue deficit among leaders. \"It is not necessary to be a Marxist, a Socialist, a Communist or a Gandhian for the leaders. They should lead by the example of their own life. A real leader is one who speaks harsh truth,\" he said. Turning towards CM Nitish Kumar, he said, \"Nitishji, you are an example of good leadership.\"Gandhi ended his imaginary letter by quoting a message from a child from Begusarai who wanted to know what corruption is and how it could be eliminated. \"I am yet to find a reply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957084", "title": "ReWind adds social concern to Vyom 2012", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There is an interesting competition among the hostel youths at Punjab Engineering College this extended weekend as they are busy collecting waste paper. All for the sake of winning 'ReWind', a contest among all PEC hostels to collect maximum paper for recycling.'ReWind' is a new social dimension to PEC's annual technical fest 'Vyom 2012' and students are excited about it.With its theme as \"evolution of technology\", Vyom kicks off this week at PEC on February 23 with innovative events such as aero show, robo wars and a cyber security competition, for which the winner would be awarded a fortune by PEC old students' association.PEC students have invited participation from over 200 colleges in the region and taken support from popular fest promotion websites this year.\"We have collaborated with Goonj, an active social group, who would help us donate the waste paper to a recycling plant. We inculcated 'ReWind' to send out a message to preserve environment,\" said Nitesh Singh, vice-president of Vyom-'12. The students have also planned a tree plantation drive to mark the Forestry Day.\"On the technical front, we have introduced interesting events like boat racing and aero show,\" said Niti Sachdeva, another vice-president of the fest.The fest page on a leading social networking website has already received 1,600 clicks. \"Besides the technical fests organized by the Indian Institutes of Technology, PEC's Vyom is among the most popular fests in the region,\" said Nishant Madan, a member of core organizing team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "11963149", "title": "Seminar on futuristic trends in physical education and sports", "text": "AMRITSAR: Aiming to bring together leading sports scientists, researchers and academicians and to understand and discuss recent developments in the field of physical education and sports, The Khalsa College for Women (KCW) will host a two-day seminar on \"Futuristic Trends in Physical Education and Sports\" on February 21-22, informed Principal of College Dr. Sukhbir Kaur Mahal while talking to TOI on Monday.She said the experts from all over India would attend the Seminar to read their papers in their specialized fields including sports psychology, training, management, role of media in sports, female and sports, doping, health and fitness. She informed that the seminar would be of great help to explain modern trends in these fields.Discussion on variety of training methods, psychological preparation techniques, diet plan, modern gadgets, health and fitness awareness and social factors influencing sports performance will lead to better understanding towards sports', she said.She said that KCW student Khushbir Kaur had recently qualified for the Pre-Olympic camp to be held in Japan, winning all the major sports events recently. Dr. Mahal said the seminar would be a yet another attempt by the college to provide a platform to the youngsters to learn more about physical education and sports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956664", "title": "Medico arrested for beating up pharmacist", "text": "JAIPUR: A VIth year MBBS student of Sawai Man Singh Medical College was arrested on charges of beating a pharmacist in Charak Bhawan on Sunday.An FIR has also been lodged with Moti Doongri police station against the student, Ajit Meena, who allegedly barged into the drug distribution counter at Charak Bhawan and allegedly hit near the eye of the pharmacist, Rohit Ajmera.Ajmera is a pharmacist, who is employed on contract basis to distribute free medicines to the patients at Charak Bhawan under the recently launched chief minister's free medicine scheme.The incident took place at around 10 am. Investigating officer Bharat Singh said in the FIR, Ajmera said that Meena came to his counter to take some medicines. Ajmera asked him to move out of the counter. After moving out of the counter, Meena asked for medicines but Ajmera asked him to wait as there were other patients in queue. Meena demanded medicines before other patients claiming that he is staffer of the hospital. On this Ajmera demanded him to show the identity card. On this, Meena got infuriated and took two others and barged into the drug distribution centre.Singh said Ajmera suffered serious injuries near his eye. He was rushed to a private hospital on New Sanganer Road. The drug distribution counter was completely vandalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11956833", "title": "Baroda Museum to undergo restoration", "text": "VADODARA: As the city is preparing to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Sayajirao Gaekwad III, one of the oldest and most beautiful buildings constructed by the king is all set to be refurbished. The Baroda Museum and Picture Gallery that was founded by Sayajirao will undergo major restoration work this year.The foundation for the museum building was founded in 1887 and it was inaugurated in 1894. This 118-year-old building has been constructed in Indo-Saracenic style. It was designed by architects Major Charles Mant and Robert Chisolm.The Gujarat government had signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Mumbai-based firm Structwel Designers for restoring the historic building located in Sayajibaug. \"The firm has already prepared estimate for restoring the building that needs repairing in several parts. The roads and buildings (R&B;) department will now scrutinize the expenditure estimate for final approval. The restoration work will begin in this year,\" said M M Pathan, director, museums, Gujarat.The firm has given a first phase estimate of Rs one crore. Pathan told TOI that both interiors and exteriors of the building will be restored. Once the R&B; department gives the go ahead, the museum authorities will float tenders to invite contractors. \"This kind of job requires experts in restoring heritage structures. We have to repair the exteriors to ensure that the structure doesn't suffer permanent damages and also to keep the artefacts and paintings safe,\" he added.The museum has over 60,000 artefacts and a large set European of paintings that Sayajirao brought in during his rule. It preserves a rich collection of art, sculpture, ethnography and ethnology. Several paintings are not only original but masterpieces prepared by famous British painters Turner and Constable. A mega size skeleton of whale and an Egyptian mummy are some of the major attractions in the museum.Other treasure includes the famous Akota bronzes dating back to the 5th Century AD, a collection of Mughal miniatures, a full fledged gallery of Tibetan art and oils by several European masters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956335", "title": "Italians arrested, charged with murder for killing fishermen", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Italian naval personnel have been arrested and charged with murder four days after two Indian fishermen were shot dead by the crew of an Italian ship. The arrest comes after the Indian government told Italy that the law would take its course against the Italian crew, because the fishermen were unarmed.An official and legal delegation from Italy arrived on Sunday for talks with Indian officials to try to delay the arrest of their naval personnel, but Indian officials insisted that the crime had occurred on an Indian vessel which means India had jurisdiction over prosecution and investigation of the crime.The accused were brought to Kochi by the police on Sunday. Earlier, the crew members of Enrica Lexie were interrogated by the police and were asked to surrender by 8 am on Sunday. They will be produced before the magistrate in Kochi in 24 hours.Following meetings with the Italian delegation, MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, \"We had a fairly comprehensive discussion whereby we have explained to them the rationale of our position and the situation as it exists today. We have also explained to them that as good partners and as external affairs minister S M Krishna had requested yesterday, we hope Italy will cooperate with us in ensuring law of the land takes its course. We also requested them to fully cooperate with Kerala Police.\"Ajesh Binki, 25, from Tamil Nadu and Gelastine, 45, from Kerala, were mistaken for pirates and shot dead by the crew of an Italian ship on Wednesday evening about 14 nautical miles off Alappuzha.The meeting between the two sides happened hours after Krishna publicly urged the Italians to cooperate in the ongoing investigations. \"I have been in talks with the Italian foreign minister and the Kerala chief minister... the law of the land will have to take its own course, we have advised the Italians to cooperate with the Kerala law agencies to achieve an amicable solution. I am expecting the Italian foreign minister to come on the 28th,\" Krishna said.On Saturday, the minister said the loss of \"innocent lives\" could have been avoided had the naval personnel onboard Enrica Lexie been careful and exercised restraint.The death of the fishermen is now a major diplomatic incident between India and Italy, and comes hot on the heels of yet another ship incident by Italian luxury liner, Costa Concordia , which was embarrassing to the Italian authorities.Italian officials took the view that the incident had happened in international waters and took recourse to the UN law of the seas to make the case that Italy should do the prosecution. The Indians contended that since the crime had happened on an Indian vessel, India retained jurisdiction and had the responsibility to prosecute.When the Italian officials contended that they had out-of-area jurisdiction of their vessel, the Indians countered with the same argument. As a last resort, the Italians pleaded diplomatic immunity for the naval personnel, which the Indians argued did not apply in a third country. The Italian delegation will now head to Kochi.The Italians were asked to submit to the legal process and make the case to the magistrate, who would rule on the matter.In Bangalore, Krishna said the law of the land would take its own course. \"We have advised the Italians to cooperate with the Kerala law agencies to find an amicable solution,\" he said. Krishna said he has been in talks with Italian foreign affairs minister Giulio Maria Terzi and Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy on the issue. The minister said he was looking forward to Terzi's visit to India on February 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11956358", "title": "Girls show their skills", "text": "Girls proved their technical skills in ample measure. The 24-member team 'Igit Yantriki' of Indira Gandhi Institute of Technology ( IGIT), New Delhi was one such team of the girls that stormed the male bastion to make their presence felt during the BAJA SAE India...The girls were the attraction of the show. \"Gender does not make difference when it comes to technology and innovation,\" feel young technocrats.--Young technocrats-boys and girls--- dressed in attractive attire, scurried the muddy ground even as they ensured that their vehicle did not conk out. The young engineers were seen chasing their drivers while they struggled to balance themselves on torturous tracks for four long hours.---A large number of parents had turned up to see budding engineers. Their joy was evident. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957182", "title": "Mehrauli &amp; environs to have better water supply", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mehrauli and its surrounding areas can expect to have a better water supply system by the end of next year with Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit launching a project to augment the entire distribution and storage network which will cost around Rs 150 crore.Under the project, being implemented under PPP mode, 33,000 metres of old pipeline will be replaced and five underground reservoirs with a total storage capacity of 19 million litres of water will be constructed. The project will be completed within 21 months and the private entity that won the contract will maintain the infrastructure for a period of 10 years, senior DJB officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956360", "title": "Taiwanese learn art of yoga in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A diverse group of 28 yoga enthusiasts from Taiwan consisting of designers, nurses , employees of corporate companies and professional yoga teachers, visited the city to learn yoga.The group, which was learning yoga at Sivananda Ashram through a course 'Yoga Teachers' Training Course,' received their certificates on Sunday after completion of the course.Ahmedabad Management Association former president Mukesh Patel handed out the certificates to the participants. He expressed his appreciation of their enthusiasm to learn yoga despite the language barrier.Yogi James Lo, a professional yoga teacher at Taipei, said yoga is witnessing a huge demand in his country.\"At the moment I am training more than 800 students. There are several other yoga training institutes in Taipei and other parts of Taiwan which are receiving a good response as well. People there are increasingly realizing the benefits of yoga. Most of the students are people between 20 years to 60 years of age,\" said Lo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "11955760", "title": "25 lakh damage caused in Mulgao garage fire", "text": "BICHOLIM: A fire at Mahesh auto garage on Tambda Rasta in Mulgao, Bicholim, caused damage worth 25 lakh on Sunday.Fire personnel rushed to the site and extinguished the fire. However, the owners of the two-wheeler garage, Mahesh Dhamone and his brother Sanjay, say the damage was already done. The Bicholim police conducted the panchanama.The fire is suspected to have been started by a short circuit when Mahesh was working outside the garage. Around 35-40 two-wheelers including four new vehicles and nearly 1,000 tyres were inside the garage when the fire broke out. All of it was destroyed as the petrol tanks of the motorcyles exploded one after other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956795", "title": "Mobile enthusiasts come together for MoMo", "text": "LUDHIANA: The first edition of Mobile Monday (MoMo) Ludhiana will be organized on Monday at a banquet hall in Sarabha Nagar Market, Ludhiana.Mobile Monday (MoMo) is a global community of mobile industry visionaries and developers. At present, the MoMo community has more than 140 chapters worldwide. Since 2000, Mobile Monday chapters have been meeting at monthly events, around the world, to explore many new and exciting opportunities of the mobile industry, but this time it is being organized in Ludhiana for the first time ever.The attendees will include mobile application developers, entrepreneurs and students.\"The idea is to bring everyone from the mobile industry together in a way that it benefits all mutually through this unique way of networking,'' says Preet Chandhoke, a resident of Gurdev Nagar and organiser of MoMo Ludhiana.Mobile Monday Ludhiana will be a gathering and networking event for Ludhiana mobile community. A strong mix of panels, speakers, product demos networking will be the prime focus of all the MoMo Ludhiana events.The inaugural event will also have local mobile applications development community showcase the apps they have made for Windows, iPhone , Android and Blackberry smart phones.In upcoming events, MoMo plans to cover wide range of topics will be covered from speakers including mobile applications, games, location and navigation services, augmented reality , mobile payments, mobile advertising, smart phone security.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957556", "title": "Human rights body to take up 'D' voters' cause", "text": "GUWAHATI: The National Confederation of Human Rights Organizations (NCHRO), an umbrella body of dalit, tribal and minority groups, will raise the plight of Assam's doubtful voters at the national level and work towards safeguarding the rights of these people.NCHRO national coordinator Reny Ayline said here on Sunday that Assam is the only state in the country where certain people are branded as doubtful voters. She added the practice constitutes violation of human rights and should be stopped immediately.\"Branding people as doubtful voters is great injustice on them and a clear violation of their fundamental. This practice is found only in Assam. It is a great shame as our Constitution has no such category as doubtful voters. So, we are going to raise this issue on a wider platform at the national level. The people who are branded as doubtful voters need justice,\" Ayline said.NCHRO, which has been fighting against human rights violation of dalits, minorities and tribals, will raise the issue of doubtful voters in front of prominent human rights activists at a conclave in New Delhi on March 13.\"All national-level human rights activists will gather at the event. We will place the issue of doubtful voters in a very prominent way. We will also take some of the victims from Assam to the event so they can give testimony of their plight. NCHRO will pursue the issue and spearhead safeguarding the rights of doubtful voters,\" Ayline explained.The Assam chapter of NCHRO was launched at a meeting organized by the Society for Total Empowerment of Minorities (STEM) here on Sunday.The doubtful or 'D' voter tag, which denies a person of voting rights and casts doubt on his or her citizenship, has become one of the most debated topics in the state with various political and non-political parties raking up the issue in various forums.A study entitled 'Denial of Citizenship Rights and Marginalization' by the Institute for Peace Studies and Conflict Resolution (IPSCR) said in many families, sons and daughters were tagged as doubtful voters while their parents were accepted Indian citizens.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957373", "title": "Bihar needs new model for urban growth: Expert", "text": "PATNA: While rising urbanization is considered a necessary accompaniment of any developing society, Bihar is likely to reach the dead end of development sooner than later, since the state's urbanization process has been moving at a pace far below the national average. Besides, there does not appear to be any alternative model in operation in the state to spur urban growth.Harsh Singh, director of Market Solutions for Inclusion (Delhi), who participated at a panel discussion on 'Devising an appropriate strategy for urban development' at the 'Global Summit on Changing Bihar; on Friday, on Sunday said he has an alternative model called Navoday Shahar Model (NSM) for the poor and landless. This envisages creation of habitats, each with around 25,000 people or 5,000 households, in rural setting with facilities that meet the triple needs of residents with regard to owning assets, human development services (school, hospital, banking services, drinking water, college) and means of livelihood.According to him, in line with the new theme of urban growth and expansion on the global plane as envisioned by Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), NSM envisages allotment of 380 square metres of land to a household for home, vegetable cultivation and other horticultural activities, so that each NSM unit would require merely 600 acres of land. On this basis, around 8-9 NSMs could be created in every district under Public-Private Partnership (PPP) model to work as local centres of growth and sustenance as had been achieved in countries such as China, Russia and some other countries.Otherwise, as Singh put it, Bihar was unlikely to witness any significant rise in urban population and urbanization in the next one-and-a-half decade. According to a survey, Tamil Nadu would have 70% of its population in urban areas and the country around 50% by 2026, but Bihar would be stuck around merely 12%.Incidentally, the Nitish Kumar government has been striving to bring Bihar into the category of developed states by 2015. Singh said that experience had shown that people living within a radius of five km of a town have benefited from the growth of the town. \"The benefits don't impact people living 20km away from a town in Bihar,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956785", "title": "Amarnath's Punjabi beats enthral all", "text": "LUDHIANA: Playing a dhol (drums) dangling around his neck in a high speed swirl, Amarnath and his awe-inspiring performance is a treat to watch. Such is the magic of his fingers that no music lover can stop himself from dancing to the beats!50-year-old Amarnath is not an unfamiliar name in the musical territory of Ludhiana as his dhol performance has not only been enthralling the local audience, but also entertaining the international audience at International Folk Festival. Says Amarnath, who runs a local band Adarsh and also teaches pupils the art, \"I inherited this art from my late father Sain Dass. I was 35-years-old when I started my journey with dhol and the journey ever since has been quite eventful. Not only have I participated as a dhol player in various functions in school, colleges of the city including Vidya Mandir School, Dandi Swami, Baba Ishwar Singh School BRS Nagar, CFC School BRS Nagar, and Arya College Dandi Swami Road and many other education institutions, but I also have participated in the various folk festivals in Mumbai, Nagpur, Kolkatta and Kalyan.''Amarnath adds, \"I have also been called by people from Himachal Pradesh , Delhi, J&K; and elsewhere in Punjab for marriage functions. I have also participated in International Folk Festival including the one at Doha, Qatar, in 2007. We got huge response from the audience there.'' Proud to be a Punjabi, he adds, \"As an artist, it was especially a great experience for me to highlight Punjabi art, culture and tradition outside the city and country.'' About his future plans, Amarnath lists, \"I wish to teach the art to as many pupils as possible. Besides next year I am planning to attend International Folk Festival outside India to showcase dhol playing as an art.''And just how important is dhol playing for him? He quips, \"Dhol for me is my life. I can forget to have meals, but cannot skip practising my art everyday.'' Amarnath further says, \"I love to beat the dhol on all Bhangra numbers, but I get fully pumped by two songs, \"Nachan Ta Pehla Hoka Dayenge'', \"Sanjana Nu Ek Moka Deyange'' sung by Hans Raj Hans. These are my favourite songs to play dhol. The other song I love playing on dhol is \"Tutak Tutak Tutiyaan'' sung by Malkit Singh.'' All praise for Amarnath, Davinder Singh Chhina, who is head of the International Folk Ensemble (Punjab Cultural Promotion Council (PCPC), said, \"Amarnath accompanied our cultural troop to Doha in Qatar in 2007 as a dhol player. He is an awesome artist and a great ambassador of art of Punjab.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11958011", "title": "25-day delay in refill of your LPG cylinder", "text": "BANGALORE: The strike by truckers transporting LPG cylinders may have been called off but consumers are still reeling under its effect. There is an average delay of 25 days in delivery of cooking gas cylinders to several agencies in Bangalore as well as the state.On Sunday, the All-India LPG Distributors Federation of Karnataka Circle admitted that there's a delay. \"Bulk shortage at the bottling plants has had a cascading effect on delivery of cylinders to customers. In most southern states, the delay has been by 15 to 25 days,\" said federation secretary N Sathyan.He said the situation should return to normal in another 20 days.Transporters of state-owned oil companies transporting cooking gas cylinders had called a week-long strike in January, which caused this delay in delivery of refills.Some private gas agencies, however, are delivering refills within 10 days. \"My agency has been able to cater to customers' request within 10 or 12 days of placing the order,\" said Ramesh N, owner of Sri Sai Marketing (Bharat Gas) in Banaswadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958155", "title": "PHD in management", "text": "Could you please provide me with some information about the colleges and institutions offering PhD in management and their admission procedure?Shahu KhanDoctoral programmes in management and related disciplines are offered at all leading Bschools and also at several premier technology institutions and universities.The programmes are ideally suited for the academically inclined who have some professional experience, intellectual curiosity and discipline - common prerequisites for any scholarly inquiry. These programmes do not require prior management study, and in fact students from diverse academic backgrounds are encouraged to apply. They are ideal for those who wish to go into teaching, advanced research or training as well as for those looking at consulting or post-research positions abroad.While IIMs, XLRI, ISB and other stand-alone institutes offer a fellow programme in management (FPM), universities and the IITs and NITs offer a 'PhD' in management.The difference between a PhD and FPM is similar to the distinction between an MBA and PGDM. Arguably, the number of prestigious FPMs is higher than that of PhDs. Do keep in mind, though, that for securing teaching positions in universities and colleges, UGC mandates that you have a PhD, while private Bschools and even the IIMs will readily appoint both an FPM and a PhD.Regardless of nomenclature, doctoral programmes in management are structured so as to introduce students to major functional and general management areas and provide a thorough understanding of the concepts and theories underlying management practices. The first two years of the programme are devoted to course work and the rest to qualifying exams followed by dissertation work.Where to Study: All the IIMs and leading B-schools such as XLRI, MDI. Several IITs and NITs, IISc, and engineering institutes (such as Delhi Technological University, BITS Pilani, Thapar University) have a department of management studies that offers PhD programmes.Typical Eligibility Criteria: Master's degree (any discipline) or a professional qualification (eg CA, ICWA, CS) with at least 55%, or a BE/BTech (four-year) with at least 60% marks or equivalent GPA.Typical Selection Procedure: The selection committee will assess your suitability for research work based on your portfolio and performance in the interview. Consistently good academic record, professional accomplishments, research interest, etc are of particular importance. Most institutes will use the scores of any of the following exams as the first-level of screening: CAT/XAT/GMAT/GRE/GATE, with some institutes also accepting UGC-CSIR NET scores.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956523", "title": "Tulsiram was sent to Rajasthan by Gujarat cops: CBI", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In 2005, right before the encounter of Sohrabuddin Sheikh, Gujarat police had abducted him along with his wife Kauserbi and another history-sheeter Tulsiram Prajapati. While Sohrabuddin and Kauserbi were killed in 2005, Tulsiram was killed in a fake encounter a year later.If you are wondering how Tulsiram managed to get away from the clutches of Gujarat police, then here is what CBI officials, now probing this case, have found: After the trio's abduction from Hyderabad they were brought to Gujarat and Tulsiram was sent to Rajasthan, his home state, in a bus.Some Rajasthan-based police officials have made these revelations before CBI officials probing the case. CBI has recorded statements of seven Rajasthan police officials under section 164 of CrPC. They have told the probe agency that after abducting the three they were brought to Ahmedabad.\"On November 24 Tulsiram was allowed to head back to Rajasthan. According to the Rajasthan cops, Tulsiram first went to Bhilwada where he stayed in a rented house. On November 26, superintendent of Rajasthan's Special Task Force Dinesh M N, had tipped-off Bhilwada police that Tulsiram was hiding in their jurisdiction. Based on this tip off police inspector Abdul Rehman arrested Tulsiram from Bhilwada and accused in the murder case of Hamid Lala on November 29, 2005.Both Dinesh and Abdul have already been arrested in the Sohrabuddin fake encounter case. Two Rajasthan policemen who had Tulsiram in their custody have revealed these details to the CBI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955684", "title": "Vasco, Ponda, Mapusa, call off Carnival celebrations", "text": "PANAJI: The organizing committees of Mapusa, Vasco and Ponda have decided to call off all Carnival celebrations as a mark of mourning for those who lost their lives in the Calvim tragedy.\"We have cancelled the float parade as well as the cultural and entertainment programmes which were scheduled to be held every evening till Tuesday,\" said Agnelo Braganza, president, Mapusa Carnival Committee.Vasco Carnival Committee members agreed among themselves on Saturday to call off celebrations scheduled for Monday. \"There is no change in the decision. Carnival celebrations will not take place,\" said John Abreau, vice chairman of the committee.Ponda Municipal Council officials said that all Carnival celebrations including the float parade, scheduled for Monday, has been cancelled. The parade at Panaji was called off at the last moment after news about the tragic deaths at Calvim where six persons including four children lost their lives.On Saturday evening, Margao Carnival Committee chairman Vivek Parsekar told TOI that the float parade and celebrations scheduled from Sunday onwards had been cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11960090", "title": "Fog covers city, 36 flights delayed", "text": "CHENNAI: With conducive atmospheric conditions to the formation of fog prevailing, the city today experienced reduced visibility in the early hours of Monday.\"The visibility was less than 150 metres,\" said R Suresh, director of aerodrome Met office , Chennai office.The fog caused 36 flights to be delayed. The first flight departed the city only at 9.45am, said airport officials.The fog was present from 4.30am to 6.30am in the city. \"In the airport, however, it remained till 8.30am,\" said Suresh. \"Normalcy returned only at around 11am,\" said other airport officials.Clear skies, high humidity and calm winds, lead to formation of fog, say experts. \" Nungambakkam registered 94% relative humidity at 5.30am,\" said Y E A Raj, deputy director general of regional metrological centre. High level of pollutants is also contributed to the formations of fog.\"Experts say that such foggy days can be expected for five to six days in February and four to five days in March. \"It is basically cloud formation just 300 metres above land. In five occasions in the last 22 years, the visibility has come down to 50 metres,\" said Suresh.If the visibility is below 1000 metres, experts classified the phenomenon as fog, more than 1000 metres, it is classified as mist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955703", "title": "Court grants plea to amend complaint", "text": "KOLKATA: The city metropolitan magistrate on Sunday granted the petition to amend the complaint from 'rape' to 'gang rape'. The latter entails rigorous imprisonment for not less than 10 years and may be extended to life term and shall also be liable to fine.During the court proceedings, none of the accused spoke a single word.Following the initial probe, police have reasons to believe that Sumit, who hails from an affluent family in Gariahat, was driving his own car and Johny was seated in the front. Naseer and Kader were in the back seat along with Nishad. The CCTV footage shows Nishad and Naseer boarding the car and Kader taking the back seat before them. Sumit is seen standing in front of the car and later, opening the front door, which suggests he was probably at the wheel.The car that was confiscated is registered in the name of Bajaj Transport Company, which Sumit's family owns. Police sources said Johny hails from Entally area and has a place to stay in Ekbalpore. But as soon the case was flashed in the media, they fled. The car will be sent for forensic tests, said Joint CP (crime) Damayanti Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957112", "title": "Student drowns in Kerala backwaters", "text": "MUMBAI: A 17-year-old first-year architecture student of Anjuman-i-Islam, Shabbir Bagsarwala, on Sunday drowned in the backwaters of Kumarakom in Kerala where he went on a study tour.The body was taken to Kottayam Medical College where a post mortem was done on Sunday. The boy's family and college authorities have reached Kumarokam to bring the body back.Zaheer Qazi, president of Anjuman, said, \"It was a study tour for the students of architect.\" A group of 39 students, teachers, other staff and two tour operators went to Kerala on Monday. \"The incident took place around 7 pm on Saturday. The boy lost control and fell into the water. Life guards jumped in and made every effort to rescue him, but he could not be found for half an hour. By the time, he was fished out, it was too late,\" Qazi said. \"The boy was very good in studies. He stayed at Bohri Mohalla near Bhendi Bazar.\"Shabbir's mother and uncle, along with the institute members, will leave for Mumbai with the body on Monday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "11955814", "title": "Railway event turns into political meet", "text": "HOWRAH: Yet another railway programme was turned into a political event by chief minister Mamata Banerjee and minister of state for shipping Mukul Roy. Railways minister Dinesh Trivedi was the only speaker who refrained from making any political statement and hinted instead that he would concentrate on the safety of passengers in the forthcoming railway budget.\"Safety is my top priority and people will also have to get involved in the process. We have succeeded in fulfilling all commitments made in the last budget by Mamata Banerjee. I shall monitor all the ongoing Metro projects in the state and those where setting-up of factories are concerned,\" Trivedi said.The 'involvement of people' bit was indication enough that a fare hike is in the pipeline. The railways may be considering a safety fund for which a surcharge may be charged from passengers.Roy, on the other hand, waxed eloquent on how Mamata had changed the face of the railways and the state. He seemed to have carried away and ended his speech with a 'Mamata Banerjee Zindabad'. Mamata embarked on a bout of Left bashing, \"After I made budget commitments, CPM would spread canards and say that none of the projects would see the light of day. The Left has simply lied in the last 35 years.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "11955864", "title": "Gaonkar petitions SC over illegal mining", "text": "MARGAO: Antonio Gaonkar, leader of the erstwhile Save Goa Front (SGF), has filed a writ petition in the Supreme Court over the issue of illegal mining in the state.Gaonkar, in the petition, has sought directions from the apex court to the concerned authorities \"that the boundaries of all the mining leases be determined/demarcated\" by the Survey of India, mines department, forest department and revenue department of the state.The petition raises pertinent questions like \"whether the mining activity in Goa can be legal when not a single mining lease and/or prospecting licence was granted since 2001\", \"whether mining activity can be allowed even when there is no forest clearance from the ministry of environment and forests as in the case of 32 mines\", and \"no environmental, wildlife, air and water clearance\" in the case of three mining companies. The petition has raised questions over the legality of mining through \"raising contractors like urban development minister Joaquim Alemao when they operate the mines without being registered with or recognized by the directorate of mines or any other authority under the Mines and Minerals Regulation and Development Act, especially when such mining on private lands goes on unaccounted \".Gaonkar has pointed out that besides Alemao, Vedanta (Sesa Goa), Minescape (Dinar Tarcar) and Timblo Pvt Ltd are operating several mines as \"raising contractors\". Gaonkar, in the petition, has also made a case for handing over mining activity in Goa to public sector undertaking \"for compliance of various provisions of Mines and Minerals laws and Forest and Wildlife laws in order to end the menace of illegal mining.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955772", "title": "No medical check-up of orphanage kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: The administrator appointed by the lieutenant-governor, Tejendra Khanna, for Arya Anathalaya in Daryaganj had decided on Wednesday that the 1,000 children must be examined medically within a week. The idea was to prevent any further abuse and rule out chances of any victim of abuse going unattended. But even as Delhi Police finally made arrests on Saturday, there was no sign of a medical team visiting the institution. Monday being a government holiday, there won't be any development before Tuesday.On Thursday, TOI had given a glimpse of the overcrowding and mismanagement at the institution after it managed to gain access. The administrator had issued an office memorandum to the orphanage on Wednesday laying down a code of conduct and asked for the medical examination. However, lack of coordination between the department of women and child welfare and the department of health has stalled the plan.After the administrator PP Dhal, a joint director with the women and child department, issued the order, the orphanage wrote a letter to the health minister, AK Walia, seeking the services of the department to examine all children under the school health scheme. However, the department seems to have forgotten to coordinate with the health department.Health minister Walia said he had received the letter from the orphanage trust but had no idea what kind of check-ups were being sought. \"I will look into it on Tuesday,\" he said. Women and child development minister Kiran Walia told TOI: \"I have discussed the matter with the health department and we will write a formal letter to them on Tuesday so that they can arrange for the check-ups.\"She said counsellors have started visiting the orphanage and the members of the child welfare committee will be speaking to each child.CWC chairperson Sushma Vij, who visited the orphanage on Thursday, said they were working on an action plan to ensure that the institution is managed well. \"Decongesting the premises is critical. The institution is not equipped to handle 1,000 plus children.\"Meanwhile, Kiran Walia has attacked the Arya Anathalaya management for communalizing and politicizing the attempt by the authorities and an NGO to bring out cases of abuse in the institution. In a political attack, she mentioned the BJP and the orphanage in the same breath.Walia was addressing a Congress workers' meeting in Babarpur. Senior Congress leaders, including AICC general secretary Chaudhary Birender Singh and DPCC president and northeast Delhi MP JP Aggarwal, were present at the meeting that was attended by a large number of workers.Walia said the BJP was responsible for the poor functioning of MCD and that the BJP's men who run orphanages were not sparing any opportunity to communalise an issue like child abuse. Last week, orphanage chairman Viresh Pratap Chaudhary had denied allegations of abuse aggressively before the media, alleging that they were being targeted by communal forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957037", "title": "Four-layered cake and 24-hour party", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Nineteen-year-old Rahul Singla, a resident of Sector 12, Panchkula, has already ordered a four-layered chocolate cake with his name, age and year on it as he wants to mark his last four leap year birthdays since he became mature enough to realize the uniqueness of his birth date.Born on February 29, 1992, Rahul wants to make it the best birthday ever and is busy making arrangements.\"The date is very special and also its the first time I'll be organizing everything for my birthday on my own. On previous leap years, I was too young to realize how extraordinary the day is,\" smiles Rahul, who is a student of Khalsa College in Sector 26.He adds, \"I love shopping and wearing new clothes and so I've decided to change my attire every time I step out of the house on my birthday.\" And he is planning every single minute of the day starting from February 28 midnight to February 29 midnight. \"I don't want to waste time sleeping on my big day. So I have called my friends home on February 28 itself,\" he reveals.Rahul, who wants to ensure that the party is an unforgettable one says, \"As it will be only after four years that I'll get a chance to celebrate my 'real' birthday again, I plan to throw a booze party for my friends as they all drink. But for now I am still hunting for the venue.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955852", "title": "\u2018School timings should be staggered to avoid rush for buses\u2019", "text": "In an exclusive interview, divisional controller of the MSRTC for Nashik, K B Deshmukh, talks to The Times of India about the ideas the organization has approached school authorities with in order to reduce the mad scramble for buses that ensues at most MSRTC bus depots as soon as schools shut for the day, putting innocent lives in dangerIn 1990, the MSRTC had 290 buses, and till date it has almost the same number of buses. The population of the city has grown to 17 lakh from 4 lakh. Why has the fleet not grown accordingly?Nashik is the only city where the MSRTC is rendering its services to the people. In Aurangabad and Sangli, transportation services were taken over by the respective municipal corporations from the MSRTC and later handed back to the MSRTC. In the same way, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) was also planning to take over the city bus services and hence we were not able to invest heavily in them. We got a no-objection certificate from the NMC only two years ago. We have added nearly 60 buses to the fleet besides the buses given to us as part of a Jawaharlal Nehru Nation Urban Renovation Mission (JNNURM) project. We are revamping services and by July 2012 the whole scenario will be greatly altered.Why is it that your drivers and conductors have to work for more hours per day, be it on the city transport system or even on the rural and inter-city transport services?Ideally we should have 40 buses for a 1 lakh-strong population, which means that we are short by over 400 buses in all. And there is a severe shortage of staff to carry on the bus schedules on whatever reduced strength we possess. There are 231 buses and 203 schedules, with buses making 3,517 trips out of the scheduled 3,806 trips.The shortage is only because of the shortage of 175 drivers and conductors. This is the reason why our drivers have to work for more hours per day. The only solace considering the stiff competition we get from illegal modes of transport is that we pay our drivers and conductors what they deserve. There are issues, and they exist in every organization. MSRTC is a part of society and it cannot be alien to the problems of society.Bus stops and pick-up sheds are mostly encircled by autorickshaws and taxis or private buses soliciting passengers. Why isn't anything done to change this trend?As far as bus stands are concerned, private buses should stop 200m away from them. Besides, they should not stop on the demarcated MSRTC bus stops. But, these rules are not followed in Nashik. The problem is with the police department and the NMC, as they have not been taking the necessary measures to correct this picture. The traffic police fail to fine or instill discipline among the private operators, while the NMC is yet to decide upon designated stops for autorickshaws. Hence, our drivers also do not bother to stop at the demarcated stops. We understand the inherent danger in this situation. We feel sorry for our passengers when we see this situation playing out at Shalimar and Ravivar Karanja. We are taking efforts to change it.Why do schoolchildren have to compete with office-goers and other passengers during peak hours to get into a bus and, at times, struggle to get into a running bus?We have had a dialogue with the district collector twice on the issue and appealed to the education officers to stagger the timing of teaching sessions in schools. Schools close down for the day all at the same time in the evening when offices also close for the day, making it difficult for the students to make their way on the streets as the crowds keep increasing. No matter what the current strength of buses with the MSRTC, you cannot expect us to cut services to all other areas at that time of the day and press the buses into service for this purpose. Besides, that will further lead to congestion here and in other parts of the city as well. Instead, if all the schools involved in this matter change their closing time in such a way that there are 15-minute intervals between the closing times of different schools, our buses can deal with the traffic load effectively. It is also important here to mention that the safety of their pupils is also a responsibility of the schools. We have been asking the institutions to effect some changes from the past one year. We really hope that June 2012 dawns with new change with regards to this matter. Even parents must support the cause.Your drivers also fail to stick to traffic norms. What action does the MSRTC take against them?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11954949", "title": "Power shutdown", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Tuesday from 9am to 5.30pm for maintenance work.TNagar Central : Melony Rd.High Court area: Angappan St, Moore St, 2nd Lane Beach Rd, Lingichetty St, Standard Chartered Bank, Eraabalu St, Mooker Nallamuthu St, Stock Exchange, Indian Bank I and II, Jesus Calls, HSBC, UTI, Thambu Chetty St, Armenian St, Additional Law Chamber, Esplanade Rd, part of NSC Bose Rd, Badrian St, Bunder St, part of Malayaperumal St, Anderson St, Stringer St, Umberson St, Kuralagam, Law College, Pumping Station, MMC mens hostel.Kodambakkam: Periyarpathi, Vellala St, Anna Nedum Pathai, Arcot Rd, Trustpuram 1st to 10th St, Zaraja Colony, Vannier St, Choolaimedu High Rd, Subedar Garden, Kamarajar Colony, Corporation Colony and Complex, Railway Border Rd, Rangarajapuram Main Rd, Pasumathi St, Tailors Estate, Parangusapuram, Station View Rd, Rajaram Colony, Ashok Avenue, Circular Rd, United India Colony, Chinna Raja Pilla Thottam, Visvanathapuram, Azeez Nagar, Gugan St, Bajanai Koil St, Dayalu Nagar, Andavar Nagar, Kannagi St, Nehru St, Avvai Nagar, Palayakaram St, Pudur, Duraisamy Rd, Vijaya Hospital, Alagiri Nagar, BE colony, Sowrashtra Nagar, Choolaimedu High Rd, Gangai Amman Koil St, South 1stand 2nd St, Sankarapuram, Abdulla St, Basha St, Ammerjohn St, Shakthi Nagar, Radhakrishnan Nagar, Wahab St, Ramanujam St, New Market St, Mehnen St, Ambedkar St, Chinnappa Nagar, Athreeyapuram St, Abith Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11956532", "title": "Stop giving tips: HDK tells Siddramaiah", "text": "HUBLI: JD(S) state president H D Kumaraswamy on Sunday said that leader of the opposition in the state assembly S Siddramaiah should stop giving free advice to JD(S). \"We do not want his advice to run the party,\" he said reacting to Siddramaiah's statement that MLC Basavaraj Horatti should be made the chief minister if JD(S) comes to power in state.He was peaking to reporters here on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956657", "title": "Metro barricades to be removed soon", "text": "JAIPUR: For those travel-weary commuters who are always caught in perpetual traffic jams at metro sites, the news of removal of barricades by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) will come as a sigh of relief.\"We are planning to remove barricades where the work for peer caps and launching has been done. The removal procedure will start from April,\" project director, Lalit Meghnani said.\"The barricades are expected to be completely removed till December,\" he added.According to DMRC officials, the track will be supported by 370 pillars on the 9.2 km route from Mansarovar to Chandpole. Officials claimed the work at Mansarovar, Ajmer Road and Aatish Market is at its peak and barricades in these areas will be removed soon. After removing barricades, the work for rain water harvesting structures will start. By the end of March, 99% of the caps will be fitted. Every day we are doing 5-6 piles.\" said Meghnani.The DMRC claims the launching operation (work for laying the bed of elevated metro rail tracks) will be completed by December 2012, despite delay of a month. \"We have used some engineering innovations to bridge the gap. The work is expected to be completed on scheduled time as the inspection team from the Research Design and Standards Organisation (RDSO) is strict on oscillation trials,\" he added.\"The DMRC will also start giving the front to contractors by next month, so that all the work is completed. The work will be allotted in phases to avoid delay,\" he informed.Contractors have also been awarded contract for rolling stock, signaling, 132 KV receiving sub-stations, overhead equipment and tracks.Though DMRC claims the work will be completed on time, but in fact 16% of the work has not yet been started due to delay in land transfer. The work between Shyam Nagar and Ram Nagar station hasn't been started yet as the land owner of a private property has moved court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955885", "title": "Assam girl rescued at Delhi station", "text": "NEW DELHI: A girl, abducted six months ago from Assam, has been rescued from New Delhi railway station and her abductor has been arrested, the central district police claimed on Friday.The abductor, Mintu Saikia (22), is a resident of Moinajuli, Assam, and was arrested at the station while he was trying to board a train with the abducted girl.Saikia met the girl during an all-Assam dance competition in the state and kidnapped her on August 5 last year. Local police suspected it to be a case of elopement. \"On January 17, the girl's mother received a call from a man, who identified himself as Saikia, and made the victim talk to her mother. During another conversation, he demanded Rs 1 lakh from her,\" ACP Devesh Chandra Srivastva said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lakhimpur kheri (up)", "code": "11963374", "title": "Predator, prey base has increased at Dudhwa Tiger Reserve: WTI", "text": "LAKHIMPUR KHERI (UP): Apprehensions about depletion of prey base in the Dudhwa Tiger Reserve (DTR), generated after reports of tigers hunting rhinos surfaced, were dispelled by a recent survey conducted in three areas of the wildlife sanctuary.The survey was conducted in Dudhwa National Park (DNP), Kishunpur Wildlife Sanctuary (KWS) and Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary (KGWS) by Wildlife Trust of India (WTI).Based on scat (droppings) analysis of the big cats and their prey species including spotted deer, wild boars, swamp deer, hog deer, barking deer, langoors, among others, it was concluded that prey and predators have increased.\"WTI survey has highlighted the fact that numbers of both prey as well as predators have increased which can be attributed to adept habitat management and wildlife protection,\" Field director and chief conservator of forest Parasada said.The CCF said the density of tigers has increased, as reported by the survey, hence this would be reflected in the numbers as well. During camera trapping under Phase three in DTR, the density of tigers in Dudhwa National Park came around 7.88 per km, he said.As per the report, the number of tigers comes to around 72 in DNP, 32 in KWS and 23 in Kishunpur. Total number of tigers in DTR tallies at around 127. According to the WTI report, DNP has the highest density of big cats and prey species, followed by Kishunpur and Katarniaghat sanctuaries.The WTI teams scanned 149.2 sq km area of DNP including Sathiyana, Dudhwa, South Sonaripur and Belrayan from December 2011 and January 2012 and found a total of 80 scats of big cats, which tallied at 53%.Similarly, in 91.77 sq km area of Nishangada and Katarniaghat areas of KWS, the ratio of scat collection of big cats tallied around 32 per cent while in 201.81 sq km area of Mailani and Kishunpur areas in KWS, it was around 26.5%.The WTI survey corroborates the report of the last tiger census which described density of the big cat in Dudhwa as 7.9 per km as compared to 4.9 of 2007.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957933", "title": "After first beep, came first salvo", "text": "LUCKNOW: As soon as the first beep from the electronic voting machines started buzzing, Nagar Nigam polling centre under Lucknow East assembly constituency unfolded a dramatic scene, as BJP candidate Kalraj Mishra exchanged 'heated words' with polling officials.After Mishra came out from the polling booth at around 7:15 am, he was surrounded by mediapersons looking for the first byte. As the group blocked the main entrance, polling officer-on-duty asked Mishra to stay aside. The scheme of events turned into a heated exchange of words between mediapersons and officials, which was calmed in minute's time.Amongst the masses, uneven development, misappropriation of funds and deplorable road conditions worry voters of Lucknow East assembly constituency. Expecting change and betterment of prevailing conditions, voters of this Trans-Gomti region were seen queuing up since morning at the polling centres.With 3,48,579 registered voters, 67.4% of the population enjoys voting rights which is highest amongst all constituencies in the state capital. Citing roads and potable water availability as key problems faced in the area, Md Shakeel, a businessman and a voter enrolled in Mahanagar Girl's College, feels that a sincere effort by the government is needed. A few voters were seen complaining about poor lighting conditions in the polling centre.A total of 52% votes were polled in the constituency which witnesses a quadrangular fight among Kalraj Mishra (BJP), Juhie Singh (SP), Ramesh Chandra Srivastava (Cong) and KC Tripathi (BSP). Sitting MLA Vidyasagar Gupta of BJP is contesting from Lucknow Central assembly constituency as demographics have changed after delimitation.First time voter, Rajesh, was 'disheartened' to find the \"no option button missing\" in the electronic voting machine. Rajesh wished to use Article 49(O) and not choose any of the candidates. \"I heard about using article 49(O) from a friend and was very excited to convey my message to the election commission that I am rejecting all the candidates. But when I went to press the button, I was saddened that the no-vote button was not available,\" says Rajesh. He added that next time he will make a more informed choice.In Rani Laxmibai polling centre, around 45% polling was reported by 3.45pm. Long queues were seen in the early hours of polling. Voters came all day beeping the voting machines at frequent intervals.A wave of enthusiasm prevailed among the voters across all age groups. Most of the polling centres saw high turnout between 11am and 3pm. From youth to elderly, people were seen queued up at Nishatganj, Mahanagar, Mahanagar extension and other areas.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960906", "title": "Boman Irani\u2019s son makes Bollywood debut", "text": "Kayoze Irani makes his acting debut with Karan Johar's nextAs we all know Karan Johar gives a chance to many a new talent through his powerhouse Dharma Productions. Next in line to receive an opportunity is actor Boman Irani's son, Kayoze Irani who is currently working with Dharma Productions.Kayoze who started off as an assistant director for the recently released Kareena and Imran Khan starrer Ek Main Aur Ek Tu has been signed for Karan Johar's forthcoming film 'Student of the Year (SOTY)' which is currently on floors.SOTY that marks the debut of three new actors Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhavan and Siddharth Malhotra will have one more star kid Kayoze in its cast. It is believed that Kayoze is a good photographer like his actor-father Boman.Kayoze's role in the film hasn't been disclosed yet. Let's hope this son follows his dad's footsteps and reaches new heights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956099", "title": "BUIT students make a mark in Tekniska-2012", "text": "BHOPAL: Students of Barkatullah University Institute of Technology (BUIT) dominated a clutch of events, organised under the 'Teknesia-2012', the five-day tech-fest that concluded on Sunday. The concluding day of the event witnessed enthralling performance by Bhopal-based rock bands.Chief guest at the concluding ceremony, West Central Railway divisional railway manager (DRM), Ghanshyam Singh lauded the efforts of students for the success of event. \"It is good to see a huge gathering of students. Events like Teknesia help students demonstrate their talent,\" Singh said.Ranjeet Jha was awarded first prize for his paper presentation on solar energy. Abhishek Tiwari was awarded with the second position for his paper presentation on techno-religion while the third position went to Kritika Pathak and Ruchi Barya for their paper presentation on virtual reality.The close contest was witnessed in the fashion show. In the end, women's polytechnic college group won the first position for their best presentation. Heart Breakers and Indian Group were adjudged second and third respectively.In the poster making competition, Swati Bhatt and Shubhee Saxena were first for best poster. The team of Aarchi Singh and Akansha Rajoriya was declared runners-up.In the interesting event of Kaun Banega Technocrat (KBT), teams of Barkatullah University took away the first and second position. Duo of Ranjan and Arvind were declared winner while Divya came second. Team of Akash Khare and Anurag Shinde came third.In the keenly-contested event of white-line tracer students were asked to construct a wireless machine. Allahabad's team was awarded winner for the error-free machine. BUIT five-member was awarded with the runners-up trophy.BUIT director Dr DC Gupta congratulated the winners of different categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955218", "title": "State rings wedding bells for 64 couples", "text": "CHENNAI: A day after chief minister J Jayalalithaa's former associate Sasikalaa Natarajan deposed in court supporting the AIADMK leader's statements, Jayalalithaa arrived at YMCA grounds in a mellow mood to bless 64 couples whose marriage was being conducted by the state.Sunday's ceremony bore all the hallmarks of an official function. Neither the balloons nor the music could take away from the presence of groups of policemen and party workers. Inside the marquee, 64 couples sat on the stage awaiting the arrival of the CM, the brides dressed in maroon silk saris and the grooms in white. \"Our parents could not afford to conduct a ceremony for us, but the state has been generous,\" said Selvan, who works in a garment factory in Coimbatore, and married Deepa.Presiding over the function, Jayalalithaa hailed the Indian family system but rued that nuclear families and old age homes were on the rise. She exhorted party cadre to remain united so that the AIADMK could win all 40 seats in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry in the next Parliamentary polls.To mark the CM's 64th birthday, each couple got 64 gifts, including 4 grams gold thali and toe rings, a deity's photo, silver lamps, vessels, mattress and bedding, LPG stoves, mixers and table fans. Vijayshanthi, an exuberant 19-year-old bride thought it was \"grand\" to receive gifts. \"I've never had new items before,\" she said. \"I'll ask my brother to get married this way too.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956081", "title": "Bus overturns; 20 injured near Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Around half a dozen volunteers of Nehru Yuva Kendra and around eight other passengers were injured when the bus carrying them overturned near village Kajlikhedi on city outskirts in Kolar area.The police said injured were admitted in the district JP hospital. The volunteers of the Nehru Yuva Kendra were going to participate in an adventure fest in Kolar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956125", "title": "CMAT begins today", "text": "BHOPAL: All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) will conduct the Common Management Admissions Test (CMAT) 2012 from February 20 to 28. The online test centre for the exam will be at IES College, Ratibad.The exam will be conducted in two shifts at 9.30 am and 2.30 pm, each of three hours. The exam will be held different centres in the state including Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur. Around 2000 students are expected to participate in the online test. Students are supposed to reach the examination centre and report one and a half hours before the scheduled time. Over 2.5 lakh candidates would be participating in the exam across the country. CMAT is an entrance test for admissions in MBA colleges across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956536", "title": "CWG case: CBI sends letters rogatory to Hong Kong, UK", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI is speeding up investigations into various projects related to Commonwealth Games 2010. In one such case, where the agency had booked several engineers of Delhi Development Authority and CPWD for alleged irregularities in laying of synthetic turf for the lawn bowls events, it has now sent Letter Rogatories (LRs) to Hong Kong and UK seeking details about the deal.The contract for laying synthetic turf was given to Jubilee Sports Private Limited for Rs 9.88 crore while the actual cost of the project was Rs 6 crore. During investigations, CBI found that the cost of the project was escalated intentionally.CBI sources said LRs were sent a few days ago and a reply was expected soon. The agency has reportedly sought information about the articles which were transported for laying the synthetic turf. There were allegations that the cost of transportation and value of synthetic grass was inflated. The agency had even raided 20 premises of DDA and CPWD officials apart from the private company in April last year after registering the case.The agency had named superintending engineer Umesh Kumar and Gyaneshwar Tyagi (retired) of DDA and superintending engineer Rajendra Kala, executive engineers Dineshwar Gaur, Surja Ram and N H Khan, and an assistant engineer of CPWD in the case. The project was reportedly slammed by the V K Shunglu committee as well. CBI said the officials misused their official positions to benefit the company. They were booked for criminal conspiracy, cheating and under sections of Prevention of Corruption Act.Lawn bowls is a core sport of Commonwealth Games. In CWG 2010, there were six competitions of men and women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957180", "title": "Youths do sit-ups for brawl", "text": "The UT guest house witnessed drama when two youths arrested for quarrelling before F-Bar in Sector 9 were asked to do sit ups before a duty magistrate on Sunday.Pardeep Kumar of Manimajra and Gainda Singh of Kurukshetra were arrested under preventive sections on Saturday night and produced before SDM Nidhi Srivastva.Later, both were released on regular bail. A case was registered at police station, Sector 3.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955040", "title": "Airline employee, passenger held for smuggling `17L aboard plane", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officers in Chennai on Sunday seized $36,000 (worth about `17.75 lakh) from an Air India flight after an airline employee allegedly sneaked the money into the aircraft to help a passenger smuggle it to Singapore. The airline employee, a catering superintendent, and the passenger have been arrested.Passengers were getting ready to board the Singapore-bound AI 346 Air India aircraft before its departure at 12.45am from Chennai airport when DRI sleuths aborted the smuggling bid. The new trend of smugglers using airline staff and contract workers - the second such incident in three months - is posing a new challenge to the airport security. Investigating officers said AI catering superintendent M N V R K Prasad took the packet of dollars into the high security area as if escorting a food cart. He kept it in the magazine pouch of seat 24A which the passenger, M Shajahan of Royapuram, was to take. \"The passenger had apparently informed Prasad about his seat number after checking in,\" an officer said.DRI additional director-general C Rajan said Prasad received the packet containing the currency on Saturday night from the smuggler. \"He hid the packet inside his reflector jacket, travelled along with a food cart, boarded the plane and kept it in the magazine pouch,\" Rajan said. Prasad crossed two security screening points - the high security gate 9 of airport and the airline security at the door of the plane. Following a tip-off, DRI sleuths asked the airline to delay boarding and seized the money from the aircraft.\"We intercepted Shajahan from the security hold area where he was waiting to board the plane. On questioning, he said he was carrying more currency notes. We seized another $4,000 (worth `1.97 lakh) and `1.26 lakh in Indian currency from his bag,\" said Rajan. Prasad was supervising loading food when he was intercepted by DRI officers. \"He confessed that he had assisted smugglers similarly on two or three occasions. Prasad told us that smugglers paid him `3,000 for taking packets of currency notes into aircraft prior to boarding,\" an officer said. In November last year, a coach driver was arrested for sneaking in 6.5kg of ephedrine and hiding it inside a passenger shuttle. The coach driver had changed his duty schedule, hidden the packet inside the bonnet of a tractor and placed it inside a shuttle coach before informing the smugglers who were booked as passengers on a Jet Airways Chennai-Kuala Lumpur flight.After this incident, airport officials had been keeping a closer watch on vehicles that entered the high security area. Airport director E P Hareendranathan said officials are analysing the incident. \"We will improve the security system to prevent such things,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961885", "title": "Miss Serbia, the showstopper for Preeti Chandra", "text": "For many, many seasons now, we've been witnessing various Miss Indias making a splash at the fashion week in Delhi.While many of the pretty ladies have walked the ramp in Delhi as models before competing in the pageant and winning the prestigious crown, some have come here only as showstoppers, including the likes of Dia Mirza , and their popularity only seems to be increasing.On day one of the recently concluded WIFW, designer Preeti Chandra told us that she really wanted to get a Miss India as her showstopper. But since that couldn't be worked out, she had to opt for another beauty queen , so she ended up choosing Miss Serbia Aleksndria Pavic to close the show for her. \"I really wanted one of the Miss Indias to walk for me as the showstopper.But sadly that didn't work out so I got Miss Serbia. Even though this worked well, getting a Miss India wouldve been great. However, Aleksndria has the looks and the grace to carry off this collection, which was inspired by Spanish bullfighters, so I'm glad I found her. The show ended just the way I wanted it to.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "doolapalli (mulbagal taluk)", "code": "11957974", "title": "Man gored to death in bull race near Kolar", "text": "DOOLAPALLI (MULBAGAL TALUK): The annual bull run ended in tragedy on Sunday, when an animal gored Subramani, 38, of Shanthipura village in Andhra Pradesh. Six others sustained minor injuries when they tried to halt a bull racing madly down the track.The bull race was organized at Doolapalli village , 45km from Kolar and bordering Andhra Pradesh. Over 20,000 people had gathered to watch the mega event and hundreds of bulls from various parts of the district as well as from Andhra Pradesh were lined up for the race.The event began around noon. A few enthusiastic spectators tried to stop a racing bull, and when it didn't , they ran after it. In the melee, they were knocked down by other bulls. Subramani was grievously injured when a bull threw him with its horn. Though the route of the race was barricaded, drunk spectators jumped in to stop the bulls.The injured were rushed to Jalappa Hospital, Kolar, where Subramani succumbed to injuries after a surgery. The six others injured were treated as outpatients, Kolar DySP Rajanna told TOI. Mulbagal Rural police have booked a case against the organizers for negligence and are investigating , Rajanna added.HR Bhagvan Das, additional SP, Kolar, said events which endanger humans as well as animals should be banned. He said police would take suitable action against the organizers and also create awareness among the people.The event is part of Sankranti festival, and the people of this village have been holding it for almost a century. The event attracts a large number of people as the prize amount is hefty. Owners of bulls indulge in various tactics, including intoxicating the animals with local arrack and molasses to spur them on. In neighbouring Tamil Nadu , it is called 'jalikattu' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956429", "title": "Cop see holes in stepson's statement", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When Yogesh Yadav, 10, started narrating his tale, the policemen recording his statement, believed that the kid was taking them for a ride. Yadav is the only eyewitness to the entire episode.\"He stated that when he was with her stepmother at the residence at 8.30 am, two to three men entered the house and assaulted Shashikala. One of them forcibly took him to the bathroom and locked him up. He doesn't know what happened afterwards as per his statement. He then forced himself through a tiny window and entered the toilet and then fled from the house and raised an alarm,\" said police.Investigators said that he kept on changing his version and the number of assailants also varied from time to time. \"We believe that he might be telling the investigators what has been taught to him, presumably by the father. However, it would be too premature to say anything about the accused in the case,\" said a senior city police official.Police do not buy the robbers' angle. \"If it were a typical robbery case, we wouldn't have gold jewellery worth Rs 4 lakh intact in the house. Moreover, the robbers wouldn't take so much care about tying her up and strangulating her to death. They might simply stab her and flee,\" said the official.Another point under police scanner is Shyamveer's alibi. \"As per his statement, he had left the house at 8 am as he had to reach a site in Sarkhej for supervision. As per his routine, he first went to a nearby lake where he fed the fish and then went to Sarkhej on his two-wheeler. He came back only after a call from a neighbour at 10 am. We are trying to find out whether he really left the home at the said time,\" said a Chandkheda police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955732", "title": "Celebration turns into tragedy for corporator Dange", "text": "NAGPUR: Celebrations of the much awaited victory in Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) polls turned into tragedy for Bahujan Samaj Party candidate from Ajni ward Ajay Dange. His father passed away just a day after Dange was elected as corporator on Friday.Ajay Dange, a social worker from Kukde Layout, opened the account for BSP from Ajni prabhag, defeating his nearest rival, Congress candidate Pankaj Thorat, by a margin of over 3125 votes on Friday. Dange was busy in receiving calls and greetings from friends, relatives and well wishers about his victory, and planning a massive victory rally on Saturday, when he got the news of his father Ganpatrao Dange's demise. The 78-year-old Ganpatrao Dange passed away of a severe heart attack on Saturday, a few hours after his son fulfilled his wish of becoming a corporator.Ajay Dange had unsuccessfully contested the last three NMC polls, in 1997, 2002 and 2007, from Chandramani Nagar and Kaushalya Nagar wards just to fulfil the wish of his father, an ex-Model Mill worker. Ganpatrao always wanted one of his four sons, two are in government jobs and two involved in social work, to become a corporator and contribute to public welfare.Ajay Dange told TOI, \"Just for my father, I contested the last four elections. This time when I won the elections, that too with a clear majority, unfortunately my father is no longer among us to see what development I have planned for my ward. After I opened the account for BSP and the news was flashed by the local channel my father even asked to bring sweets.\"\"On Saturday, we had also decided to take out a massive victory rally in Ajni ward. My father had also decided to participate in the rally along with all other relatives. However, destiny had something else in mind. He received a severe heart attack at about 11am and despite all treatment we could not save him,\" he said.BSP spokesperson Uttam Shewde said, \"The Dange family was so happy with Ajay's victory from a South Nagpur constituency that they had organized a big rally to celebrate the event. However, the celebration turned into tragedy, and we had to take out a funeral procession for his father.\"He added, \"It is fitting that the Dange family (four brothers and two sisters) decided to donate Ganpatrao's eyes to a blind person. So, Ajay's father will be able to see his performance in next five years as a corporator and a budding politician.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11956445", "title": "Live-in meet: Five pairs decide to stay together", "text": "The scene was vogue , just like swinging sixties. Some of them clad in white trousers and matching white shoes, about 100-odd elderly men turned up at Madhya Pradesh's first ever \"Live-in relationship meet\" held here on Sunday. Five pairs agreed to enter into a live-in relationship at the unique match-making fair.Almost all of them--120 men and 15 women who gathered at the 'live-in relationship meet'-cited the falling family values as the reason for their loss of faith in family system. \"We are shunned by our kin and are lonely. We have come here to overcome loneliness\", they told TOI.\"The world may be going crazy watching Saas-Bahu serials. But who cares about deteriorating family values and beta-bahu troubles in families,\" said S K Gupta, narrating the troubles he faced in life and the phase of loneliness until he found a live-in partner with Anjali.Having achieved success in finding a suitable partner, lawyer Lalchand Nathani said initially he would go in for a live-in relationship and he may consider marrying at a later stage. \"As things shape up, I may re-locate to Mumbai where my partner currently resides\", Nathani added.Upon their arrival at the 'live-in' meet, the senior citizens were asked to register themselves before they went ahead looking a suitable match. All of them were asked to furnish details on their monthly income, whether living with family or alone. Interestingly, they were also asked if they believed in live-in relationship or not - to which almost all the women stroked 'no', unlike the males.The age of the participants ranged between 50 to 83 years. 76-year-old S P Agarwal said it all, \"I rubbish the talk of this being western or eastern influence. It is our way of overcoming loneliness.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960963", "title": "I won't play father of 2 children on TV: Rajesh Khera", "text": "The actor who was recently seen in the 'Survivor India' series will soon be seen in Deepa Mehta's adaptation of Salman Rushdie's 'Midnight's Children'.\"I am not going to play a father of two children in any TV show\", avers actor Rajesh Khera known for his portrayal of the sissy fashion designer Maddy in the erstwhile TV serial Jassi Jaisi Koi Nahin .The performer is sure there are enough roles that will come his way given his ability to look half or twice his age, as the role demands. \"I wouldn't mind a role where my character progresses into fatherhood over time, but to play the role of a doting parent from the beginning of a series is a big no. I don't want to belong there yet\", he says with the fortitude of a teenaged rebel.Currently in the news for appearing on the Survivor India series, Rajesh is ready to go the whole hog if an equally challenging role comes his way. Talking about the show he says it was a first time thing for him to experience hunger in its brutal avatar. \"These were not mere hunger pangs like we feel every other day, when we miss a meal due to some commitments, but asal bhookhmari. I absolutely loved coming face-to-face with one of man's basic survival needs. The one thing I couldn't come to terms with after the show was, my appearance. I had lost a lot of weight in the show and was looking anemic. I hated what I saw in the mirror so the first thing I did after the shoot was to go to my mother's place in Pune and hog like never before\", he chuckles.On a more introspective note he says \"I feel an actor is privileged to be in a position to live a new life every time he dons the greasepaint. An adventure-addict, Rajesh loves the outdoors and has grown-up in the greens and the wilderness. There is no substitute for natural beauty he feels and strongly opposes the diminishing green cover.He has loved his tryst in the world of make-believe and is eagerly looking forward to his role in director Deepa Mehta's adaptation of Salman Rushdie's Midnight's Children , which he believes will be his window to Hollywood.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958175", "title": "Petrol pump worker held for cheating", "text": "PUNE: An employee of a petrol station on Ganeshkhind Road was arrested for allegedly duping the owner of the station to the tune of Rs 5.8 lakh between August 2010 and February 9, 2012.\"The suspect, Devendra alias Ajay Sham Parmar (33) of Patil Estate, has been working as a labourer at Sangoi service station for the past 14 years,\" said sub-inspector R J Karpe of Shivajinagar police station.Parmar was assigned to fill petrol in vehicles, Karpe said. \"Some employees of an Aurangabad-based private company used to pay petrol bills by petro cards. Parmar would recharge their petro cards by taking cash from them, but he did not hand over the cash to the owner of the petrol station, Bharat Sangoi of Bhosalenagar.\"\"The fraud came to light during the audit this month. Parmar did not deposit the money he collected by recharging the petro cards since August 2010,\" Karpe said.\"Sangoi then lodged a complaint against Parmar. We arrested him on Saturday. We are yet to recover the cash from him,\" Karpe said.Parmar was produced before the court on Sunday and remanded to police custody till February 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11954826", "title": "State looks to raise revenue with metro rail", "text": "CHENNAI: As the metro rail chugs along a 45km stretch across Chennai, it may open up a gold mine for the state government and provide the city a whole new look.The government chanced upon the financial potential of the metro rail while examining a proposal from Chennai Metro Rail Limited (CMRL) to introduce additional floor space index (FSI is the ratio of land area to the built-up area) within 500 metres of the metro corridor. The proposal, which came up for discussion at a CMRL committee meeting, headed by chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi on February 14, has been forwarded to the Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority for commissioning a detailed study. \"We expect the report to be ready in three months,\" said a senior official.The potential for revenue generation through selling space is staggering. CMDA usually gives FSI of 2.5 for high-rise buildings in the city. If it is increased by 1.5 FSI along the metro corridor, the state can generate up to Rs 2.5 lakh crore in revenues (by adopting the yardstick of the prevailing premium FSI scheme). If the FSI is increased by 2.5, the revenue will go up to Rs 4 lakh crore. Bangalore metro corridor is also working on a higher FSI model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955616", "title": "\u2018Speaker has no statutory power to bar press meets\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Speaker Biman Banerjee defended his missive to bar press meets in the assembly when it is not in session.\"The assembly is not a club house. It should have certain rules. The rule does not only bar the Left, but all others. The press meet on Thursday (a reference to Surjya Kanta Mishra's media interaction) continued till 6.20pm, well beyond office hours. The media centre was set up by us and the assembly records will testify how much time the opposition gets in House ,\" he said.Mishra said, \"The House belongs to the opposition. Even the CM said the opposition should get enough opportunity and this is how we are being treated.\" Former Speaker Hasim Abdul Halim held that the Speaker has no such constitutional authority. \"People's representatives have the right to express their views. The situation may arise even when the House is not in session. Now if the leader of the opposition is not allowed to hold a press meet, where will he do so - in the Maidan?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11957752", "title": "Naga body to screen illegal immigrants", "text": "DIMAPUR: In the aftermath of the February 6 gangrape of a Naga woman by 5 illegal immigrants in Dimapur, the Public Action Committee on Illegal Immigrants Detection, Dimapur (PAC) has resolved to monitor and screen illegal immigrants.The PAC, at a meeting held on February 16, decided to enroll and register permanent Muslim settlers of Dimapur to segregate illegal migrants and protect the identity and privilege of original Muslim settlers here.It also notified all original/permanent Muslim settlers of Dimapur to obtain a prescribed Form from the office of the Naga Council, Dimapur, and submit duly filled forms within March 10.Any citizen claiming to be original/permanent Muslim settler of Dimapur found not possessing proper documents would be deemed as an illegal immigrant and would be referred to the authorities concerned for necessary action, the meeting resolved. The members of the Youth Association of Nagaland under Public Action Committee shall assist the authorities concerned authorities for the same.The PAC further reiterated that ILP and passport control units be set up at Dimapur Railway Station, Dillai Gate, Nagaland Gate (Golaghat Rd).\"ILP's original purpose being to protect the tribal Nagas, the current alarming trend of unabated influx of illegal migrants has virtually damaged society and it is high the government, citizens and leaders alike wake up to the situation and enforce ILP at the stated entry points,\" it said.The PAC, on behalf of all Nagas, reaffirmed its appreciation and solidarity with all non-Nagas who maintained cordial relations with the Nagas and also have respect for their culture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11958015", "title": "It's a pothole, so not our concern: BWSSB", "text": "BANGALORE: The manhole on Seppings Road in Coles Park area which was covered by a Good Samaritan with a chair is actually a pothole, BWSSB has claimed and said it has nothing to do with it.Assistant executive engineer Shashidhar G and area corporator Fareeda had promised to examine the issue. When TOI informed officials about a chair placed on the manhole, authorities woke up.\"I immediately sent a junior engineer to the spot. He found it was not a manhole. It was only a pothole, deeper than the usual ones, which was covered by chair,\" said Shashidhar G, BWSSB AEE of the Coles Park service station. He went to the spot on Sunday morning and discovered it was a pothole.Shivajinagar corporator Fareeda , who had promised to investigate the matter, seemed to be unaware of the situation on Sunday. She asked TOI to contact her husband, who had sent a person to check out the problem on Saturday night.\"Some employees of car-cleaning garage dug the pothole because there was waterlogging on the road. The boys were scared, so they did not inform anybody. We filled it on Sunday with sand and 2 to 3 bricks. There is nothing to worry,\" said Ishtiyaq, Fareeda's husband.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960980", "title": "Ranbir is a very dedicated actor: Aditi Rao Hydar", "text": "Aditi Rao Hydari gets candid about her on-screen chemistry, casting couch issues and lovemaking scene in her next London, Paris , New YorkYou have acted with three good-looking men - Abhishek Bachchan , Ranbir Kapoor, Ali Zafar - in quick succession. Who made you go weak in the knees the most? If you're asking me whether I was getting involved with them, my answer is 'No'. In fact, I strongly feel that if you want the on-screen chemistry to be good, you shouldn't get involved with your co-actors (pauses). But in this case, I would like to add 'Never say never'. But yes, my chemistry with Zafar was very good. That's perhaps because I spent the longest time with him.You also kissed Ranbir Kapoor in Rockstar , who is known to be quite a flirt... Ranbir is a very dedicated actor. Once the camera is on, he flirts only with the camera. But think of it, whether knowingly or unknowingly, everybody flirts a bit. That's natural energy, I guessBut you were quite uncomfortable while doing a lovemaking scene with him for your forthcoming film, London, Paris, New York (LPNY)? I had issues with it. One, it should be shot aesthetically. Two, it should be done only if it is taking the story forward. Once the director, Anu Menon, convinced me, I was okay with it. As for the film, I am very happy with it. Goldie Behl and Shrishti Arya provided wonderful support. I play a girl who starts off being idealistic but changes with time. I am quite idealistic in real life too.How are you going to cope with the casting couch? About casting couch, I shall not compromise; I shall keep my environment clean.Also,now that you've done your first lead role (LPNY), would you play a sidekick again? As far as possible, I would like to stick to lead roles. My two earlier films, Dilli 6 and Rockstar, certainly provided me the window that I was looking for. A lead role is far more fulfilling. It not only allows you to dance but also to portray a gamut of emotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955071", "title": "Students push corpn\u2019s polio drive", "text": "CHENNAI: The Chennai corporation administered polio vaccinations to 4.41 lakh children on Sunday, covering 90.6% of all the children under the age of five in the city. The rest of the children will be vaccinated within a week.From Monday, as part of the corporation's intensified pulse polio campaign, nurses along with students from corporation schools and colleges will go from door to door to make sure all children are vaccinated. \"This is when student volunteers will be of most help. We will have to cover apartments and check from house to house to see that all the children have been administered the vaccine,\" said G Sheela, a zonal medical officer, at the Saidapet immunization post.The students were enthusiastic about taking part in the drive even though it was a Sunday. \"I feel like I'm doing something productive. I have also learnt a lot while training for the campaign,\" said K Dhanasekhar, a Class 11 student of a corporation school in Saidapet.\"We will give priority to construction labourers as they have migrated from other places,\" said a doctor taking part in the vaccination drive .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957077", "title": "Rajpal owes fitness to Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The day he forgets the way to Panjab University sports ground, former India hockey captain Rajpal Singh would end up losing his fitness is how the 'electric winger' expresses his association with the varsity.He has been a regular practitioner at the PU grounds over the last 11 years having started when he was still in school. A student of MPEd at the varsity now, Rajpal, who led India to clinch gold at the Azlan Shah Cup-2010 and Asian Champions Trophy in 2011, says he owes his fitness to PU.Talking about Panjab University, former India hockey captain Rajpal Singh says, \"I used to come here twice or thrice a day for practice during my college days.\" While working out under the supervision of coach Gurmeet Singh, the head of department of physical education, PU, he adds: \"For sportspersons, fitness is like a current account. We have to work on it every single day and improve it as we age.\"Rajpal had missed his BA-II exams from SGGS College-26 due to a crucial tournament he was playing in 2004. The Arjuna awardee then completed his graduation through PU correspondence course and enrolled for Bachelors in Physical Education (BPEd) at PU in 2010. He began his MPEd in 2011.\"I grasped the intricacies of team management and sports psychology with help of the theoretical study. I even learnt how to overcome a 'plateau' in sports in order to stretch your performance once you are playing your best,\" adds Rajpal.Gurmeet says even the best players reach their peak at times. They then have to understand the techniques which would help them exceed this level and grow further, he adds. Gurmeet helps Rajpal with fitness training and conditioning whenever he is here.\"His dedication and sincerity towards the game is unmatched. His academic association with PU continues because of his enthusiasm to pursue education,\" says the coach. Rajpal was a special invitee at PU's annual convocation last year where he was awarded his Bachelors degree in Arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "11958300", "title": "DFO &amp; forest guards at loggerheads", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Divisional forest officer (DFO-buffer) Anil Mishra and Jharkhand Van Shramik Union president Sidh Nath Jha are at loggerheads. About 157 contractual workers, daily wage-earners of the Palamu Tiger Reserve are on a dharna for past nine days.The officer and the union are at loggerheads on the issue of removal of three daily wage workers from the reserve. The workers removed are Sidh Nath Jha, Green Ram and Mukut Stephen Tirkey. Mishra said, \"I had removed four daily wagers. But intriguingly these union people are making noises about only three.\" Mishra could not recollect the name of the fourth one removed by him.\"Jha is the state president of the Jharkhand Van Shramik Union. He does not work at all. Jha's plea is that he is the head of the union so he be exempted from doing work as a daily wager,\" said the DFO adding that should a contractual worker (daily wage earner) be paid government money in terms of wages if the person concerned has not done any work at all?.The DFO reiterated this union president would not be paid wages at all for the period he has not done work. Jha's non performing days are being counted and now he stands removed from the tiger reserve.Jha concedes his removal is unjust. He said, \"We want all removed to be taken in the PTR.\" When asked as to why he does not work like other daily wagers Jha said, \"Being the state president of Van Shramik Union there is hardly any time left for doing but my presence in PTR helps other daily wagers to work more sincerely.\"On the reason for removing the other two daily workers the DFO said that Green Ram and Mukut Stephen Tirkey have been removed for selling precious woods/trees of PTR to local carpenters in villages situated in and around the PTR.However Jha defended them saying, \"The daily wagers are a victim of conspiracy of either forest guards or rangers as when ever these daily wagers point fingers towards corruption in PTR the forest guards and rangers start waging war against daily wagers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11958177", "title": "Encroachment removed from 25 acres", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The district administration has made around 25 acres of land encroachment-free during a drive at Charhi on Sunday. The land originally belonged to the agricultural farm yard of the agriculture department .Police sources said the land was illegally sold by the mafia to various organizations including a girls' high school run by a missionary. The school was there for more than two decades. The land was sold on forged document.The anti-encroachment drive was led jointly by block development officer of Churchu A Besra and officer in charge of Charhi police station Binod Kumar Singh.\"When the agricultural department asked the occupants to vacate the land, it was ignored. The matter then went to the commissioner of north Chotonagpur division. The district's deputy commissioner after the inquiry found the claims of the agricultural department true and recommended for handing over the land to the agricultural farm,\" said a source.The officer in charge of Charhi police station said when all the notices for vacating the land were ignored; police launched a massive drive and broke all the illegal constructions including the portion of school, houses, shops and motor garages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "11957104", "title": "Fire leaves 2 cops with serious burns", "text": "PANCHKULA: In a mysterious fire, two security cops posted outside the residence of former Punjab director general of police (DGP), S V Singh, suffered serious burns injuries in the wee hours of Sunday. The two, identified as Multan Singh and Harjeet Singh, were sleeping in their tent outside the former DGP's bungalow when the incident occurred. Police are suspecting foul play because of the presence of kerosene fumes.The cops were rushed to a private hospital from where they were referred to PGI, where their condition is said to be critical. \"It was early morning when people heard a blast followed by shrieks. But by the time anyone could help them, they were severely burnt,\" said sub-inspector Rajesh Kumar of Chandimandir police station.He added they will record their statement once the injured are stable. \"Hospital authorities confirmed smell of kerosene from their bodies. However, no definite reason can be given yet,\" said another officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957031", "title": "'Come clean on students' death'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Various Marwari groups from the Koti, Sultan Bazar area have come forward to support Gayatri Tiwari, mother of Kartik Tiwari who died allegedly due to teachers' negligence during a school trip to Gujarat. Gayatri and her family with the help of a parents' association in the city have been trying to urge the authorities of Shri Gujarati Vidya Mandir High School, Koti to give them a clear and detailed account of what exactly caused Kartik's untimely death, but in vain.The Sikhwal Brahmin Samaj, to which the Tiwari family belongs, has decided to hold a meeting with the leaders and representatives of other groups such as the Maheshwari Samaj and the Maali Samaj soon. Two Class X students of the school, Karik and Dharmesh Patel, died during an excursion to Gujarat last month.Nandgopal Bhattad of Maheshwari Samaj said, \"After the meeting of the heads of various Samajs, we are planning to hold a meeting with the parents of other students of the same .\" They have also filed a petition with the chief justice of AP High Court regarding the matter and are awaiting a response.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11965256", "title": "Idiots like me imitate Dilip Kumar: Shah Rukh Khan", "text": "Actor Shah Rukh Khan seemed to be upbeat when we interacted with him at the launch of the Devdas book only recently.Shah Rukh Khan, whose Don 2 released in December 2011, is often compared to stalwarts who worked in the originals. Shah Rukh Khan has acted in Devdas' remake and also in the Don remake. When he came to launch the dialogue book of Devdas, he was asked to imitate Amitabh Bachchan and deliver a dialogue from Don 2 the way Big B would have.And the next request was that Shah Rukh deliver a dialogue from Devdas the way Dilip Kumar (who acted in the original Devdas) would've. While Shah Rukh began with his clarification, \"Amitji is a legend and he is our inspiration. His work was far and way better than ours. What we tried to do was simply attempt.\" Shah Rukh then went on to imitate Amitabh.When he was asked to imitate Dilip Kumar, after much coaxing, he said in typical Dilip Kumar style, \"Kisi bhi kambakhat ki yeh himmat nahin hoti ki Dilip saab ko copy karein, aur jo bhi copy karte hain woh Idiots hote hain, mere jaise...\" (Nobody has the guts to imitate Dilip saab, and whoever does they are idiots, like me!)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955272", "title": "Vaiko puts spanner in Karuna\u2019s plan for common candidate", "text": "CHENNAI: DMK president M Karunanidhi hinted on Sunday that his party is ready to consider fielding a common opposition candidate for the Sankarankoil by-election scheduled on March 18. \"If the opposition parties consider this factor of need to prevent vote splitting, then we also would think and take a decision,\" Karunanidhi said responding to a question on the outcome of a multi-cornered contest. But the possibility of putting up a common candidate to pose a strong challenge to the AIADMK nominee S Muthuselvi, chairperson of the Sankarankoil municipality, appears to be a non-starter with the MDMK declaring its own candidate.MDMK general secretary Vaiko announced later in the day in Chennai that former MLA Sathan Thirumalaikumar would be his candidate for the by-poll. With the main opposition party in the assembly, DMDK yet to decide its stand and likely to declare it at the party's upcoming general council meeting on Tuesday, Karunanidhi may have thrown a broad hint hoping to win over Vijayakanth's party to his line of thinking, a senior politician commented. DMK had announced advocate Jawahar Suryakumar as its candidate a couple of days ago.\"Our success in Sankarankoil would be a warning bell to the ruling government. The government does not consider people's suffering. Also, the Centre has been ignoring Tamil Nadu issues but the DMK continues its alliance with the UPA. We would address all these issues and we hope there will be a chance to enter the state assembly,\" Vaiko said. MDMK MLA Thirumalaikumar had thrice contested for the state assembly and was elected once from Vasudevanallur constituency in 2006. He unsuccessfully contested from Sankarankoil in the 2001 assembly elections.Sources in MDMK said they will not withdraw their candidate. \"Our candidate Thirumalaikumar had secured about 21,000 votes here in 2001. Vaiko's native village Kalingapatti comes under Sankarnkoil. We have a good vote bank in the Kuruvikulam which was included in the constituency after delimitation. More over, we have recently passed a resolution in our General Council seeking support of other parties. If anyone comes forward to support us, we welcome them. We will not withdraw our candidate,\" a senior MDMK leader said.A senior DMK MP said, \"We have been performing well in the constituency. We will not withdraw our candidate.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957736", "title": "Yeddyurappa now finds support in his b\u00eate noire", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has found support from an unexpected quarter in his shadow boxing against chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda.Yeddyurappa's bete noire and fellow Lingayat, Jagadish Shettar, rural development and panchayat raj minister, has jumped on to the bandwagon of Gowda baitors.Shettar has reportedly expressed dissatisfaction over Gowda ignoring him while taking key decisions. Sources close to Shettar said the triumvirate of Gowda, state BJP chief KS Eshwarappa and BJP organizing secretary Santosh was running the government and the party as their private fiefdom.\"He (Shettar) was not consulted during Upa Lokayukta Justice Chandrashekaraiah's appointment. He is not even informed about postings in his department. Besides, Gowda is making confusing statements on cabinet expansion without taking the core committee's approval,\" they explained.Shettar is apparently angrier with Gowda than the other two leaders given that they were rivals for the CM's post. He is soon expected to take his complaint to the BJP higher-ups . Party insiders see in Shettar's dissent an attempt to get close to Yeddyurappa. If Gowda is replaced, Shettar sees himself to stand a good chance as he is a Lingayat and wants to negate any opposition from Yeddyurappa.Aware of the axis developing between the two Lingayat leaders, Gowda said in Tumkur: \"Though I am doing lots of good work, I don't have peace of mind. Without peace of mind nothing special can be achieved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957127", "title": "Pipeline repaired, supply restored", "text": "HYDERABAD: After efforts that lasted 30 hours, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWS&SB;) on Sunday afternoon managed to plug the leak in the water pipeline near Punjagutta crossroads to restore water supply.A Manjira water pipeline suffered a breach near the Punjagutta flyover on Saturday at around 8 in the morning with the leaking water soon inundating the road.\"We laid a new pipeline and conducted necessary tests to restore water supply by 2pm,\" HMWS&SB; general manager A Krishna told TOI. However, the stretch was still far from motorable on Sunday.Electrical cables of the Central Power Distribution Company Ltd (CPDCL) had delayed repairs on Saturday.\"We asked CPDCL to shut power for a few hours in order that we may repair the damage to the pipeline,\" Krishna added.Water supply has been restored for the Somajiguda, Kundan Bagh, SRT Colony, BS Maktha, MS Maktha, Ameerpet, Umanagar, Tummalabasthi, Sheesh Mahal and Ambedkar Nagar areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11956813", "title": "City, Scotland school kids join hands for forest conservation", "text": "VADODARA: 'Forests too have the right to live and flourish' - this is the message students of a city-based school will propagate through their forest conservation campaign. This eco-friendly drive will be conducted in collaboration with Dumbarton Academy in Dumbarton in Scotland and New Era Senior Secondary School as part of Global Curriculum Project (GCP). The focal theme of the project is sustainable development with particular focus on forestry. As part of this international collaboration students from New Era School have created a profile of the forest cover at Sindhrot capturing interesting details of flora and fauna at that area.\"As part of GCP, we have taken sustainable development as the main theme with special focus on forest conservation. The idea is to imbibe in children the need to maintain the balance in eco-system and that starts from protecting the forest. Students from the eco-club have been working closely with school teachers and their global counterparts to evolve conservation plan,\" shared coordinator of New Era Senior Secondary School, Pradnya Gokhale.A fruitful outcome of this global partnership has come out with a calendar designed and conceptualized by the students under the guidance of art teacher Shanta Samanta to raise awareness. \"The calendar has paintings done by our students and prize winning photographs sent by Dumbarton Academy depicting the ecology and wildlife in the forests. The proceeds from sale of calendar have been used to adopt a black buck and lorikeet at Kamatibaug Zoo in the city,\" added Gokhale.Gokhale shared that the idea of coming up calendars has been liked by their global counterparts. \"This idea is likely to be replicated by several schools abroad to raise awareness and funds for forest conservation. In the coming months we are going to conduct several talks and events in order to make common public aware about the need to conserve forests,\" she said.Students who have joined for this eco-initiative are enthusiastically working to design innovative events. Devjani Mondal who is part of eco-club said, \"I painted image of a jelly with giant panda in it with people devouring the dish. The idea is to show that people should not slaughter animals in the name of enjoying delicacies. Through this project we are getting to do our bit to preserve the forest and animals residing in it. Like us forests to have the right to live.\"\"Forest conservation is part of school curriculum. Through this project, we want to show the practical applications of this concept,\" added teaching faculty Geeta Iyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11962504", "title": "21 textile dyeing units sealed in Tamil Nadu", "text": "ERODE: Twenty one textile dyeing and processing units in Erode were sealed on Monday by Pollution Control Board and revenue officials for alleged violation of pollution norms and their power supply disconnected.One of the major violations was non installation of Reverse Osmosis plants (zero discharge unit), officials saidThe Board had a few months back issued show cause notices to 95 textile dyeing units in and around Erode for non compliance of norms.Already 74 such textile processing and dyeing units have been sealed and power supply has been disconnected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957058", "title": "Few colleges opting for autonomy", "text": "MUMBAI: Even though there are over 3,000 colleges in the state, only 10 applications seeking autonomy have been sent to the UGC in the past one year.Many colleges are hesitant to apply because of various apprehensions, such as teachers' concern about increased workload, and managements' concerns that with autonomy, their ownership over the institute would get diluted. Around 20 colleges, mostly engineering, of the 350-odd autonomous colleges in India are from Maharashtra. Tamil Nadu has the largest pool of 150 autonomous colleges, while Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Orissa follow.\"This (Maharashtra's figure) is low compared to the size of the state in the field of higher education,\" said G Srinivas, joint secretary of the UGC regional centres, on the sidelines of a two-day conference on Sunday, that was organized by a forum of principals .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957985", "title": "5.5 lakh children get the 'two drops of life'", "text": "BANGALORE: 5,51,337 children under the age of five were administered polio drops in the city on Sunday in the first such campaign in 2012 to orally vaccinate kids against the disease-causing virus in the intestinal system.The Bruhat Bangalore Mahanagara Palike (BBMP) said the target achieved was 84.75%.The campaign aimed at vaccinating 6,50,592 children below the age of five kickstarted at 8am. Parents queued up at 1,800 booths set up across the city since morning to get their children those 'two drops of life' . Over 350 mobile polio vans were on the roll to ensure that every nook and corner of the city was reached.'' We had 84,000 medical, paramedical and other support staff manning these booths,'' said Dr Manjula , chief medical officer, BBMP.Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda joined the campaign by personally administering polio drops to children at his official residence, Krishna , on Kumara Krupa Road.His cabinet colleague R Ashoka and mayor R Sharadamma also took part in the campaign.The booths remained open till 5pm. Those at bus and railway stations , maternity wards of government hospitals and nursing homes will run for 24 hours, health officials said.Across Karnataka, 31,410 vaccination booths were set up with 98,790 staff members manning them. Special teams were deployed to reach inaccessible areas in the hinterland. There will be a door-to-door campaign during the next three days.It Was Incident-FreeNo problems or ill-effects of the medicines were reported from anywhere in the city.The health and family welfare department had set up rapid response teams to handle such contingencies. These teams included paediatricians, epidemiologists and other government hospital staffers.A panic of sorts had gripped Bangalore, Mysore and other cities of southern Karnataka in December 2008 when rumours of children falling ill after being administered polio drops spread. Several hospitals had been attacked in the unrest that ensued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956596", "title": "Weather flip-flop confuses residents", "text": "LUDHIANA: Just when city residents were beginning to believe that winters have bid adieu, came the turnaround. After many days of hot mornings and increasing temperature, the sky turned overcast on Sunday, bringing down the temperature in city. Says 43-year-old Tarvinder Singh, a real estate advisor and resident of BRS Nagar, \"For the last some days, the days were hot but on Sunday, all of a sudden, there were clouds in the sky and temperature dipped again. February is usually not cold and the climate starts changing during this month but this year the temperature is pulsating between high and low.\"He feels it's due to these sudden changes in the temperature that he and his son, Karanbir, caught viral fever. \"I fear my wife and daughter Jasdeep will also catch fever, as the infection has its roots in this kind of uncertain weather,\" he says.Lucky Khanna, a businessman of Chandan Nagar, says, \"It has been a precedent over the years that it mostly rains during the holy festival of Shivratri. Since the festival is being celebrated on Monday, the weather has suddenly becoming cloudy and there are chances of rain to substantiate this fact. Having said that I haven't seen such weather in February for years now.\"Manjit Kaur, a homemaker of BRS Nagar, says, \"We are fed up of the cold weather now. Now when the temperature was increasing with every passing day, we were hoping that the days and weather will become pleasant but I think we will have to wait some more for pleasant weather. Even if it rains, it is good for the residents, as the chances of falling ill are minimized.\"K K Gill, associate agro-meteorologist at PAU says, \"After four years, there is so much of chill in the air in the month of February. In the last week of February in 2008, the temperature was below 2 degrees celsius and the same chilly conditions are repeating now. The present chill is due to western disturbance. The extreme weather condition in Europe and even in adjoining Himachal Pradesh is having its impact on the weather here.\"Dr Amit Bery, general physician at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH) says, \"The uncertain weather conditions prevailing this February have its impact on the residents. The number of cases of respiratory infections and viral fever has shot up by at least 20% during the month.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957190", "title": "Non-discharge of duty akin to injury: Court", "text": "MUMBAI: The 2009 changes in CrPC, introduced by the Centre, allowed \"victims'' of corruption demands to file an appeal without the nod of the police. They could challenge acquittals or judgments which convicted the accused for a lesser offence or if the compensation ordered was inadequate. The victims could not however appeal against the quantum of sentence awarded by a court. Advocates for the accused government officers in the present case argued that a complainant in a case under the special anti-corruption law could not be considered as a \"victim'' as he or she did not suffer any loss or injury.This argument was dismissed by the court which pointed out that the special law allowed a person to file a complaint against a public servant who demands a bribe. \"The loss or injury caused, therefore, in such a case cannot be equated with loss or injury caused in the case where the person is inflicted a physical injury or wrongful loss is caused to his property as in the case where a complaint of cheating is filed,\" said the court. The judges said that injury in cases filed under the anti-graft law \"is caused by the public servant in not discharging his duty\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11956954", "title": "Musical end to 2-day fest", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The two-day inter-college youth festival 'Elation' organized by Amity Global Business School, Chandigarh, concluded on Sunday with a thunderous performance by Lakhwinder Wadali at a mall in Zirakpur.The day began with RJing and rock band competitions providing the mall goers with a dose of musical extravaganza. Wadali treated his audience to soulful melodies.Over 500 students of 45 institutes from across the region participated in the management cum cultural fest of Amity, Chandigarh. Dr Shivali, dean, Amity, Chandigarh, encouraged the participating teams and awarded the winners.Seminar at MCMMCM DAV College for Women-36 organized a national seminar on 'Bridging gaps between science, nature and society'.The seminar was sponsored by PU College Development Council to instigate hope in a world that is torn apart by diverse opinions on the relationship between science and nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956385", "title": "Electronic beams for vegetable market", "text": "INDORE: The scientists at Raja Ramanna Centre for Advanced Technology (RRCAT) are now developing electronic beam for the market. This would help the vendors at the main vegetable market near Choithram hospital.The technology would help vendors increase the shelf life of vegetables and replace the existing system of preservation in which the nuclear active element -- cobalt -- is being used.Talking to reporters on the sidelines of the CAT Foundation Day celebration, the director, P D Gupta said, \"The technology is being developed by the Agriculture Radiation Processing Facility (ARPF) of the centre. It will initially be in the form of a technology demonstration plan.\"The Atomic Energy Commission (AEC) has already successfully experimented with the technology in Navi Mumbai and Indore's vegetable market is the next.Gupta informed that the development of technology for Indore's vegetable market is under progress and it would take some more time to fully develop it. CAT is collaborating with the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) for the development of the technology keeping in view the requirement of local vegetable market. The technology, once set up at the vegetable market, can also help preserve food grains for several days, Gupta added.In addition to these, the food grains damaged due to birds' droppings can regain freshness after being passed through the electronic beam, Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11956987", "title": "'Treasure hunt' yields nothing", "text": "HYDERABAD: The mega 'treasure hunt', which the archaeology department took up on Saturday, failed to yield any result till late on Sunday evening. Even after 28 hours of digging, the department could not find even a hint of treasure. The much enthused department officials have, however, decided to go ahead with the exploration as according to them, it is \"necessary to ascertain facts behind the claim\".Officials started the excavation on the premises of Vidyaranya School, Saifabad, on Saturday after nine people, who claimed to have seen the treasure, petitioned them about the same on February 17. On Sunday, the digging which started at 10 am in the presence of archaeology department officials, city police personnel and members of Intach, went on till late in the night under flood lights provided by the school. Officials said in the days to come, more workers will be pressed into action for excavation. Meanwhile, mason Mallesh, who originally 'spotted' the treasure, came to the school on Sunday and identified another spot to be dug up on Monday. The property is currently owned by the family of Raja Rameswara Rao -III of the Wanaparthy Samasthana, who are currently running the school.Even while the project is being undertaken by the department, independent archaeology and heritage experts on Sunday raised questions about whether such a massive search was warranted soon after a petition was filed. Also, the owners of the plot and heirs of the Wanaparthy Samasthana said that the direct descendent and the last crowned prince of the Samasthana, Raja Rameswara Rao-III, died just a decade ago and it was highly improbable for his relatives to not have known about the existence of such a treasure, if it ever existed.Interestingly, even the petitioners seemed unsure where they had spotted the treasure, as the point of excavation shifted from an elevated rocky terrain to a lower soft soil terrain on Sunday.Heritage experts from the city, however, called the exercise a wild goose chase. Doubting the petitioners' claim, experts said that while the site is a \"bunker-prone area\", valuable articles were not found in this area.Meanwhile, D S Raju, one of the petitioners, said that he had seen the treasure and is hopeful to find it. But, experts raised questions about why the petitioners had not informed the archaeology department earlier, since they had information about the treasure four years ago. However, Chenna Reddy, director of state archaeology department, said that since the department has got a petition there is a need to investigate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957619", "title": "Manas gets four rhinos from Kaziranga", "text": "GUWAHATI: Four rhinos, captured after a six-hour operation in Kaziranga National Park on Sunday, are being transported to Manas National Park under the Indian Rhino Vision (IRV) 2020 project.The rhinos, captured on Sunday, will be released in Manas on Monday as part of an exercise of repopulating the park with one-horned pachyderms under the IRV project. IRV, which envisages increasing the rhino population in the state to 3,000 by 2020, is a joint programme of the state forest department, the International Rhino Foundation and WWF-India.Special trucks carrying the animals have already started off on their way to Manas under the security of Assam Police and constant monitoring by a team of veterinary doctors.The rhinos - three female and one adult - were captured at the Bagori forest range of Kaziranga. This is the first time rhinos captured from the wild in Kaziranga are being transported to Manas, covering a distance of nearly 400 km.\"It was a smooth operation. The district administration, the police and local people cooperated with us in the exercise of capturing the rhinos in Kaziranga,\" the park's chief wildlife warden Suresh Chand said.With a population of over 2,000 rhinos in 430 sq km area, Kaziranga is ready to spare more one-horned pachyderms. Six more rhinos are expected to be captured in the national park within this month. \"If everything goes well, we want to translocate six more rhinos from Kaziranga this month alone,\" Chand added.Under the IRV project, 10 rhinos have already been translocated to Manas from Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary, about 50 km from here. With the four rhinos from Kaziranga, the population of one-horned pachyderms in Manas will go up to 14.Manas witnessed a spate of law and order disturbances in the 80s and early 90s, during which all the rhinos at the national park were wiped out by poachers. This caused Manas to be tagged a 'World Heritage Site in Danger'. However, with the successful introduction of rhinos and improvement in conservation management of other animals, Manas got back its World Heritage Site status last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957197", "title": "Union Territory officer's car injures youths", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Two unidentified youths were injured in a road accident when their motorcycle was hit by the Innova of an asssistant estate officer, Rahul Gupta near IT park, Manimajra, Sunday night.The youths were coming from IT Park on their bike.Sources said Gupta, was in the car along with his family. Eyewitnesses said the car bore a blue beacon, which was immediately removed after the accident.Personnel from police station, Manimajra, rushed to the spot and admitted the injured youths in GMH-16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957623", "title": "Genius of humour works against all 'aads' !", "text": "BANGALORE: Don't waste your time, push on. That's what Doodu Chittappa aka RK Laxman told his nephew RS Krishnaswamy when they last took a walk to Mysore railway station back in the 1980s. \"For some reason, he said come let us go to the station. On arriving there, we saw an old goods wagon with a message on it - 'Perishable goods, push on' . So 'chittappa' immediately said, 'This the ultimate philosophy of life - as you grow old, don't waste time, simply push on!\" laughs Krishnaswamy.Laxman is a person of instant genius , confirms his nephew. Such intellect is obvious even in his doodles, which are being exhibited at the Indian Cartoon Gallery. Straight out of Krishnaswamy's father, RK Srinivasan's scrapbook, these are up for public view now, thanks to a chance mention to VG Narendra, managing trustee, Indian Cartoon Gallery.\"Doodu Chittappa and I were with Narendra, and I happened to accidentally mention the scrapbook. Doodu immediately shot it down saying the doodles don't mean anything,\" says Krishnaswamy. \"But Narendra pursued it, got hold of the original works, reworked them, put them in a spiral-bound book and took them to Pune, where Doodu lives. Chittappa was pleased with the resurrection and gave his nod for the exhibition.\"So, with the launch of Doodu's Doodles on Saturday, in the presence of litterateur Girish Karnad and former chief justice of India Justice MS Venkatachaliah, the city is up for a laughter riot.Humour runs in our genes, says Krishnaswamy. \"We lived in a joint family and all three brothers - Narayan, Srinivasan and Laxman - wandered the streets of Mysore in a 'kanna pinna' (haphazard) manner, peering into peoples' houses. Then they would start making up stories about the inhabitants. Laxman would say: 'I'm sure this guy's name is Krishnappa and he works for the municipality .' Narayan would add: 'No I say, his wife looks angry, I'm sure he doesn't go to work' . So rib-tickling stories and doodles would emerge.\"When Laxman worked with The Times of India, he'd take 15 days off work in Mumbai and spend time at home with his brothers. \"But he could never resist doodling,\" says Krishnaswamy . '' My father gave him a scrapbook in which he doodled between December 15, 1975 and October 14, 1991. My father passed away 10 days after that and the book was in my custody, quite forgotten, until a couple of years ago. Some of the works are so beautiful, even Chittappa doesn't recall them!\"Up for preview is the evolution of former Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao from a fish to a tadpole, Indira Gandhi walking on barbed wire after the Emergency and a host of other whacky, insightful doodles.\"They make you laugh,\" says Krishnaswamy . \"In fact, the moment I see Doodu, I feel like laughing - it takes me back to a drive with the family from Bangalore to Mysore, when a herd of goats blocked our path. As I tried negotiating the way, Doodu said: 'Aads (goats) are against us, vuttudu (give up)!\" And then of course, we burst out laughing!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957032", "title": "Patron finds dead roach in club sandwich", "text": "MUMBAI: A south Mumbai resident, who went to Catholic Gymkhana on Saturday night, found a dead cockroach in his sandwich. The club authorities, however, said they were unaware of the incident, but if it turned out to be true, they would look into it.Maclon Estibeiro, who is in Merchant Navy, is a regular at Catholic Gymkhana at Marine Lines, one of the oldest clubs in the city. \"I ordered a Canadian club sandwich. When I opened the foil, I was stunned to find a dead cockroach inside,\" said Estibeiro. \"I looked for the manager, but he wasn't there. I left a complaint in the remark book, but no one has got back to me.\"Club president V Rodrigues said he was unaware of this. \"I was not around on Saturday night, and no one told me anything on Sunday morning when I went to the gymkhana. If the incident is true, it is regrettable and needs to be looked into. Estibeiro should have approached the Food and Beverages Committee. He can also come to me,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11956576", "title": "5 kids buried alive under sand mound", "text": "RAJKOT: Five children, including four girls, were buried alive under a sand mound near the coastal village of Agatariya, 9 km away from Mahuva town in Bhavnagar district, on Sunday morning.According to inspector R B Gohil of Mahuva taluka police station, four kids from Agatariya village and one from Khared village were returning home after gathering wood when they came across a cave-type sand mound. \"They were playing under it when the mound collapsed at around 10 am,'' Gohil said.He said the incident went unnoticed till noon when a villager looking for the children, all around ten years of age, spotted their slippers which they had removed before playing. \"The villagers dug out the sand and found the bodies of the children.\"\"All the children were brought to the government hospital in Mahuva but doctors declared them brought dead,\" Gohil added.The deceased have been identified as Neha Makwana (10), Mamta Makwana(10), Shobhna Makwana(8), Mahipat Makwana (10) and Sonal Bhil (10). \"We have filed a complaint of accidental death and are investigating the case,'' said Gohil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955841", "title": "Leopard kills shepherd in forest near Chandori", "text": "BHANDARA A 40-year-old shepherd was killed by a leopard in the forest near village Chandori on Friday.However, the incident came to light on Saturday, when villagers - who went to search the deceased - found his mutilated body.Adku Raut, resident of village Chandori 30km from Bhandara, had gone to the forest for cattle grazing. He left home in the morning, but when he didn't return till late in the evening, family members started searching him. The next day, when villagers went to the forest to look for him, they found his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "11957398", "title": "China, Nepal debate Everest height", "text": "KATHMANDU: If the Chinese had their way, the height of Everest would come down by 3.57 metres.The highest point of the world's tallest peak would be based on its rock surface and not the snow surface, as is the practice. China has continued to pressure Nepal to recognize the height of Everest as 8,844.43m instead of the accepted present height of 8,848m.This height was established in 1954 by Indian surveyors led by B L Gulatee.Incidentally, it was another Indian surveyor Radhanath Sikdar that found out in 1852 that Everest, or Peak XV as it was known then, to be the world's highest peak.Everest lies on the border between Nepal and China.In the border talks between Nepal and China, scheduled for earlier this month but postponed at the last moment at Nepal's request , the height of Everest was one of the issues on the agenda, according to government officials.China in 2005 announced the height of Everest to be the rock height of 8,844.43m and in subsequent talks with Nepal a year later it had asked Nepal for the first time to recognize this height.This is a departure from China's earlier position. While signing the Nepal-China border map in 1975 China had accepted the height of Everest to be 8848.13m, according to a Nepali survey official.To make matters complicated , the National Geographic Society of the US in 1999 determined the height through global positioning system (GPS) technology as 8,850m.The GPS technology is relatively new method, but earlier heights were ascertained by trigonometric and leveling methods like the one used by Indian surveyors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956787", "title": "Mercury takes an upward swing in state", "text": "JAIPUR: The mercury continued to take an upward swing across the state as cold wave subsided. With the active western disturbances passing through the state, rise in the maximum and minimum temperatures was witnessed on Sunday. Mount Abu and Churu remained coldest in hills and plains, respectively, with minimum temperatures of 6.0 degrees Celsius each.For the last couple of days, minimum temperatures at many places rose above 10 degrees Celsius and maximum temperature above 20 degrees Celsius.Jaipur recorded 10.2 degrees Celsius as minimum temperature and experienced a warm afternoon. The maximum temperature of 26.2 degrees Celsius and a humidity level of 69% made the conditions summer-like. Even temperatures made the day perfect for outings and the footfall at parks went up.Minimum temperatures here are unlikely to dip below 5 degrees, Met said. Adding the winter is showing withdrawal symptoms an official said, \"By the first week of March the temperatures will start taking an upward swing.\"Mount Abu and Churu were followed by Pilani that recorded a minimum temperature of 6.8 degrees Celsius, Sriganganagar 7.1, Bikaner 8.5, Jaisalmer and Chittorgarh 9.4, Udaipur 10.5, Kota 12.3, Ajmer 12.5, Barmer 13.0 and Jodhpur recorded 13.5 degrees.The ground frost which had worried the farmers in the past, vanished from the farms, giving respite to the farmers as much of the vegetable and rabi crop in eastern Rajasthan was wasted due to prolonged spell of ground frost.Met office said that no further dip in the mercury would be reported as the winters is slowly withdrawing.\"By the first week of March, the temperature will start taking an upward swing when there would be a rise in the day and night temperatures,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11963205", "title": "Battered baby Falak undergoes another surgery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Doctors today conducted another life saving surgery on two-year-old battered baby Falak who is in a critical but stable condition.Baby Falak underwent a shunt surgery during which doctors at AIIMS connected her brain with the abdomen to help circulation of fluid in the whole body.Neurosurgeon Deepak Agarwal, who is treating her said, \"Water that should be circulated in the whole body got collected in the brain, thus putting pressure on the head that could be fatal for her.\"We could not conduct the surgery all these days as there was high level of infection in her brain. As soon as the culture samples of the brain started showing negative infection, we decided to go for it,\" he said.During the three-hour-long surgery that started at 5.30 AM, doctors put a tube through the brain that went upto the abdomen.This is the fifth surgery that Falak has undergone since her admission in the hospital on January 18. Dr Agarwal said the child still needs ventilatory support.Falak was brought to the hospital in a battered state with severe head injuries, broken arms, bite marks all over her body and cheeks branded with hot iron.Doctors said it would be difficult for Falak to lead a normal life.\"The infection in her brain has overstayed. It must have affected parts of her brain and this might in turn deprive her of a normal life in the future,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956329", "title": "IIM-A student skips placement to employ elderly people", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It is that time of the year when students of the graduating batch at the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) are leaving no stone unturned to bag hefty pay packages and land cushy corporate jobs. One of the students, however, is least swayed by this hustle bustle of the campus placements, pondering over an idea of bridging the gap between the past and the future. He wants to do this by facilitating the transfer of traditional knowledge and values of the elderly to the young.In this endeavor, Chandresh Maithil, 28, who will be graduating this year, is channeling his skills and knowledge in setting up kindergartens for children. Maithil's kindergartens, which will be called 'Naani Ka Ghar', will operate with the help of the retired and elderly people.\"These kindergartens will be a self-sustaining social platform that would allow a two-way exchange of benefits between the children and the elderly,\" said Maithil, who has four years of work experience before coming to study at IIM-A.He explains that this is a model based on the arrangements of nature. As young parents go out to search food, the elderly stay at home to take care of the children, passing on traditional knowledge and values as they play with them. With changing lifestyles and emergence of nuclear families, there is an emerging gap between the traditional past and the children which needs to be bridged.\"By playing with and learning from elderly people, the kids will be exposed to lot of love, gentleness and knowledge. The elderly people, who have a lot of time on their hands, will be able to engage themselves into activities with the children and keep themselves busy, thereby avoiding boredom and loneliness,\" said Maithil.The student's plan is to start a small model venture in one of the localities where there are a good number of elderly people. Once he streamlines the pros and cons of the models and mends the loopholes, he will expand by tying up with old-age homes.\"India has a huge population of young people. Someday, this population will be growing old as well. There is inadequacy for such arrangements for the ageing people in the country today,\" said Maithil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961894", "title": "Resul Pookutty prays for Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "Everything about the Big B is big. And rightly so. Needless to say the news of his hospitalization also came as a shock to one and all, more so the film fraternity.Prayers and get well soon messages started pouring in from all quarters. After all, there are not many who aren't fans or admirers of Amitabh Bachchan . Even Resul Pookutty wished him a fast recovery on a social networking site. The composer wrote: dear sir, my prayers and prayers and prayers...may Allah bring peace and harmony and whither away all your pain, may he give... me some and take away yours.! He further added, \"I pray with my two little kids fr your well being,for I believe Allah would hear their prayers. dear Sir, we hope you are getting better and will be back on your feet soon!Alhamdulillah!\"Considering that it's Shiv Ratri today, Resul shared an interesting anecdote. He said, \"Three years ago, on a Shivarathri night I won the Oscar, I dedicated it to all believers.On night like those we rose up all night in our temple,Om!\"Now that sure is interesting, what say?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958197", "title": "New-age business plan on cards for city coppersmiths", "text": "PUNE: Streamlining of quality, widening the scope of production via greater corporate and institutional orders, and thereby boosting livelihood of coppersmiths working from the famed Tambat Ali in the city, are part of the new 'tambat' craft revival and livelihood project initiated by Indian National Trust For Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH), Pune chapter, two months ago.\"We want to take this craft to a higher level in terms of quality and reach. A lot of research and development has gone into this project, which began on a small scale over a year ago. The Forbes Foundation has helped us in this new project. Special efforts will be taken for bigger, better branding of the brass and copper products that the coppersmiths are making,\" said Supriya Goturkar, in charge of the project at INTACH.The first event to initiate this plan of action is an exhibition of products made by the coppersmiths, on March 6.\"We have zeroed on ten to 12 products of brass and copper, which cost between Rs 300 and Rs 4,000. The idea is to expand the reach of these items by inviting more and more orders from corporates and institutions. We've planned two such exhibitions this year, which will showcase the artistry and craftsmanship of the coppersmith, as we have focused a lot on improving the quality and finish of the products they are making under this initiative, and such improvement can be seen now,\" Goturkar added.Copper and brass products like trays, bookmarks, candle holders, cutlery and home decor items underwent stylistic and aesthetic innovations over the last one year. It all began with a 15-day workshop held in 2010 for the Tambat Ali coppersmiths, all members of the Twashta Kasar Samaj, who were trained to upgrade their products in terms of look and quality in order to make them saleable to a larger upmarket consumer base. Design intervention was possible with a team comprising architect and designer, Rashmi Ranade and members from INTACH, Pune. Some of these products are also available for sale at Warsa, the heritage store by INTACH at Shaniwarwada.A cooperative of the Tambat Ali coppersmiths was also formed early last year, in order for their products to reach a wider market. This led to the coppersmiths meeting small-scale private orders close to Rs 30,000 per month.\"The new project is also meant to help increase the livelihood of each coppersmith involved, because they can't solely rely on making these stylised copper and brass products, by giving up their traditional businesses in Tambat Ali. We want to help them become self-reliant as well,\" Goturkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11956009", "title": "Only 39 outgoing corporators in new body", "text": "NAGPUR: The civic elections proved to be a disaster for most corporators of the last NMC body, as only 39 of the 141 members have been re-elected. Relatives (mostly spouses) of 13 members too will be a part of the new body. Among the reasons for this dismal statistic are the merger of two wards into one, change in reservations, denial of ticket by parties and anti-incumbency factor.Other than outgoing mayor Archana Dehankar, all BJP bigwigs have made it to the new house. Total 13 BJP corporators have been elected again. Congress corporator Devendra Mehar joined the BJP at the last moment, and successfully contested on a BJP ticket.Most prominent Congress corporators will also be a part of the new body. Eleven outgoing Congress corporators are in the new house, including Devendra Mehar. Satish Hole was denied a party ticket but has won after contesting as an independent. On the other hand, independent corporator Arun Dawre contested on Congress ticket and won.The NCP has not been so fortunate. Two prominent corporators are out; Pushpa Malikar lost her deposit while Vedprakash Arya's seat was reserved for SC. His wife unsuccessfully contested from the neighbouring ward.However, two prominent NCP corporators have won. Congress corporator Manoj Sangole had joined the NCP in December. However, he did not get a NCP ticket. He and his wife contested as independents. While his wife Savita won, Manoj has lost.Three Sena bigwigs have also won but their city chief Shekhar Sawarbandhe is out.The remaining seven corporators to return to the house are from other parties.The spouses of 12 outgoing corporators have won, of which six are from the BJP. Spouses of independents Aruna Gwalbanshi and Dipak Dhurde have also won on a BJP ticket.Wife of independent corporator Manoj Sable contested on a Congress ticket and trounced mayor Archana Dehankar. While independent corporator Kamlesh Chaudhari has lost, his mother Meena has won.The political careers of several corporators are in jeopardy as they or their spouses have polled very few votes. Pushpa Malikar (NCP) has been trounced by 9,444 votes. The relatives of Preeti Shivhare (BJP) and Rupesh Meshram (BJP) too ended up far from the top in the race.Rebellion too proved costly for many corporators, as they were not among the first three finishers. The well-known ones are: Congress's Satish Deulkar and Anil Waghmare (wife) and Kusum Ghate (Cong). BJP corporators Shobha Patel (husband) and Shashikala Wade were also completely rejected by voters. BSP rebel Habibur Ansari too got just over 400 votes.There are many corporators who did not contest as they were denied party ticket. Their close relatives also did not get any support. There are 16 such BJP corporators, including Kalpana Pande, Sanjay Bonde and Prakash Totwani. East Nagpur MLA Krishna Khopde is the 17th, as he did not seek a ticket for a close relative. Forms of two BJP corporators, including Girish Vyas, were rejected.Four Congress, three BSP and two independents corporators did not contest this time, nor did they push any family members.In and OutBJP: 13 corporators and spouses of 6 are in the new body. 19 members did not contest. A Congress corporator and 2 independents won on BJP ticketCongress: 11 members are in but 2 are not with the party. 3 members did not contest. An independent and wife of another have won on Congress ticketNCP and Sena had 8 members each in outgoing body. Only 3 corporators of both parties have wonMany outgoing corporators of almost every major party have lost deposits in the elections", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956246", "title": "Vidya not allowed to visit police station", "text": "INDORE: The Indore police have denied Bollywood actor Vidya Balan the permission to visit Vijay Nagar police station here to lodge a complaint regarding her missing husband. The actor was to visit the police station as part of her new film's promotion, Kahaani, which is due for release.But SSP A Sai Manohar has flatly denied the permission. \"I have denied them the permission for any such promotional stunts at police stations. We are not in the TRP race,\" he said, adding that there would be usual business at the police station.The policemen at the police station seemed still hopeful of the visit of Vidya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958133", "title": "'Doctors need to think of research while in practice'", "text": "PUNE: Medical practitioners from urban as well as rural areas should develop a research angle while treating patients. This will help medical research at large, said G S Mutalik, former head of Asia region for the World Health Organisation (WHO). He was speaking after inaugurating the 28th continued medical education (CME) refresher course for family doctors and medical officers, organised by the Dwarika Post-Graduate Medical Institution (DPGMI) on February 16.The CME, which was attended by over 500 family doctors, focused on topics like rheumatoid arthritis - diagnosis and management in a dispensary setting by rheumatologist Arvind Chopra and menstrual problems - management in a dispensary setting by noted gynecologist Hemant Deshpande. Mumbai diabetologist Anil Bhoraskar spoke on pit falls in the treatment of diabetes in dispensary practice while cardiologist Nitin Kulkarni spoke on role of low dose Aspirin, folic acid, Vitamin B12 and antioxidants in modern medical practice. tnnArvind Sangamnerkar, head of the DPGMI, spoke about legal offences and legal calamities.The DPGMI is approved by Maharashtra Medical Council, Mumbai for conducting CME Programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958099", "title": "Decision on CM\u2019s fate after UP poll", "text": "Once the Uttar Pradesh polls are over, Congress president Sonia Gandhi will decide the fate of chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, state party president Manikrao Thakre and his Mumbai counterpart Kripa Shankar Singh.Though there was no response from either Chavan, Thakre or Singh, AICC general secretary Mohan Prakash, in charge of Maharashtra, said it will be too early to comment on the post-civic poll political situation in the state, but he will brief the AICC president once she is back in New Delhi. \"At this point I can't comment on their fate. No doubt our performance in the BMC elections was dismal. We will have to study why we lost. But we have done much better in zilla parishads and municipal corporations and councils. I will submit my report to the high command next week,'' he said.Asked if the civic poll alliance with the NCP was an error of judgment, he said the decision was taken after much thought.A veteran Congress leader pointed out, \"If the Congress' performance improves in UP, the high command may consider major changes in Maharashtra, else there will be minor changes at the organizational level.''Cong, NCP begin blame-gameBarely two days after a poll debacle, the Congress and NCP blamed each other for the poor show. Senior Congress minister Patangrao Kadam said: \"The NCP stabbed the Congress in the back by sponsoring rebels in many wards.'' NCP minister Jayant Patil retorted saying lack of cohesion was responsible for the rout.Another senior NCP leader said, \"A sizeable section of Mumbaikars don't like a personal onslaught on Balasaheb Thackeray. The CM's remark was in bad taste.'' Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had said Thackeray will \"vanish'' after the BMC elections.Senior NCP ministers Ajit Pawar and Chhagan Bhujbal and state NCP chief Madhukar Pichad among others, will be in New Delhi on Monday to review the post-poll political situation with party chief Sharad Pawar.-Sanjeev Shivadekar", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960285", "title": "Saif Ali Khan promotes 'Agent Vinod' in Ferrari", "text": "Bollywood actor Saif Ali Khan put his speeding skills to test in Dubai as he took a blazing red Ferrari for a spin around a local driving centre.The 41-year-old actor was here to promote his Rs 50 crore venture, 'Agent Vinod', which releases on March 22 in the UAE .\"Agent Vinod is a spy-action film and there are many car-chases so I asked my director if we could have a flashy car in that too,\" Saif told Gulf News adding that he took several lessons to master the art of making car-chase sequences look authentic on-screen.\"Apart from learning how to drive cars and bikes fast, I learnt how to jump off high buildings too,\" he said.He travelled to Vietnam to learn martial arts in preparation for his stunt-filled role in the film, also starring girlfriend Kareena Kapoor .\"It's not Mr And Mrs Smith and it's not a cheesy Bond rip-off. It is about a RAW agent who has his own personality. Yes, it has influences from various films - it's a little bit Bond, little bit Jason Bourne and a little bit 24 and Tin Tin. But it is also original,\" said Saif.He also said he would never do a role on the lines of what Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie did in spy-drama 'Mr &amp; Mrs Smith'.\"It just doesn't make sense for Kareena and I to do such a role in India. I think she has done a wonderful job with the action. She said she doesn't like doing action but she is very good at it,\" he told the newspaper.Agent Vinod , which is co-produced by Saif and Dinesh Vijan, is expected to release in 2,500 screens in India and over 700 screens overseas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957986", "title": "Meet wants teeth for cop complaint bodies", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly six years after the apex court's direction that states and districts set up police complaints authorities for civilians to register complaints against offending cops, a two-day conference in the capital has highlighted the need for these bodies to be tougher and more independent.The deliberation concluded that the concept of oversight bodies that allow people to complain against the police is still new, and the bodies themselves at a nascent stage. The conference noted that not only do such bodies struggle to carry out mandates, but they also face deep resistance from police.\"There are only 10 functional PCAs, and 18 states have set up PCAs only on paper. Delhi doesn't even have a PCA, and the new Police Acts are so retrogressive that the Police Act of 1861 was better,\" said Navaz Kotwal, co-ordinator, police reforms programme, Commonwealth Human Rights Initiative, which organized the conference. She also said these bodies had been compromised in terms of composition, mandate, selection process and lack of funding.Chairpersons and members of PCAs, police leadership, and members of civilian society discussed measures to strengthen the complaints process, so that the established bodies can effectively address police misconduct and the lack of accountability. The chairperson of the Tripura PCA said their recommendations were not binding, while the chairperson on the Union Territory of Chandigarh PCA said their recommendations were binding, but not implemented. Members of civil society said participation of serving police officers, and retired police and IAS officers, also threaten the legitimacy of these bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956171", "title": "A day after, five booked for Berasia murder case", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after a middle-aged man was found dead with critical burn injuries in Berasia, the police on Sunday registered a case of murder against five influential persons of the area.The deceased, Santosh Giri, a resident of Parsuria village, was spotted by his son Sudama near the village. Santosh was rushed to the hospital where doctors declared him brought dead.The son of the deceased reportedly told the police that Giri was tortured by five influential persons of the village-- Phool Singh, his two sons--Bhupendra Singh, Bhura and two others Bhagwan and Vishwanath. All five accused are still at large.Additional SP Prashant Khare said the police have registered a case under the Section 302 of the IPC (murder) against five persons on the basis of allegations levelled by Sudama.The police said when an irrigation pump of one of the five accused was stolen, they went to a tantrik. The tantrik reportedly gave him description of pump-lifter that matched with the deceased and another villager Ballu.Incidentally, Ballu went missing for the past few days.Efforts are being made to nab them and trace Ballu, the police said, adding that the investigating officials have also recorded statements of other villagers. Sources, however, do not rule out a foul play.Senior officials visited the scene of crime on Sunday and directed the Barasia police to nab the accused soon. With the state assembly session set to begin this week, perhaps the officers do not want to take a chance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957537", "title": "SFI slams state for failing to implement education act", "text": "GUWAHATI: Students' Federation of India said that over 60% of primary and middle schools in eight districts across the state have been grossly violating the provisions of the Right to Education Act of 2009 by charging fees from young students. Speaking at a press conference on Sunday, the students' body also criticized the state government for not implementing the provisions of the Act in full, due to which schools across the districts can still charge fees from students. The Right to Education Act states that all schools must provide free and compulsory education to students up to class eight.Furnishing receipts given to students after they paid the fees to the school administration in some districts as proof of violation of the Act, SFI demanded strict actions against those responsible and urged the government and the education minister to provide the required fund necessary for the functioning of schools.\"The Act was implemented on November 11, 2011, and as per its provisions the schools are not meant to charge students till class eight. We conducted a survey in eight districts across the state and discovered that some schools in Barpeta, Sadiya and even in Guwahati have been charging fees from students. The minister had said two days ago at a press conference that he would punish those responsible for violating the Act, but spo far no action has been taken. Schools engaging in such blatant corruption is due to the absence of funds from the state government,\" said Rituranjan Das, SFI secretary.The students' body also claimed that according to the receipts, students have been charged between Rs 250 and Rs 500. \"Even a prestigious school like TC Government Girls' HS and MP School are charging fees, which is a sheer violation of the Act. According to chapter two, article 3, point two, anyone found guilty will have to pay 10 times of what has been charged. The minister should not turn a blind eye to this matter as schools are being forced to do this due to lack of funds,\" added Das.The students' body had presented a 24-point charter demand to the education minister of which none have been implemented, claimed the body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957958", "title": "BRTS to become reality soon?", "text": "The Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project could be pulled out of cold storage and become a reality shortly. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, while interacting with TOI journalists last week, said the project was \"still on the cards\". Chavan said, \"I have not given up completely on BRTS, an internationally proven system. It can redress Mumbai's travel woes and facilitate mass transportation on the northsouth corridor. Our main hurdle in implementing it last year was the congestion on the roads, among other factors. Maybe after the civic elections, we will consider giving it a second try.\"Government officials said that though priority has been accorded to the Metro and monorail projects, BRTS is still seen as something that is desirable for the city. The BRTS is being used successfully in cities like Bogota in Bolivia and Sao Paulo in Brazil, as well as Delhi and Ahmedabad.So are we likely to see large red buses winging their way across the Eastern and Western Express highways at two to three-minute intervals? BEST panel member Dilip Patel said, \"If the system is a success in neighbouring Gujarat, why not here?\" He said that the BEST authorities were in \"ready mode\" since last year. All the undertaking needs is a green signal from the MMRDA, he added. \"If the authorities are given a 24-hour notice, they will be able to ply on dedicated lanes,\" Patel said.MMRDA had initiated a proposal a while back to launch a dedicated bus lane on WEH between Jogeshwari and Kandivli as a precursor to BRTS. This is still in limbo because of \"lack of infrastructure on the express highway\", sources said. The project envisages special lanes being carved out on main highways dedicated to rapid bus movement. MMRDA planners said that the BRTS project has been discussed and will need the state government's approval.With the monorail almost ready and the Metro underway, experts say it is time to go ahead with the BRTS project.Waiting In The Wings The Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) project was mooted over a decade ago Former MMRDA commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad ordered a study three years ago to look into the feasibility of the project The study recommended that the BRTS be carried out initially only on WEH and EEH and BEST was told to run the service The study was handed over to the BEST and the state government to look into the implementation of the project Trials were carried out by the MMRDA, BEST and traffic police. Consultants were told to prepare a detailed report and the estimated cost of the project was put at Rs 1,100 crore. But even though a lot of ground work was done, the project is in limboBumpy Take-Off Planners felt the road system in the city was not suited for the system. BRTS needs large roads and a dedicated lane for buses. There are only two highways and few arterial roads which could take the BRTS Problems encountered by the BRTS project in Delhi led planners to rethink the introduction of the project in Mumbai. The traffic police in Delhi had trouble keeping other vehicles out of the dedicated bus lanes", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957153", "title": "Relief pours in for fire accident victims", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the devastating Gundla Pochampalli fire accident that killed seven people including four children, relief poured in for the affected families from various quarters on Sunday.An amount of Rs 1.5 lakh was sanctioned to each of the family members of those who died in the fire from the Central Disaster Relief Fund. Also, 101 families were shifted to a temporary site by the district administration on Sunday. A state relief fund of Rs 8,000 was also handed over to each of the 101 families affected by the fire. \"This includes Rs 5,000 cash for expenses, Rs 1,500 for utensils and Rs 1,500 for clothes. We are also arranging food for those affected,\" said Abdul Hameed, MRO, Ranga Reddy district. State law minister E Pratap Reddy and Medchal MLA K Lakshma Reddy paid a visit to the victims on Sunday and handed over the relief fund sanctioned by the government. The families were also supplied with 5 litres of kerosene and 20 kg of rice each. Red Cross Society donated blankets, sarees and towels to the victims.Fire department officials said the cause of fire could have been an electrical short circuit from a loose direct electric line or a burning splint from an earthen oven.\"Preliminary investigation has revealed that there was a gas leak from a cylinder and this could have led to the fire spreading rapidly,\" said an official from the department.Meanwhile, in a separate incident, a freak fire mishap occurred in Ramkote in the late hours of Saturday sending panic waves.Around 11:30 pm a major fire broke out on the third floor of the building housing Moon Chemicals. The shop which deals with chemicals for fertilizers, detergents and phenyl was soon up in flames and fire engines were called. Three fire engines and a snorkel attended to the call immediately and were involved in the operation for two hours after which the fire was put off. \"We are still ascertaining the details of the owner as he is absconding. A forensic team is going into the exact cause of the fire,\" said K Kareemuddin, district fire officer, Hyderabad.Investigation is on to check the nature of chemicals and if the owners have permission to run such a unit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11954966", "title": "New rules bulldoze crooked builders", "text": "MUMBAI: A clutch of mainly small-time builders operating in the western suburbs is believed to have been badly hit by the new building rules approved by the state government last month.TOI has learned that at least half-a-dozen builders in the Bandra-Khar-Juhu belt are in serious financial trouble or are on the verge of shutting shop. They made a huge killing in the past decade by manipulating building concessions granted to them by successive municipal commissioners. They illegally sold areas like flower beds, voids, common lobbies, terraces and suchlike at market rates to flat buyers, although these areas were not part of the building's floor space index (FSI)-the permissible built up area vis-a-vis the plot size.\"These builders paid Rs 6 lakh to Rs 7 lakh a square yard for a plot in Bandra-Khar knowing that they would make super profits by misusing building areas by bribing BMC officials. However, their calculations are now in disarray because the new rules give no scope for manipulation,'' said industry sources. On a 1,000 square yard plot, a builder could earn an additional Rs 40 crore to 50 crore by illegally converting non-habitable areas into living areas.The politician-builder-BMC nexus in the H-west ward of Bandra-Khar has almost ruined this area in the past decade because of this misuse. Some local politicians enriched themselves and are now full-fledged developers. The discretionary powers vested in municipal commissioners led to unabated corruption-politically-connected builders procured unusually high concessions while those who could not manage the system found the going tough.This arbitrariness in selectively granting sops to builders stopped after Subodh Kumar took over as civic chief last year. He pushed through a new policy which allows builders to utilize 35% extra FSI for residential buildings and 20% for commercial projects if they pay a hefty premium to the BMC.The amended development control rules put several unscrupulous builders from this area out of business. A well-known builder known for his high-end residential buildings in Bandra-Khar has put up 14 of his projects for sale, according to people who have been approached by this developer. \"He has stopped work and may wind up his business,'' said industry sources.This developer's luxury towers are on narrow plots with minimum open spaces. \"His modus operandi was to fill up voids and ducts in the building by placing slabs. This allowed him to create over 40% additional space, which was illegally sold as part of the apartment,'' said market sources.A broker-turned-builder in this suburb, who profiteered through this building racket since 2005, is also in trouble. \"He purchased plots in Bandra-Khar at Rs 6 lakh a square yard and promised fancy returns to investors. He is in no position to pay them back,'' they said. Two other small-time developers are believed to be in a similar situation. One of them was an employee of a developer before he charted out on his own. \"He would buy off entire housing societies, but today all his projects are stuck. He once paid Rs 60 crore for a 1,300 sq yard plot,'' said a local developer.Another builder currently in a tight spot, had over 30 projects in hand. \"He made huge profits by selling carpet area plus 30% built up area and another 45% of illegal areas like voids and decks,'' said sources.Builders who don't cheat sell approximately 30 sq ft per sq yard (plot area in suburbs where transfer of development rights, or TDR, can be loaded). Ninety percent of builders sell upwards of 50 sq ft per sq yard and even go as high as 100 sq ft per sq yard.A property analyst said a crooked builder could build over 60,000 sq ft on a 1,000 sq yard plot by misusing the concessions. \"Under the new law, he will not be able to build more than 40,000 sq ft saleable on a similar sized plot. Moreover, his profit will take a hit because of the premium he will pay the BMC for the compensatory FSI,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955085", "title": "Burglary in Kodungaiyur police station leaves cops red-faced", "text": "CHENNAI: The city police are trying their best to prevent thefts, but sometimes they fail even at home. Well, in this case, the police station.On Saturday night, someone broke into the locker of a policeman of Kodungaiyur station and took away three ID cards. Initially some policemen said `5,000 was missing, but officials denied this. No complaint has been filed.The Kodungaiyur police station in north Chennai has two inspectors and 30 other personnel. The policemen usually change their uniforms in a rest room in the station premises and keep their belongings in safes assigned to them.Last night after finishing his duty, a special sub-inspector had kept his belongings in his box and gone home. On Sunday morning, when he returned for work, he found the box open, the lock broken.Police officers were shocked upon hearing this and wondered if any outsider would have committed the crime. Later they said it could be an insider's mischief. \"There was a quarrel between two personnel. It looks like one is accusing the other of stealing. We are conducting an internal enquiry,\" said a senior police officer. Another officer said that usually police personnel who come from localities far away from the station use the rest room to change their clothes.\"They bring the uniform with them and change it in the room. They keep their belongings in the boxes provided. No outsider can come inside and steal the property,\" he said. The incident has made senior officers talk to policemen to maintain cordial relations within the station.\"There is a need for better bonding between officers and personnel. They undergo a lot of stress and sometimes small misunderstandings can trigger fights. We need to de-stress our people,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955194", "title": "HC digs deep into TN land ceiling act", "text": "CHENNAI: Trusts, educational institutions and industrial houses owning thousands of acres of lands, beware. The Madras high court has embarked on a legal voyage to settle one of the most glaring disparities in our midst --the constitutional mandate to evenly distribute land and the concentration of property in the hands of a few trusts due to exemption clauses in the Land Ceiling Act.A division bench comprising Justices Elipe Dharma Rao and N Kirubakaran, determined to address the issue, has directed the court registry to issue notice to the advocate-general in this regard. Article 39 of the Constitution creates an obligation on the state to secure ownership and material resources and distribute them to subserve the common good. It is only with this purpose that the state enacted the Tamil Nadu Land Reforms (Fixation of Ceiling on Land) Act 1961, which seeks to prevent concentration of land in the hands of a few persons.However, Section 37-A of the same act empowers the government to issue permission to industrial and commercial undertakings to hold excess land. As per Section 37-B, public trusts can apply to the government for permission to hold or acquire lands for educational or hospital purposes. It is because of these provisions that educational/medical institutions and industries hold thousands of acres of lands. The bench headed by Justice Elipe Dharma Rao has now viewed that the two clauses - Section 37-A and 37-B - are contrary to the Constitution as well as the main object of the act itself.The bench said the area of agricultural land available for cultivation in the state is limited and that this great disparity in the ownership of agricultural land led to the creation of the land ceiling act. \"While the main object of the enactment of the act is to acquire the agricultural land in excess of the ceiling area so as to distribute them to the landless and other persons among the rural population to subserve the common good and increase agricultural production, both these sections inserted by subsequent amendments provide for allotment of such lands to purposes other than for agricultural production.\"The judges decided to go to the root of the issue when a writ appeal filed by M/s NEPC India Limited seeking permission to hold on to nearly 1,400 acres of land acquired for putting up wind electric generators in Tamil Nadu came up for hearing. The company said it planned to establish 100 MW wind farm in windy areas in Coimbatore, Erode, Tirunelveli, Tuticorin and Kanyakumari districts. As 25 acres is the minimum requirement for each MW of power to be produced by four wind electric generators, the company required 2,500 acres of land in Tamil Nadu. Accordingly, by 1994, it acquired more than 1,400 acres and kept writing to the Tamil Nadu seeking permission to 'acquire and possess' lands in excess of the land ceiling act provisions.Since there was no reply, the company sold a small piece of land for agricultural purposes, following which the government issued a show-cause notice asking as to why the excess lands cannot be taken over under the act. After their petition was dismissed by a single judge in June last year, they preferred the present appeal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957452", "title": "Lack of preservation facilities hits food processing industry", "text": "PATNA: The state government measures for giving a prop to food processing industry which will help in getting better value addition through processing of its rich horticultural resources, fruits and vegetables, without providing cold chain and air cargo facility for marketing them has exposed chinks in its industrial promotion policy.The Bihar Industries Association (BIA) and the Bihar Chamber of Commerce have been demanding the creation of cold chain and air cargo facility at Patna for more than a decade for preserving perishable vegetables, fruits and the processed vegetable and fruit products so that they could be sent to distant markets.The matter is hanging fire at the level of the state government, said BIA president K P S Keshri here on Tuesday stating that the creation of cold chain for carrying vegetables, fruits and their processed products, and running cold chain vehicles for carrying them at sub-zero level to the markets is imperative as they are perishable items.The state government in order to tap the natural bounties of the state from the farms had come out with food processing policy with subsidies for establishing food processing units, but the creation of cold chain, common facility centres and air cargo facilities was important for getting good return on investments, he said. Keshri said that fruits, including litchi, mango and other luscious fruits, of the state are high in demand across the country -- both raw and processed forms.Preservation of litchi pulp and other fruits at sub-zero temperatures (-20 degree C to -40 degree C) is important for processing them round-the-year at the food processing industries, said chairman of the Kedia group of Industries based at Muzaffarpur, R K Kedia.Adding preservatives for preserving the processed fruits is the other way, but storing the fruits at sub-zero level would sustain the processing industries round-the-year, Keshri said.At present, the food processing units in Muzaffarpur and Hajipur are processing litchi in pulp form for exporting them to the big food processing industries in the country which process them further to produce fruit juice and natural drinks as there is no cold chain and common facility centre in Bihar, Kedia said.The Kedia group is one of the leading litchi exporting entrepreneurs of the state. It has set up a big food processing industry, Unique Foods, at Muzaffarpur, but due to lack of facilities it would be difficult for it to match the leading food processing units in the countries to which the Kedias have been providing litchi and fruits in pulp forms. Kedia told TOI that air cargo facility can be provided at an air strip in Muzaffarpur.Kedia said that the government should waive the upper limit of Rs 5 crore for getting 35 per cent subsidy given to food processing industries. This waiver is necessary because the setting up of cold chain and units for manufacturing tetra packs for packaging litchi, mango, grape, apple and other fruit juices involve investment of more than Rs 10 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11957286", "title": "Slump fallout? Oxford graduates tending bars", "text": "LONDON: Dearth of jobs in the UK is compelling a number of Oxford University passouts to work as bar tenders, waitresses and waiters, a survey has revealed.Of the 3,500 passouts who supplied information, nearly 200 have been working in nongraduate occupations such as office clerk, sales assistant or bar employee, according to the figures released by the university.The statistics reveal a snapshot of the desperate employment market in United Kingdom and shows that while many secure jobs as doctors, bankers or consultants, others are struggling to get their foot on the career ladder, the 'Daily Telegraph' newspaper reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956235", "title": "Maumoon Gayoom\u2019s daughter in new Maldives cabinet", "text": "NEW DELHI: With new Maldivian president Mohamed Waheed on Sunday expanding his cabinet to include the daughter of former president Maumoon Gayoom , the real hand behind the recent political turmoil in Maldives is becoming clearer. He appointed Dhunya Maumoon as the minister of state for foreign affairs. The post of foreign minister still remains vacant.Meanwhile, former president Nasheed has continued to hold protests against the Waheed government and is pushing for an early announcement of elections. After foreign secretary Ranjan Mathai visited Male last week, he had apparently given an undertaking that he would \"reconsider\" holding the protests. But he has continued to do them anyway.The protests and ongoing political instability are having the unfortunate effect of polarizing society in Maldives, say sources.A delegation from the Commonwealth Ministerial Action Group (CMAG) is in Maldives to investigate the events that led to Nasheed's ouster. It is expected that the announcement of early elections might make the exercise more academic. According to reports, the group met the new president and discussed steps to resolve the present situation.India believes that a decision to hold early elections in Maldives has had a calming effect on the protests in the island. Announcing the election date, largely believed to be scheduled for coming November, is not the only hurdle for the new government. According to the Maldives constitution, such an election can only be for the remainder of the term.But India does not believe Maldives can go through another election in a year's time. So the constitution has to be amended either before or after the elections, for the polls to have credibility. Hence, the effort is to have a national unity government that will work on the amendment before the elections, so every political party is on board.In a discussion paper for the way forward, written by Waheed, he says, \"In the interests of national reconciliation and to encourage harmony between our citizens, the government of national unity will hold discussions with all relevant parties to conduct elections by an early date. The government of national unity will work towards the conditions that will permit such elections to take place including any necessary constitutional amendments.\"Waheed has also promised that \"the government of national unity will establish an independent mechanism to investigate the recent developments, including the circumstances of the transfer of power. This investigation shall also extend to the events leading up to these developments and offer lessons to be learnt for them, including steps that may be taken to prevent instability in the future\".But it is now clear that the man pulling the strings from the background is former president Maumoon Abdul Gayoom , a number of his proteges now dot the government of Waheed. He was expected to have returned to Maldives earlier this week, but is keeping himself out of sight, say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11958195", "title": "RTI application that busted NGO's fake recruitment drive in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The Right to Information Act (RTI) can be used in different ways not only to expose corruption in government offices and public sector enterprises but also to force private NGOs and societies under Section 2(f) of the act to cough up information.Using the tool, noose can be tightened around those private agencies that try to fool people in the name of being associated with government-sponsored schemes.The option available in the act was utilized by one Vikas Sinha of Ranchi who applied for job in response to an advertisement published in a vernacular daily by Vikas Evam Kalyan Samity. Suspicious about the nature of the NGO, he filed an RTI application with the office of Ranchi deputy commissioner that resulted in a full fledged inquiry and exposure that the NGO was registered with Bihar government and had no association with Jharkhand. It still invited application for 455 posts under the so-called scheme, Jharkhand rural livelihood scheme, offering salary between Rs 6000 and Rs 12,000 for different posts. The application and inquiry constituted thereafter not only forced the NGO to pack up but the members involved were forced to return cost of application form (Rs 200 each) to all 200 applicants who had applied by the time the irregularity was exposed.Sharing this incident at the two-day regional seminar organized by Media Information and Communication Centre of India (MICCI), Friedrich Ebert Stiftung (FES), Federation of Jharkhand Chamber of Commerce and Industries (FJand the Jharkhand RTI Forum here on Sunday, Sinha insisted to better understanding of the act and its proper use to drive out corruption and cheating. The seminar, \"RTI: A potent weapon against corruption\", aims at experience sharing and discussion on various ways of using provisions of the act in everyday life.Welcoming the delegates, Jharkhand RTI forum president Balram said that people have to understand and use the act because it still remains confined to the activist and has not been weapon of every ordinary man.\"We are making efforts to explain to them the easy ways and applicability of the act besides sensitizing departments to come up for educating people about their rights,\" he said.FES India senior adviser Rameshwar Dayal said that the concept of RTI originated in Germany and given the success of the act it is now being used by citizens in 120 countries. RTI activist Nandini Sahay who remained associated with the movement for legislating RTI since 1995 said that the form of act adopted in India is one among the best because it has penal provisions for the official delaying or denying information to the seeker. As director of MICCI, she has been associated with awareness drives and sharing success stories of the act. She also hailed Jharkhand RTI Forum's idea of felicitating the commoners who have made best use of the act in betterment of individual or society. The platform was used to announce names of all 26 RTI champions who have been selected for the RTI-2012 awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11958087", "title": "Panel report shuts door on Athirapally project", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: If the union government accepts the recommendations of Western Ghats Ecology Expert Panel (WGEEP), Kerala will never again get environment clearance for its long pending Athirapally hydro-electric project. WGEEP, in its report submitted to the Union ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) on August 31, last year, recommended that the Athirapilly-Vazhachal area should be protected as such and the permission for the proposed hydro-electric project at Athirappilly should not be given.Bio-diversity richness, the high conservation value and significant fish fauna were cited as important factors among other reasons that prompted the panel to say a stern \"no\" to the power project.The WGEEP has also recommended that the Chalakudy River should be declared as a fish diversity rich area, to be managed on the pattern of \"conservation of biodiversity rich areas of Udumbanchola taluka\" in Kerala. Following the recommendations of the WGEEP, state government has intimated its strong protest against WGEEP's findings against Athirapally project that got environmental clearance from the MoEF in 1998, 2005 and 2007. The project had received even techno-economic clearance in 2005.MoEF in a show-cause notice dated January 4, 2010, asked the state government why the clearance accorded earlier to the project should not be revoked.An expert appraisal committee set by the union government had on July 17, 2010 expressed satisfaction over the Kerala State Electricity Board's clarifications on the environmental impact of the project. However, the committee said the plea for environment clearance to the project would be given subject to the findings in the WGEEP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pratapgarh", "code": "11958145", "title": "Pratapgarh bigwigs sure of their victory", "text": "PRATAPGARH: The district known for its 'Amla' cultivation, with 7 assembly constituencies had registered 42% polling by 3 pm which crossed 50% mark by 5 pm. Deputy election officer Satish Sharma confirmed that 52.5% polling was recorded from Pratapgarh assembly constituency.Assembly wise, the voting percentage recorded in different assembly seats by 3pm was 41% in Rampur Khas, 42 % in Babagunj, 41% in Kunda, 42% in Vishwanathgunj, 43% in Sadar, 44% in Patti and 41% in Ranigunj, said election control room at Pratapgarh.Among the heavyweights whose fate was sealed included Congress leader Pramod Tiwari who is contesting for the ninth time from Rampur Khas seat after winning it for record eighth time in 2007.Others in the fray are Kunda strongman and SP supported candidate Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya and BJP leader Rajendra Pratap Singh alias Moti Singh who is contesting from Patti.The BJP leader has won the seat several times in the past. BSP has fielded Shiv Prasad Mishra Senani from Kunda. Contrary to other districts where the contest is mainly between Samajwadi Party and Bahujan Samaj Party, here many previous winners are expected to be voted back, say political oberservers.Among the candidates who are likely to retain the seats are Raghuraj Pratap Singh, Pramod Tiwari and Rajendra Pratap Singh alias Moti Singh.Tiwari told TOI: \"Looking at the voting pattern in my constituency I feel that my victory margin will increase this time.\" About his party's prospects in the fourth phase of polling, Tiwari said, \"A wave is blowing in favour of the Congress across the state which signals Congress's return to power in the state after 22 years.Moreover, the tireless campaigning by Rahul Gandhi and party president Sonia Gandhi is going to reap the desired results.\"SP supported Independent candidate Raghuraj Pratap Singh alias Raja Bhaiyya said that \"The fourth phase of polling in the state has been very encouraging for the Samajwadi Party(SP) which would certainly form next government in the state under the leadership of Mulayam Singh Yadav'. On being asked about his chances he said that \"results in my constituency are a foregone conclusion and the only thing working in my mind is that what is going to be my victory margin,\" he said.For voters in the district however law and order along with development are the central issues on which they have cast their vote, said a housewife Anjana Upadhyaya. \"For me development of my village and other adjoining areas is the major focus and this is only possible when law and order machinery is intact\". Another voter, Arvind Kumar Shukla said that \" The district lacks in terms of facilities and necessary infrastructure and our concern is that candidates for whom we vote should usher the dawn of development in our area\".Holding similar views a lawyer Ramakant Jaiswal said \"The amla belt of the region needs to be developed more to generate self employment opportunities for rural unemployed youth.Moreover the power supply scenario should also be improved and keeping this in mind we have exercised our franchise in favour of respective candidates\" he said.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11954886", "title": "The hole truth", "text": "CHENNAI: The corporation on February 16 stated that it had completed patchwork on 21 roads in the city. However, motorists and people who live in localities that these roads connect say the quick fix job by the civic body has been of little use, with craters and bumps still remaining in several areas.On Besant Avenue, vehicles heading from Adyar towards Besant Nagar brake sharply to around 20kmph to avoid two huge potholes opposite a popular clothing store. They pick up speed after the speed-breaker at the gates of Theosophical Society, only to start rattling and shaking in less than a minute. \"The mixture used to fill the potholes has dissolved and made the road a mess. Traffic slows to a crawl on the stretch,\" says KN Ramachandran, a resident of Besant Nagar. Besant Avenue is one of the 21 arterial roads that the corporation claims it has repaired. Some of the other roads are R K Mutt road, Perambur Barracks Road, E V K Sampath Salai, Ennore High Road and Santhome High Road. While commuters have welcomed the repairs, they say the work in many areas is incomplete.\"The corporation has relaid a small stretch of about 60 metres along the playground on RK Mutt Road. The road was damaged and dangerous to ride on so it was a relief when it was repaired. But at the turn towards Santhome, which is along another side of the park, the road is still terrible,\" said Jayanthi Murali, a resident of Greenways Road. E V K Sampath Salai in Egmore too has rough patches on several stretches. \"The road has disintegrated in front of Periyar Thadal, and motorists avoid the thoroughfare even during peak hours,\" said Karthik Srinivasan, a marketing professional who works for a company on E V R Periyar Salai. Corporation of Chennai conducted a survey in December to identify bus routes and interior roads that were severely damaged in the monsoon. While civic body officials decided to relay 118 bus routes in the older parts of the corporation at a cost Rs 50.21 crore, the budget for roads identified for patchwork was not released. \"Patchwork can be measured only in square metres, not by length of road.One square metre of patchwork costs almost Rs 300,\" a corporation official said. The civic body used rubble and 'cold mix' to temporarily fill potholes in December and had promised more permanent repairs later. \"Currently all patchwork is being done only with 'hot mix' containing asphalt and concrete, which is a permanent solution,\" the official said. Despite the public outcry, corporation officials maintain that patchwork on roads, including the filling up of potholes, has been completed. They insist that potholes have been filled on 21 roads. \"Patchwork in areas that required repairs is complete.We had supervisors monitoring work. People could be referring to larger rough patches that will be taken care of when the roads are relaid,\" said a senior corporation official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956637", "title": "Key to set the ball rolling", "text": "JAIPUR: For Rakshita Agarwal, physics was nothing less than a nightmare till she invented her own \"divide and rule\" policy to tackle it. Then things begin to change for this Class XII student of Seedling Modern School. Her understanding of electrostatics, current electricity, EMF and many others is far better now and scored 10 CGPA in Class X.\"Physics is a practical subject and the more we practice, the better we learn the fundamentals,\" said Agarwal, who used her own policy to divide different sections and devoting time according to its weightage to prepare for the board exam.She has prioritised the topics - electrostatics, current electricity, magnetic effect of electric current, EMF &amp; AC, optics, and semiconductor which accounts for about 70% of the total marks. With the plan intact, she is aspiring to get marks in the 90% bracket.\"An aim can be achieved if it is realistic. Setting targets that are achievable and putting efforts towards achieving the goal even by burning the midnight oil are things to be remembered,\" Agarwal said, highlighting that she was scared of physics till Class X.\"My 10 CGPA score in science set the tone for science-math combination in Class XI. Initially, it was difficult but later on when I find this subject quite normal and I developed an interest. Now, I am passionate about physics. It is dynamic and a fast changing subject. I have been giving two to three hours to physics everyday,\" said Agarwal, who is also hoping to score well in chemistry and maths. She suggested that the best way to improve physics is banking on NCERT books, which will later help in competitive exams as well.\"I am aspiring to pursue engineering in the mechanical stream that too from either Mumbai or Kanpur. Performance in this exam is necessary to boost my morale and confidence,\" Agarwal, who is planning to appear in IIT exam next year, said. Sharing her mantra on how to keep stress at bay, she said involving in fun activities during studies makes make learning interesting. Another thing she never forgets is to analyze the mistakes and she has minutely corrected the mistakes made in pre-board and test papers. \"How to charge-up during exams when you study for hours at one go? My teacher once said having five power capsules (almonds) a day can boost you up. I believe that if you dream for success you can never feel exhaustion even working for hours,\" Agarwal said.She also said her family acts as a stress booster's guide to success. \"Teachers are right behind my parents when it comes to drawing guidance and inspiration. They lift my spirits to become an achiever,\" Agarwal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "udaipur", "code": "11956860", "title": "IIM-U to double seats this year", "text": "UDAIPUR: The Indian Institute of Management-Udaipur is gearing up for the admission of 2012-13 batch. The institute is very upbeat about the admissions as they have completed the semesters ahead of other six new IIMs and received an overwhelming response in placing students at industrial training abroad.The newly introduced IIMs at Udaipur, Trichy, Rohtak, Raipur , Kashipur and Ranchi are holding joint interviews to minimize the time of students who otherwise would have to attend separate interviews. The interviews have started from February 15 and will end on March 12. The interviews for students eyeing IIM-U are taking place in Bangalore.The institute has also decided to give a few extra points to women and non-engineers seeking admission. IIM-U has awarded 50% weightage to CAT score, 30% to personal interview and aptitude test, 20% for personal profile that includes academic background (40%), work experience (30%), preference to woman candidate (15%) and non-engineers (15%).So far, 85% students at IIM-U have an engineering background, and the rest are from arts and commerce. \"The idea is to bring more girl students and non-engineers into IIM,\" said Janat Shah, director of IIM-U, who is hoping that the girls' strength would rise upto 20% this year. Also, IIM-U has decided to increase the number of seats from 70 to 120 from next session. They have 57 students in the current session. \"The number of seats has gone up as we can now accommodate more students with the appointment of new faculty members and infrastructure facilities,\" said Janat Shah.\"On the basis of students' performance and inclusion of new centres, we are likely to get students with good scores,\" said Shah. \"Six older IIMs were given responsibility to conduct the admission process for the new IIMs. IIM-Bangalore was given the responsibility for the admission process at IIM-Udaipur,\" said Janat Shah. He said that this year, the joint interview is coordinated by IIM Ranchi.The interviews will be conducted by a panel including academicians and experts from industry. Shah is focusing on getting students having inclination towards social sector. The results will be declared in April and uploaded on IIM-U's website. The next session will begin on June 25. Since the CAT result-2011 was out the institute received queries from students across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "11954122", "title": "Mahashivratri: Huge presence of Lord Shiva devotees in city", "text": "VARANASI: Though the festival of Mahashivratri is falling on Monday, the colours of the festival were visible in the backdrop of the city since Sunday morning.Long queues of devotees were found along the barricading prepared on the pedestrian way to Kashi Vishwanath Temple since early morning on Sunday. Thousands of devotees have arrived in the city to seek the blessing of Lord Shiva on the auspicious day. While traffic diversion was already witnessed since Sunday night, security personnel, including women police, were there to facilitate the process. For women devotees, a separate route was formed at various places near the barricading.The local vendors also geared up their exercises to prepare food articles laced with bhang and thandai considered as 'prasad' of Lord Shiva and consumed especially on the festive occasion. A number of temples of Lord Shiva like Mrityunjay Mahadev at Daranagar, Jageshwar temple, Kashi Vishwanath temple of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) including all other prominent temples of the city were decorated with flowers. Special shringar, aarati and bhandara would also be held on the occasion of Mahashivratri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962934", "title": "Omi Vaidya looking for another 'Chatur'", "text": "As an NRI artist, Omi Vaidya would have never thought that his usual vacation to India and a random tour to ongoing auditions in Mumbai would earn him lasting glory and fame in Bollywood .Popularly known as 'Chatur'; his character from '3 Idiots', Omi now has become a household name for his portrayal of an obnoxious geek in the film.But now he is looking beyond that, and with an interesting character in his upcoming flick 'Jodi Breakers', he is hoping to register another unforgettable character in the heart of the audience.He exclaims, \"While, I admit that the success of 'Chatur' is hardly repeatable, I surely hope to deliver more of such unforgettable performances. And the character in my upcoming film, which is fondly called 'Nano', can very well be the same. I am playing a flirt, with varied shades and also have page-long speeches like Chatur had. I have had a lot of fun and satisfaction doing 'Jodi Breakers', and so I am eagerly looking forward to audiences' response to the film.\"Prod him about his dream role and he comes up with a surprise as it's not another comic character like 'Chatur', but he is hoping a role in which he has to transform himself.\"Something, for which I have to go through a complete physical transform,\" he shares, \"And no one can think of me as Omi. I will be glad if such role comes up which challenges my skills as an actor to the utmost level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11958223", "title": "Confident voters overcome age, disability barriers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nothing could have been more pleasing for 41-year-old Rajinder Singh than the beep of the electronic voting machine. Despite being confined to a wheelchair since 1997, Singh displayed resilience and was enthusiastic to choose his representative from Sarojininagr assembly seat. Accompanied by his son, Singh, a resident of Gauri area of the assembly constituency, cast his vote and was visibly relieved that he has done his duty. \"Yes, my life has been affected due to an accident. Yet, I do not allow the accident and its aftermath to bulldoze me when it comes to voting.\"State capital Lucknow witnessed a quantum leap of 20 percentage points in the overall polling percentage to 55.89 this time. In 2007, Lucknow's polling percentage was 36.The assembly constituencies located in the rural areas of the city witnessed high polling as compared to their urban counterparts. Bakshi Ka Talaab topped the chart with 62% voter turnout, followed by Mohanlalganj which recorded a polling percentage of 61. The turnout in Sarojininagar also touched the 60% mark. The polling percentage in Malihabad was 58%. The lowest turnout of voters was recorded in Lucknow West at 51%. Polling percentage in Lucknow East and Lucknow Cantt was same at 52%, while Lucknow Central recorded 53% polling. The newly carved constituency of Lucknow North recorded 54% polling.Similar, enthusiasm was displayed by 80-year-old Vasudev, a resident of Sector D in LDA colony, who came to the polling centre in Krishnanagar along with his grandson to cast his vote. Braving cold winds and general chill that prevailed in the atmosphere during the morning hours, 90-year-old Shanti Devi walked up to the EVM slowly with the help of her daughter Shashi Bharti (45) and granddaughter Amita Bharti (25). Though Shanti Devi could not speak, her smile dropped enough hints that she had done her bit for the state. An excited Amita said, \"It's a rare occasion that three generations of a family came together to vote. I will treasure this day as one of the special days of my life.\"Youngsters too were excited to cast their vote at Krishna Devi Girls' Inter-College in Sarojininagar. A first time voter, Anita Pandey, said, \"I take voting very seriously. The best moment for me was when indelible ink was put on my finger by the polling staff.\"While the urban side of Sarojininagar witnessed voters coming in batches and moving on, the rural areas of the constituency saw long queues since morning hours at different polling centres. Areas such as Gauri and Banthara were witnessing long queues with people patiently waiting for their turn.The continuously blowing wind and bright sunshine gave comfort to the people as they had to stand in queues for a considerable time.At 10.30 am, 77-year-old Jitawar Singh, a resident of Gauri area and retired army personnel, came to cast his vote. Though the queue was quite long, he patiently waited for his turn. But when the security personnel saw the senior citizen standing in the queue, they asked him to come and vote.In Banthara area, the primary school was the hub of all poll activities. From first-time voters to octogenarians, everyone was equally eager to cast their vote. Neelesh Gupta, who owns a sweet shop near the school, said, \"I had already voted in the morning so that even as the day progresses, I would be relatively free and could look after my shop.\" Eighty three-year-old Sambhav Dayal proudly displayed the indelible ink on his finger and said, \"I only expect a change and nothing else.\" Similar sentiments were echoed by Mohd Yousuf (65) and first-time voter Gulshan Bano.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955929", "title": "Gaping hole on Butibori rail overbridge poses threat", "text": "NAGPUR: Four months after the Butibori railway overbridge (ROB) was inaugurated by state chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, a gaping hole has appeared in the four-laned ROB.The four-laned ROB was formally commissioned by Chavan on October 8, 2011. However, five days ago a gaping hole has appeared in one of the lanes posing danger to the vehicles. Hence now only one lane is functional.The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) officials have covered the spot and have put barricades to avoid any mishap. However, some social activists have demanded probe into the poor quality of construction by NHAI contractor.\"The hole is 6 feet long and 4 feet wide. The steel rods are visible and one can even see the moving trains from under the bridge. We will launch agitation against the NHAI if the contractor is not punished,\" said Praveen Ilarkar, a social worker. A group of social activists from Butibori and Borkhedi has decided to stage protests against the NHAI.Another activist Praveen Gautam said the plaque bearing Chavan and other leaders' names is also missing from the spot.When contacted, Naresh Wadetwar, project director of NHAI, tried to downplay the issue by denying that damage to the road was a result of poor quality construction.\"It is a small spot in the 15,000 cubic metre construction work we did. The hole will be repaired in 3-4 days,\" Wadetwar told TOI.Although the two-lanes were thrown open for traffic in November 2010, deadline for remaining two-lanes was set for January 2011. However, the deadlines were never met and the NHAI kept on extending them.It took almost 14 years for the vital project to be in place. Initially, the ROB was to be constructed by the public works department (PWD) in 1997. It came to NHAI in 1998. However, in 1999, Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) showed interest in the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11958411", "title": "Pulse polio drive launched in city", "text": "MYSORE: The district administration launched a pulse polio immunization campaign here in the city with a target to immunize more than three lakh children aged below five years across the district as part of the national pulse polio mission.Medical education and district in-charge minister S A Ramdas inaugurated the campaign at the district community hospital in Jaynagar on Sunday. For the past 10 years the number of polio affected children has come down since pulse polio mission has been quite successful across the state, said Ramdas. \"Prevention is better than cure, so people should be aware of diseases and doctors and scientists ought to put enormous effort on research, since many kids are affected by cancer and other diseases,\" he added.With the assistance of women and child welfare department a campaign on health and nutrition among children will be launched across the district from March 1, he said, and added that malnutrition has been affecting many children in Mysore district. District health officer Malegowda said a target to immunize 3.14 lakh children in the district has been set, which include 1.34 lakh in the city. Fourteen mobile polio units operated too.Meanwhile, the Mysore Division of South Western Railway also launched pulse polio immunization campaign at the railway station. Divisional railway manager Vinod Kumar administered the campaign. Besides setting up special booths at important railway stations across the division, special teams comprising paramedical staffs of railway hospital have been deployed on important trains to administer polio drops. The railway department will continue the campaign for the next four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962770", "title": "Movie promotions at the Comic Con", "text": "\"The comics industry is no longer confined to just books. They are taking different forms and patterns. In the past years the biggest films have been Batman, Spiderman, Superman - and they are all based on comics.So clearly, there's a lot of money to be made here. The comic conventions don't just need to involve publishers, they need to go beyond that,\" Jatin Verma, founder, Comic Con India.Delhi's second Comic Convention once again saw a huddle of comic enthusiasts in Dilli Haat, with a Freddy Kruger on the prowl, an overweight Superman binging on kulfi and a sweatshirt-clad Darth Vader saying \"cheese\" along with his fans. What stood out even more than the latter three (who were obviously comic-fans dressed in their favourite superhero outfits), were the flamboyant Marvel and Disney stalls showcasing products and live games from their latest Hollywood releases. Marvel did not hold back when it came to its upcoming movie, \"Avengers\",starring Scarlett Johansson and Robert Downing Jr - be it the life-size Iron-Man walking around in his suit to Thor-related games, and the movie's extensive merchandise. Neither did Disney, when it came to its new sci-fi film, \" John Carter \", the stall that featured a large extra terrestrial creature along with the rest of the cast's cutout was strangely beckoning, and visitors could play games inside as well. Also available on the stands were \"Tere Bin Laden\" director, Abhishek Sharma's, first graphic novel, \"Munkeeman\" and also, \"Zombie Talkies\", the graphic novel based on Abhay Deol's zomcom flick, \"Shaadi Of The Dead\".While Hollywood is constantly churning out big-budget blockbusters based on classic comics, the exact opposite seems to be the trend in Bollywood - where filmmakers use comics as a publicity gimmick for a hugely anticipated movie. In both cases however, the Comic Con organisers are hardly complaining. Though there weren't any movie promotions in last year's Delhi Comic Con, Mumbai's first convention in 2011 saw launch the \" Don 2 \" comic, followed by the \"Ra.One\" comic, and consequently \"Munkeeman\" and Zombie Talkies. While Delhi's convention raked in a moolah of 20-25 lakhs in two days, Mumbai pulled in 30 lakhs. In 2012, Delhi is watching Hollywood bringing in its A-game. The organisers say they have not only met last year's earnings in the past two days, but have surpassed it by a great number.The big daddy of all comic conventions and the big inspiration behind Comic Con India, the San Diego Comic Con, is well-known for comic geeks in strange flashy outfits and more so, for the several panel discussions with some of the biggest stars starring in that year's most awaited blockbusters. There is no better or larger platform for movie promotions than the convention. In 2011, the \"Twilight\" star cast, Charlize Theron (for \"Prometheus), Hugh ( Wolverine ) Jackson, Olivia Munn (costumed!), Freida Pinto (for \"Immortals), Jessica Biel , Andrew \"Spiderman\" Garfield, Colin Farrell , all made an appearance at the convention, and that's just the movie stars, the TV list is even longer!So far, Indian celebrities have only made an appearance in their graphic novel avatars, but maybe the aggressive promotional strategies displayed with every successive Comic Con and a larger turnout each time, we can expect B-towners to change their mind?More than just booksJatin's philosophy of a comic con being about much more than just \"books\" can easily be justified when one looks at the scope and magnitude of the event, and we aren't referring to the venue at all.The Comic Con, of course, has its usual collection of comics, graphic novels, anime art etc, that can be further divided into Indian and international comics. Amar Chitra Katha sells more than a 1000 \"Tinkles\" a day, and more than 2500 \"Chota Bheem\" comics are sold by Green Gold. Random House says that the shelfs loaded with \"Green Lantern\", \"Watchmen\" and \"V For Vendetta\" comics are now empty - but Batman sells the highest.But there's also merchandising stalls - Batman bobbleheads or Marvin the Martian wallets or even \" Kolaveri Di \" T-shirts, they have them all! Then there's the stalls put up by design universities (Indian and foreign), who say interest in design courses has gone up in the past few years and they do have 25 to 30 people approach them each day. TV finds takers too, with comic books featuring Lola Kutty T-shirts and a 9x channel mascot parading across the grounds.And Jatin's only dreaming bigger.\"This is a popular culture event. Comics are obviously the base, and the main focus, but we need be more open because these industries are all interrelated. Gaming companies also draw upon comics and that is why, we have approached some gaming companies. We also have companies like Animation express, Amar Chitra Katha has its own animation studio, by next year we'd like companies like Sony and Xbox to be on board,\" he signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957163", "title": "Another mega pain on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: Passengers were inconvenienced on yet another Sunday as Western Railway carried out a jumbo block on the slow tracks between Borivli and Goregaon stations for five hours. A mega block on Central Railway from Kalyan to Thane,between 11am and 4pm, affected services. The section between Vashi and Belapur on Harbour line was blocked for five hours. However, special locals ran on some routes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955753", "title": "BJP-Sena got our votes, we didn't get theirs: Ramdas Athawale", "text": "NAGPUR: Republican Party of India (RPI) leader Ramdas Athawale appeared to be blaming saffron voters for his party's poor showing in just concluded civic elections. RPI won just one seat each in Nagpur and Mumbai civic elections.Athavale told reporters in Nagpur on Sunday that while Dalit votes helped helped Shiv Sena-BJP candidates win, he wasn't sure how many saffron votes came the way of RPI candidates. The RPI leader said his workers had had mobilised support for both Sena and BJP candidates, especially in Mumbai. \"Our support ensured the defeat of Congress-NCP alliance,\" Athawale added.RPI's Saroj Bahadure got elected from Manewada prabhag along with Ramesh Singare of BJP in NMC while its candidate S M Bora got elected in BMC. In Nagpur zilla parishad two RPI members - Deepak Gedam from Chincholi circle and Anuradha Ingale from Jalalkheda circle were elected while in panchayat samiti elections the party's Sunita Mahamulkar and Bandu Umarkar got elected.RPI joined hands with saffron alliance ahead of the elections and was given five seats in NMC and 29 in BMC. \"RPI was also allotted a symbol only on February 10, just six before the election and it posed a problem,\" he explained. \"Party workers of alliance parties worked hard, but the hurdle of symbol remained. We couldn't reach out to many voters affiliated with Sena-BJP to convey our symbol. This may have affected the results,\" he added.\"On Saturday, even Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray told me that RPI candidates should have won at least 10 seats. I told him that we are investigating what went wrong,\" he said. The alliance with Shiv Sena and BJP would continue even after the civic elections, the RPI leader said. The Lok Sabha elections and thereafter assembly elections in 2014 will be fought jointly, he added. The partners will meet soon and we will put up a demand a 20 per cent share in government, if 'Mahayuti' of Sena-BJP-RPI' comes in power after 2014 state assembly polls, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "11957624", "title": "Stray rhino rescued from quicksand", "text": "JORHAT: An adult male rhino stuck in quicksand was rescued and released in the forest by Kaziranga forest guards at the park's Kohora forest range on Sunday. Park officials said that the rescue operation involved 20 officers and took about three hours to complete.Kohora forest range officer Atikur Rahman said: \"We are very happy that our mission was a success and we managed to recue the animal without it being injured. It was about 10 in the morning when we got the information that a rhino grazing inside the park had fallen into a waterlog area near Mihimukh in Kohora forest range. Our staff rushed to the spot to take stock the situation, and found that the condition to be serious. More forest staff were called to the spot and though they tried to bring the beast to safety for more than two hours, their efforts were futile. The national park authorities then decided to engage a JCB to dig into the mud and after about an hour, the animal was rescued.\"Rahman also added that as soon as the rhino rescued, veterinarians from the Kaziranga wildlife rehabilitation centre arrived at the spot and conducted a preliminary check up of the animal. The animal was found healthy and authorities decided to release it in the park and lead it into to a dense forest inside the park. A forest guard said the rhino was trying to come towards NH-37 when it fell into the ditch.Animals in Kaziranga often stray towards the highway and cross it to reach the nearby Karbi hills. This happens mostly during monsoons when several parts of the park is hit by floods. Forest officials said the problem arises when rhinos try to go outside the park either in search of food or for some other reason. \"We have decided to take special measures to protect the animals straying out of the park,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955600", "title": "Follow a proper diet plan during exams: Nutritionists", "text": "NAGPUR: Board exam anxiety lead students to either eat too much or lose their appetite completely. Hence, during the exam time, a well charted out study plan is not all you need to be concerned about. A properly designed diet plan also helps to keep one up and alert, believe dietitians.Students, with the high level of stress and a haywire schedule during the exams, need to be especially careful about their diet and nutrition. Nutritionists suggest taking in the right amounts of calories, protein and many other important constituents of food. They also say one should avoid heavy, greasy food during examination period.\"Students must ensure they get sufficient calories, proteins and all micronutrients. They should make an effort to have adequate amount of water so that they don't get dehydrated as most exams take place during summertime,\" advised city-based nutritionist A N Radha. She also suggests including pro biotic foods like curd and buttermilk as they help the functioning of the digestive system and alert brains.It is not just tradition or its cooling properties that make curd an essential food for kids during exams. Being rich in potassium, curd taken with jeera powder can help reduce blood pressure, too,\" informed dietitian Anju Mahurkar. \"Vitamin D is also important and can be consumed in the form of tablets or fermented and sprouted food. Another brain food is milk with gulkand or kesar. The food during examinations should largely be satvik,\" she suggested.\"Studying at odd hours mostly leads to munching on crispies. Instead kids could opt for fruits like grapes or juices when burning the midnight lamp. Ideally, their food must be rich in protein and low on calories and carbohydrates, as such foodstuffs can induce lethargy and also cause them to fall sick,\" suggested nutritionist Divya Thakkar. Some options that she thought could be considered were milk, boiled eggs, moong or ragi chila, sprouts, oat or wheat flakes among others.Dietitian Kavita Bakshi also said nuts like almonds and walnuts that are good for brain should be included in the diet. \"Constantly sipping on aerated drinks or beverages should be avoided as it creates acidity. Another thing that should be avoided is having long gaps between meals. Children should be made to eat well and on proper times,\" she stressed.Dietitian Rekha Khandwani said that the gap between two meals shouldn't be more than four or five hours. \"One could consider starting the day with a glass of lemon water. Fruits and green leafy vegetables should form a big part of the diet. Dinner should be a light meal, preferably without rice,\" she added.The diet plan:Include proteins, while avoiding carbohydrates and fatsMake healthier choices when choosing munchiesStay well hydratedConsume a lot of fruits and juices in the dietEat well; don't starve yourselfInstead of big meals, take small portions at regular periods not more than four hours apartHave more curd and buttermilkHave a lot of milk, mixed with nuts, gulkand, or kesarInclude iron-rich green leafy vegetables in the dietAvoid junk food and too many sweets", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11956843", "title": "35,000 lottery tickets seized, two arrested", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two persons were arrested on Sunday for smuggling in banned lottery tickets from Kerala and for attempting to sell them in Coimbatore. The city police have seized about 35,000 lottery tickets and Rs 1.70 lakh in cash from them.According to police, the duo had purchased lottery tickets from Walayar across the border in Palakkad district of Kerala and attempted to sell them off in Coimbatore. The arrested had told police that they were in the illegal business for long.Around 11am on Sunday, the Kattoor police got a tip-off that two persons had smuggled in lottery tickets from Walayar and were preparing to sell them off in Coimbatore city. Immediately, police inspector N Ravikumar and his team conducted vehicle check on the Cross Cut road in the city. Police stopped a two-wheeler and found that the pillion rider carrying a big box in a suspicious manner. When the police opened the box, they found 35,000 lottery tickets. The duo was taken to Kattoor police station soon for interrogation.After inquiry, they were identified as R Kumar, 37, of Chinnathadagam and M Saravanan, 29, of Kulathupalayam near Thondamuthur on the outskirts of the city. Police said the duo bought the lottery tickets from Walayar in Kerala and attempted to circulate them in and around Coimbatore. Saravanan is involved in the illegal lottery business for the past two years. Kumar owns a grocery shop at Velandipalayam and was hell-bent on earning quick money and so stepped into the business.\"We have arrested the duo and seized 35,000 lottery tickets from them. They were involved in the business for the past two years and were caught for the first time,\" said inspector Ravikumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956221", "title": "20 kg of silver jewellery stolen", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Thieves targeted a jewellery shop in Satyamnagar in Amraiwadi and stole silver ornaments worth Rs 13.80 lakh. Amraiwadi police officials, investigating the case, taken the complaint with pinch of salt and have probed the stock last taken by the shop owner.According to Amraiwadi police officials, Kishor Soni, a resident of Shridhar Society, Mahadevnagar, owns Deeplakshmi Jewellers in Parvati Complex in Satyamnagar. Soni had been to a marriage with his family members from February 16 to 19.\"When he came back on Sunday, he found that somebody had entered into his shop by breaking the shutter. As per complaint, the thieves stole 20 kilograms of silver ornaments and Rs 11,000 cash from his shop. We have started investigating the matter,\" said M D Upadhyay, in-charge inspector of Amraiwadi police station. tnnInvestigators however have taken the complaint with pinch of salt. \"The shop is located in a poor or lower middle class area. Its floor space is not more than 10 feet by 10 feet and is full of plastic boxes. We thus doubt whether Soni was dealing in so much silver on regular basis. We have thus asked him to furnish his purchase and sales vouchers to ascertain the volume of transactions at the shop,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955907", "title": "Vijay Pai Khot to continue with BJP", "text": "PANAJI: Suspense over the support of former Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Canacona MLA Vijay Pai Khot in the assembly election is over. After the Congress denied him a ticket to contest from Canacona, Khot has decided to continue his affiliation with the BJP and support Ramesh Tawadkar.Speaking to TOI, Khot said, \"I support BJP in Canacona constituency\". He stated he had resigned as the MLA of the Goa legislative assembly but continues as a member of the BJP. \"I did not send my resignation letter to the BJP office,\" Khot clarified BJP Canacona candidate Ramesh Tawadkar welcomed Khot's support.Due to the delimitation, Poinguinim constituency was merged with Canacona constituency, as a result of which the BJP denied a ticket to sitting MLA Khot. On February 10 he resigned as MLA of the Goa legislative assembly and was expected to join the Congress to contest the assembly election. Chief minister Digambar Kamat was lobbying for Khot to get the Ccongress ticket but at the last minute the Congress nominated former Poingunim MLA Isidore Fernandes .Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960355", "title": "Deepika Padukone-Sidhartha Mallya still friends", "text": "Deepika Padukone and Sidhartha Mallya have split after nearly two years of being together, but the former couple continues to remain friends .And it isn't just for the sake of keeping up appearances. The pair has genuine feelings for each other but it just wasn't working out anymore. At least for Sid, who decided to call it off.DP is dealing with it by keeping busy with work and friends. However, two weeks ago, she had a breakdown of sorts at Karan Johar's office when she went there to discuss her upcoming film with Ranbir Kapoor . She was in tears after the conversation with Mallya, and RK lent her a supporting shoulder. He had a long chat with her that day and kept checking in on her over the next few days to see how she was coping. They even spent time together at Rohit Dhawan's wedding in Goa recently, despite the fact that he is now back with Katrina Kaif .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11963173", "title": "Jaipur to set up cyber police station", "text": "JAIPUR: To check the increasing number of cyber crimes, the Jaipur police commissionerate is all set to have an exclusive cyber police station at its Khasa Kothi office. The proposed station would be an advance cell equipped with efficient and cyber savvy staff and other logistic support to crack cyber crimes in and around the Pink City.According to statistics of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB), Rajasthan is placed at an alarming fourth in the 2011 list of highest number of cyber crimes in the country and Jaipur is the most vulnerable city to such crimes.Police sources said the Centre will provide an aid of Rs 3 crore for setting up of the cyber police station and have sought an extensive report on the number of policemen and functioning of the cyber police station from the commissionerate office.Commissioner of police B L Soni is confident that the cyber police station will start functioning in the financial year 2012-13 as its preparations have already started.\"Many of our police stations had already solved many cyber crimes and have even managed to crack the whip on cyber criminals by arresting them for fooling people through fake internet lotteries. But not every police station has the expertise needed to solve such cases,\" Soni said on Sunday.In order to get the best of people to work in this proposed police station, Soni has asked the various police stations to find out the personnel who are willing to work there.\"We have asked respective police stations under their jurisdiction to identify the policemen who are willing to work in this police station. It includes those who already have a bit of technical knowhow on computers. All these selected policemen would be trained at a later stage and would be made well versed with the IT Act, cyber frauds, phishing , online lottery frauds, email hacking and other malpractices,\" Soni said.Asked about the strength of the proposed police station, he said, \"It would consist of one deputy superintendent of police who would be in-charge of the station with two inspectors, six sub-inspectors and 24 constables.\"Officials said Jaipur police will also use the services of ethical hackers to solve the cyber crime. \"If needed, these people will also be invited to solve the crime cases,\" Soni said.According to sources, all registered FIRs on cyber crime would be sent to the cyber police station and at the same time a complainant from any area of the city would be directly able to approach it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955944", "title": "Rithe invited to Buckingham Palace", "text": "NAGPUR: Eminent wildlife conservationist and president of Satpuda Foundation, Kishor Rithe, has been invited to Buckingham Palace, England, to attend celebrations that would mark the completion of 60 years rule of Queen Elizabeth II.The grand function will be organized on February 24. A number of events are being held to mark the 60th year of coronation and many distinguished personalities from all over the world have been invited to the Royal Palace.Rithe had done his post-graduation from Oxford University in wildlife conservation and made a mark for his in-depth knowledge in wildlife conservation. The special prize for higher education has been conferred upon the department of zoology of Oxford University. Rithe will leave for England and will be part of the team of Oxford University ex-students who will accept the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11958214", "title": "Trainee teachers display sporting skill", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Trainee teachers of Ursuline Women's Teachers' Training College displayed their physical potential during their annual sports day on Sunday.Around 100 trainee teachers proved that not only mentally but they are equally sound physically at their service to educational progress of the country.Divided in four houses - St Angela, St Ursula, St Augustine and Fr John Lambertz - hundred trainee teachers of the college participated in various events and proved that they will never lag behind of male teachers on part of shaping students fit from every aspect.Bagging highest marks, Fr John Lambertz group became overall champion while Archana Nibha Xalxo of the same group became the fastest runner of the college as she stood first in 100 metre race. Her colleague Vandana Ekka got third position while Nilam Rani of St Ursula group stood second. Participating in one of the most interesting as well as daring events, three legged race, in which two participants run together with their left and right legs tied, Ankit Prativa Kujur and Amrita Topno, Sudha Topno and Nisha Sweta Bilung, Shashi Ekka and Amita Xess bagged first, second and third prizes, respectively. In a group event for parade competition, Fr John Lambertz, Agustine and Angela groups won first, second and third prizes, respectively.Several other track-and-field and entertaining events like skipping race, fancy dress contest, hurdle race, relay race, candle race, marble race, pot race, shot put, discus and javelin throw participating trainee teachers did extremely well.Superintendent of police J K Singh, who was the chief guest of the inaugural function, hoisted the College sports flag, lighted the torch and declared the sports open. He praised college principal Sr Shiela and her team for shaping future teachers and filling quality of all needed varieties. He asked the trainee teaches to maintain the same spirits to their work places in future. Subdivisional police officer R G Sharma, mother superior of the institution Sr Plasida, Sr Shiela and Sr Vandana distributed prizes to winners. A mass drill, oath taking, lotus pyramid, flag parade and cultural richness of the country through UP's Katthak, Assam's Magh Bihu, Manipur's Radha-Krishna dance and J&K;'s folk dance forms presented beautifully and gracefully were highly appreciated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957991", "title": "Transport projects back on track after poll pause", "text": "Transport solutions for Mumbai will start rolling out after a month-long pause for the polls.Citizens can look forward to e-meters in autos, more prepaid taxi stands, new buses to Bangalore, Goa, Pune and Nashik, AC Volvo and ladies' special buses in the BEST fleet and a host of other services.A senior Mantralaya official said, \"Due to the election code of conduct, we had to put all our plans and new launches on hold. With the civic polls over, we will start implementing pending proposals.\"To begin with, citizens can soon expect a new prepaid taxi stand outside CST. Around a month back, TOI had reported that the RTO would set up this stand soon after the civic elections. An RTO official said, \"We had a minor issue with the railway officials as they wanted us to start the prepaid service close to platform 15. When we objected, they agreed to give us space near CR's computerized reservation centre.\" Railway officials said they have written to RTO authorities, requesting them to inaugurate the booth at the earliest.The transport department also plans to revive taxi stands in the island city. \"These stands were close to commercial hubs and were removed for road widening and MMRDA/BMC projects. We will try to re-introduce these stands for office-goers in south Mumbai,\" said an official from the transport commissioner's office.The transport ministry will issue a notification on compulsory installment of emeters in autos. E-meters will be mandatory for all new autos registered in Mumbai this year, and will be enforced for existing autos gradually.MSRTC also plans to announce several bus routes, with AC buses catering to passengers going to Goa and Bangalore. It will also enhance services on the Mumbai-Pune and Mumbai-Nashik routes.BEST also plans more AC Volvos for north-south corridor passengers. This will be possible only after it gets a nod from the new BEST committee, which will be set up in a few days and have 50% reservation for women corporators. BEST sources said there were plans for special buses for women office-goers on feeder routes, connecting stations to commercial areas like Fort, Nariman Point, Lower Parel, Andheri (E) and Malad (W).The RTO will begin a survey on 20 auto shuttle services in western suburbs from this week. There are plans to launch 100 share-auto services by 2012-end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957753", "title": "Puppies get papas &amp; mommas", "text": "BANGALORE: Many a homeless puppy got a roof for itself on Sunday. Mostly rescued from the streets, the dogs were up for adoption at Koramangala . An initiative of Precious Paws Foundation, these dogs, postrescue , have been living with their foster parents.\"The foster parents take care of their medication, vaccination and other requirements till they are adopted by a family ,\" said Debadrita Jadhav, founder of Precious Paws Foundation . The foundation comprising a bunch of students also has p ro f e s s i o n a l s from different sectors helping out. Through their volunteers they rescue puppies from different areas of the city. Later they are de-weeded and put on proper medication till they are given for adoption. Families adopting the pups on Sunday were given proper guidelines on how to manage their new four-legged friend.Foundation representatives keep a check on families adopting the pets by conducting surprise visits. Shockingly , quite a few families have been found wanting in pet care after adoption . \"In places where checks have revealed inappropriate treatment of the animals , we have taken them back,\" said Debadrita.Puppy AgeThe dogs up for adoption are aged between one and five months. While the bigger ones are rescued from the streets, smaller puppies are the ones which have lost their mothers.Rajeev and family adopt 31 animalsBANGALORE: Member of Parliament Rajeev Chandrasekhar, his wife and children have adopted 31 animals of Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP). On Sunday, he handed over a cheque of Rs 6.89 lakh to forest minister CP Yogeshwar and BBP executive director R Raju.The MP adopted Lions, Asiatic Elephants, Royal Bengal Tigers, Leopards and the Indian Rock Python, among others. Chandrasekhar said he was delighted to be part of this initiative and said he will contribute to wildlife conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11958102", "title": "Temple inventory to begin today", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The much awaited inventory and documentation of the treasures found in the vaults of the Sree Padmanabhaswamy temple will begin on Monday. The inventory will be conducted by an eight-member team in the presence of an expert committee headed M P Nair and the overseeing committee headed by Justice M N Krishnan.The eight-member expert team will include officials from Keltron, VSSC, archaeological department, gemologist and antique experts. The inventory will begin at 9 am and no timeframe has been fixed for completing the process. The first inventory will target the 'C' vault where jewels and other utensils used for daily use in the temple are kept. During the first phase, the inventory of five vaults will be completed and a decision on vault 'B' will be taken later.The advanced inventory system developed on an open source software by Keltron will be used for the purpose. Rs 2.5 crores have been spent to strap the inventory process in placeA group of officials from Keltron completed a two-week training module to use this software.The inventory will be performed a specially formed enclosure set up inside the temple campus. A tight security will been set up in and around the temple for the process. The artifacts will be brought out of the temple vault in a trolley and immediately a unique ID, which is a running number, will be generated. The item will then be photographed using 2D and 3D camera.An accession code with a drop-down menu will be added to the unique ID. The accession code essentially classifies the artifact into ornament, vessel, ritualistic item etc as per international archaeological standard. Malayalam words can be used in inverted coma to describe artifacts and ornaments. The accession code will include date, vault in which the artifact was found. The entire code of an object can run up to 18 digits and contain meaningful data.Then an electronic weighing machine interfaced with the computer system will register the weight. If the artifact is big enough to measure, then its length and breadth will be charted.A purity testing machine will chart all metals according to a periodic table classification and test each metal for individual purity. If there are precious stones in the ornament, two gemologists on stand-by will determine the age, and clarity of the gem. This is the only manual process in the inventory and documentation procedure. The artifact will then be packed in natural yarn, put in a pouch, bar-coded and kept in the outbox that will be taken back to the vault.To avoid redundancy and to double the workflow in coming days, two numbers of each machine have been brought. It includes, a purity testing machine 4 categories of weighing machines totalling to eight, laser engraving machine borrowed from ISRO, 2D and 3D photography cameras, bar coding machine.Keltron is using FOSS software for the documentation and inventory process and works on two independent isolated networks. Surveillance and videography is also being carried out by Keltron with the police as its monitoring agency. The inventory takers will have to stand the entire time, as no one is allowed to sit before the God, and dress according to temple rules in Mundu. Some of the artifacts may only be handled by temple priests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962677", "title": "Heidi Klum removes wedding ring", "text": "Barely a few days after Seal was photographed minus his wedding band, supermodel Heidi Klum has done the same and removed her wedding ring from her ring finger.Klum was recently photographed taking her sons to a karate class in Los Angeles with a bare finger. As she held her boys Henry and Johan's hands, she kept a straight face as the paparrazzi had a firld day taking pictures. The couple announced their split last month amidst much speculation that Seal's hard partying ways and their huge fights were getting out of control. The end of the six year marriage took many by surprise since the couple have usually been quite vocal about their feelings for each other, even famously renewing their wedding vows annually. However, in spite of announcing their separation, the couple had kept their wedding bands in place. So when Seal stepped out on Valentine's Day without his wedding ring, it sent out a very clear message. Klum was pictured on the same day with her ring still on.But now sources say that both sides are ready to move on and Heidi chose to wear fashionable cocktail rings on her hand instead of her simple gold wedding ring. The mother-of-four has remained firmly quiet since the separation, but Seal has made no secret of his hopes to reconcile. \"There is nothing to reconcile. We haven't fallen out. We're not getting divorced. We're not even legally separated... I want our children to be happy. I want Heidi to be happy. It's always been like that,\" Seal has said publicly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "11956909", "title": "Property document seized from engineer's locker", "text": "JAISALMER: A day after 'crorepati' engineer Ram Narayan Choudhary's residence was searched by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB), the agency recovered property documents worth crores of rupees from his Bank of Baroda locker in Sardulshahar area in Bikaner on Sunday.Also, 900 gm gold, 800 gm silver, cash, fixed deposit receipts and a cheque worth USD 4000 (over Rs 2 lakh approx) of an American bank was also seized.Documents of agricultural land in Delhi, and a plot in Rohtak in his wife Nirmala Chaudhary's name were recovered, said Sanjeev Narjari, DIG, ACB.Meanwhile, searches are on at the engineer's houses in Bikaner and Pali districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955889", "title": "Mini-truck hits police van", "text": "NAGPUR: A major accident was averted as there were no people or cops in front of Jaripatka police station where a mini-truck rammed into a pan kiosk after crashing into a garage. Earlier, it hit a police van on Sunday night.Sources in Jaripatka police station said that the mini-truck, heading towards Jaripatka Chowk from Nari, veered towards left as the driver lost control. The driver was under the influence of alcohol and hit a police van parked outside the police station gate.The vehicle further veered towards a make-shift garage in front of the gate and rammed into it. Jaripatka police sources said that constables and officers spend most of the time near the gate. Thankfully, there was no one near the spot when the incident took place.\"The driver was so drunk that he was not able to give a statement,\" said a police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957177", "title": "Ten speed-interceptor vans to capture violators on camera", "text": "NEW DELHI: The traffic police plans to use 10 speed interceptor vans across the city to take pictures of violating vehicles - along with the time, location and speed - which would be included in the challan posted to the offender's address within 48 hours. \"A printout of the picture, along with the challan, will be sent to the vehicle owner's house through courier or a traffic police officer,\" joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg has said.Speeding violations are booked under section 112/183 of the Motor Vehicle Act. Commercial vehicles found speeding are booked for Supreme Court violations with a fine of Rs 2000, impounding of the vehicle and even suspension of the permit for up to 30 days, said traffic cops. The speed limit for private vehicles is 60 kmph in most stretches and 70 kmph in others, while commercial vehicles cannot move faster than than 40 kmph anywhere in Delhi.If the vehicle has been sold and the sale not been registered formally, the original owner will be liable to pay the fine, warned traffic cops. While the challans will be posted to vehicle owners with Delhi number plates, speeding vehicles registered in other states will be challaned on the spot. \"Since it gets difficult to track down owners of vehicles registered outside Delhi, traffic officers will challan them on the spot,\" said an officer.Those getting challans at home will have to pay the fine within seven days, after which the challan will be sent to court. \"If the vehicle owner does not respond to court summons, a warrant can be issued in his name. We are not letting any offenders escape,\" said a senior traffic police officer. The department is also in the process of acquiring equipment capable for working at night as well, Garg said.Random checks have already started in high-speed stretches like the Salimgarh bypass, Ring Road, outer Ring Road, NH-8, NH-10, NH-2, DND, NH-1 and Road Number 56. Other spots will also soon come under checking, cops said.Traffic cops said earlier, a speed-checking team would comprise 30-odd policemen who flag down vehicles and issue challans. \"Even motorists who committed no offense suffered due to jams. There have been cases where traffic policemen have been assaulted while conducting these checks. Last year, one of our officers was killed in such an incident near Ashram,\" said a senior officer.Last year, more than 44,000 challans were issued for speeding. In 2012, cops expect to issue two lakh challans that will hopefully curb the menace of speeding, the single biggest cause of fatal accidents.If the vehicle has been sold to someone but the ownership records have not been changed, the person under whose name the vehicle is registered will be held accountable and will have to cough up the fine, said cops.\"We receive a number of complaints when the owner of the vehicle is contacted for challan that the vehicle has already been sold off. We will not be entertaining any such requests and the registered owner will have to pay the challan,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957477", "title": "Five decades on, compact campus eludes Patna University", "text": "PATNA: Even though Patna University (PU) is the seventh oldest university of the Indian subcontinent, it does not have a compact campus, causing much inconvenience to its students and faculty members.With its different constituent colleges, university departments and institutes located in different parts of the city, the university cannot dream of having a compact campus. While Patna Women's College is located in west Patna, Patna Law College lies in the eastern part.Even the postgraduate departments of different faculties are not located at one place or in continuity. The department of history is located at Darbhanga House, while sociology department functions at Vanijya Mahavidyalaya. The geography department functions at Patna College, the law department is situated at Rani Ghat and the department of education runs at Langertoli. All the departments of science faculty are located on the premises of Patna Science College.Darbhanga House, which accommodates as many as 20 departments of the faculties of humanities and social sciences, happens to be the single largest centre of postgraduate teaching and research in the university. And, unfortunately, this block is the most neglected one.The accommodation in this complex has always been less than the actual requirement for classrooms, libraries, reading room, staff rooms and students' common room. The problem of space is so acute that teachers have to face difficulty in engaging classes as per timetable due to non-availability of space.The ambitious plan of the university to have its campus in continuity from Patna Law College in the east to Magadh Mahila College in the west has not materialized as yet. As early as 1960, the then Patna Improvement Trust had, in its Greater Patna plan, envisaged a compact academic campus of PU. Under the plan, all the private land and buildings located north of Ashok Raj Path were to be acquired and given to PU. Government buildings like the collectorate and the civil court were to be shifted to some suitable place near Kumhrar in south Patna.Former PU vice-chancellor M Mohiuddin suggested that a moderately high wall to the north of Ashok Raj Path should be erected to insulate the university campus from the market. All the private buildings north of Ashok Raj Path (within the university area) should be removed.He further observed that the Saidpur complex should be developed to serve as a contiguous campus of PU. For this, it would be necessary to acquire some area to connect the Saidpur complex with the main campus and to widen some link roads and lanes, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11962598", "title": "Beni Prasad-EC row: Congress says he holds poll panel in high esteem", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of Union steel minister Beni Prasad Verma's likely response to the Election Commission on minorities' sub-quota issue, Congress on Monday said the party leader holds the poll authority in the highest esteem.\"Certainly, the intent or effect (of what he said) of it was neither to vitiate any law nor to violate any code of conduct,\" Congress spokesman Abhishek Singhvi told reporters shortly after Verma met him.Noting that Verma is \"a very veteran politician\", Singhvi said there was no question of slightest disrespect to the EC intended or done in any manner because \"I know Verma holds it (Election Commission) in the highest esteem\".Singhvi, who is a senior Supreme Court advocate, said, Verma will request the EC to take a balanced view of the whole thing and make it clear that he did not intend to bring down the dignity of the poll panel even fractionally. The Commission had issued a showcause notice to the steel minister on Saturday, seeking clarification on his remarks on sub-quota for minorities.At a rally in Farrukabad on February 15, Verma had said reservations for minorities must be increased and had dared the EC to take action against him.After elaborating on the \"plight\" of Muslims and the facilities that his party would provide to the community, Verma had specifically requested people to vote for the Congress. The Commission, which had seen the video recording of Verma's rally, had said it was prima facie satisfied after seeing the footage that the minister had violated the provisions of the model code of conduct.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956668", "title": "Burqa-clad now turn beachwear designers", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Wearing a traditional Muslim headscarf, Farmana Sheikh, 18, has never been to a beach. Yet, she designs brightly-coloured bikinis and beachwear. \"Fashion sense and firm will,\" says Farmana, who is learning basic fashion designing. \"I want to become self-reliant.\"Farmana is among a bunch of young Muslim students at the Sultan Ahmed Institute of Fashion Design (SAIF) run by Ahmedabad Sunni Muslim Wakf Committee. SAIF had only a handful of students for its various courses till 2002. After the post-Godhra riots, however, it saw a sudden spurt in Muslim men and women signing up to learn computer technology, spoken English and fashion design. There was an urgent need in the community to upgrade skills and show they were as mainstream as anyone else.Many men in the community had also lost their jobs in the riots and these brave women decided to supplement the family income with their new skills. Burqa-clad Farooki Nasima, 19, is specializing on newer versions of cholis and designer saris.\"While doing an assignment for bridal and traditional wear, I realized I loved experimenting on saris. I have created a giraffe print chiffon sari with a backless sleeveless choli.\" \"We don't aspire to wear these designs,\" says Memon Aqsa, 17, another fashion design student who is working on creating crochet beachwear with hat and beach shoes. \"But we certainly aspire to sell these creations at a good rate and aim to aid to our family income.\"\"The motto is to make these youngsters self-sufficient,\" says managing director of the centre, Rais Munshi. \"Unemployment among Muslims reached to a new peak after 2002 riots. Many young Muslim girls and boys were forced to come out and develop professional skills to earn a living.\"After the riots, the centre saw a 50% jump in boys students and a 30% rise in girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow/etawah", "code": "11955268", "title": "On his 'karmbhoomi', Mulayam makes an emotional connect", "text": "LUCKNOW/ETAWAH: \"Yahan par mera raajnitik samman daon par laga hai. Aapko na sirf iski raksha karni hai, isko aur mazboot banana hai kyonki yehi meri karmbhoomi hai\" (My political esteem is in your hands now. It is your responsibility not only to protect it but make it stronger because this is my work area that I represent in the parliament). This is how an emotional Mulayam Singh Yadav began his address at most of the dozen odd public meetings that he addressed in the SP bastions of Mainpuri and Etawah in the last 48 hours.At his last public meeting of the schedule held at Government Inter College in Etawah on Sunday, Mulayam urged the young voters to exercise their franchise in maximum numbers as he reiterated the promises of his party manifesto on unemployment allowance to jobless youths, pension to farmers, free irrigation water and free medical treatment for the poor.Mulayam had made similar appeals while addressing his first public meeting in Mainpuri - his parliamentary constituency. On Saturday, he had addressed four public meetings - one in each of the assembly constituencies under Mainpuri parliamentary segment.And on Sunday, he was touring Etawah. Mainpuri and Etawah happen to be a matter of prestige for SP owing to its undisputed hold in most of the constituencies which are set to go to election in the fifth phase on February 23. The SP is facing a challenge in Karhal assembly constituency of Mainpuri where SP candidate Sobaran Singh Yadav is pitted against Urmila Yadav, a close relative of Mulayam contesting as a Congress party candidate after the SP denied her the ticket. Of the Mainpuri district's five assembly seats, SP has three sitting MLAs, while the remaining two are shared by BJP and BSP.Addressing a gathering at Government Inter College ground on Sunday, Mulayam targeted the BSP accusing it of amassing black money from every possible end. \"When we tried to raise our voice, we were implicated in fake criminal cases. Imagine one SP worker facing 70 FIRs within a span of 60 days, but we are determined to help the people of the state to get rid of this corrupt dispensation in the state,\" Mulayam said.Specifying certain sections of his manifesto on free medical treatment for the poor, Mulayam said, \"Those suffering from critical diseases like cancer, kidney, heart and liver ailments will be treated free of cost at government facilities.\"He also announced that 17 castes which are presently treated as other backward classes (OBCs) will be entitled to all facilities extended to the Scheduled Castes in the state. His announcement of waving off farmer loans up to Rs 50,000 within hours of his government coming to power generated applause from the crowd. A host of local leaders from other political parties led by former BSP MLA Ravindra Singh Chauhan joined the SP during the event.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "11958302", "title": "Udupi bypoll a litmus test for BJP", "text": "MANGALORE: The Udupi-Chikmagalur by-election will test the popularity of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which is reeling under many scams, including the latest porngate involving three of its ministers, as also of D V Sadananda Gowda who vacated the seat after becoming the chief minister.The Congress party, which saw its stronghold rattled by the BJP in the 1998 elections, after six consecutive victories, made a come back in the next poll in 1999. But since then, the Congress has not been able to hold on its own and has lost at the husting as its vote bank was divided by other secular parties.If the Janata Dal (Secular) nominates a candidate this poll, it will result in a triangular fight, but in reality the JD(S) has not been a credible performer in the coast, but will act as a spoilsport for the Congress.\"If they (Congress) give us due respect, we will do the needful. They claim to be a national party. How much they have lost their base lock stock and barrel in the state they are not aware of. Resting in past glory does not help. If they talk arrogantly, we know what to do,\" say JD(S) leaders. The JD(S) wants to nominate a candidate from the party not to give fodder to the BJP. The JD(S) says that in case of barter, the Congress should nominate Jayaprakash Hegde who was earlier with the JD(S).\"B L Shankar does not have much support among the Janata Dal party workers,\" sources said. In case there is no truce, there are talks that Madhu Bangarappa, son of former chief minister S Bangarappa from the Ediga community, may be nominated. It will prove to be risky for both the national parties as the coast has a sizeable Billava presence. A local Congress leader said names of Jayaprakash Hegde, Vinaya Kumar Sorake, B L Shankar, D K Taradevi and also B K Hariprasad were doing the rounds.\"There are no talks happening with the JD(S) as of now. We will see after we announce our candidate which should happen within the next three days,'' the leader said. The BJP is considering former Karkala MLA Sunil Kumar, apart from two others.The parties will have to tread carefully while choosing candidates as the parliamentary constituency has four each assembly segments of the coast and Malnad region which are diverse in culture as well as political affiliations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960613", "title": "Maddy's food binge ruins kissing act with Bipasha", "text": "How his love for Punjabi food nearly ruined his kissing scene with Bipasha BasuR Madhavan is not the kind who shies away from kissing his heroines on screen. Remember the searing lip-lock with Vidya Balan in Guru? But if reports are to be believed, Maddy may be just a wee bit out of practice. What with all the jokes about his kissing scene with Bipasha for their next going viral in the industry.It happened like this. The unit of Jodi Breakers was shooting in Greece on an island called Mykonos. According to our source from the unit, the shoot was on for 12-13 days, during which all 75 people in the unit were living on local cuisine. \"Eventually, they were all craving for Indian food,\" revealed our source, adding that some Punjabi boys who were regulars on the set, offered to treat them to some home-style food.On the 14th day of the shoot, the boys brought some delicious Punjabi khana for the unit. The menu included Butter Chicken, Sarson da Saag and Makke di Roti along with salads and pickles. \"The food was literally wiped off the plates. Everyone ate heartily, especially Maddy, who dug in with gusto,\" says the source.After the feast, it was time to shoot, with a pivotal kissing scene between the protagonists scheduled for the evening. \"Initially Bipasha had her reservations about the scene as she is close to Maddy's wife Sarita, but director Ashwini Chowdhury convinced her to do the scene. However immediately after the kissing scene, Bipasha rushed to her make-up room and did not come out for the longest time,\" recalls the source.It was only much later it emerged that Maddy, in his foodie enthusiasm, may have eaten one too many onions for his co-star's comfort. Thankfully for the unit, the mood on the sets soon swung back to a jovial one, once it turned into a joke. In fact, Bipasha too lightened up when she realised how the unit was actually making light of the situation.From what we hear, Maddy stayed away from pickles and onions after that incident, despite being tempted several times. Which explains why, the two other kissing scenes with Bipasha went off uneventfully. When contacted, Chowdhury refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "it is a tough job for stablehands", "code": "11957797", "title": "Syce holds the reins", "text": "It is a tough job for stablehands: they clean and care for the prized breeds and also build bonds with them. Often, close encounters with temperamental rogue horses bring along occupational hazards like bodily harmAt a time when syces are holding racing to ransom at the Bangalore Turf Club, a premier horse racing centre, it is important to understand the role of a syce in the racing world.A syce (stablehand) is a good spoke in the wheel of fortune of a horse, and it's the syce who attends to all the basic needs of the animal -- be it feeding, washing , scrubbing, walking, talking and even preparing its bed in the stables.Though syces do not come under the skilled worker category, the one important test the syce needs to pass to work in the stables is to understand the horse and build a happy bond with it. Like a good talented horse provides a jockey an armchair ride to success, a good syce and a jamedaar (stable supervisor) make the job of a trainer easy.Apart from his tough daily routine, the syce needs to monitor the feed intake and health condition of the horse, and at times, perform the duty of a male nurse, applying balm, changing bandages and providing comfort to injured horses.It is a tough and risky occupation, considering the fact that syces need to deal with a lot of temperamental rogue horses who love to bully and terrorize their caretakers, kicking, biting and refusing to take orders, trying to send the message that in this game, the animal is boss.The profession is not paying and the occupation fails to draw workers, simply because the salary of a syce is much lower than that of a sweeper or gardener at the Bangalore Turf Club. A syce is paid a paltry Rs 4,850 per month, which is just not enough to meet ends. Today, most of the syces are from Bihar . Unlike tailors, cobblers, potters and goldsmiths, who continue with the family tradition, no syce encourages his children to take up the job, which is another reason why syces are in short supply, both at breeding farms and racing centres.No syces, no racing -- that's how important this cog is in the race wheel, the foot soldier in this sport of kings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957174", "title": "Teenagers' joyride ends in a crash", "text": "HYDERABAD: A teenage boy crashed a Honda City into the compound wall of a mosque on Road Number 3 in Banjara Hills in the early hours of Sunday. The boy and three others in the car, all Class IX students of a private school in Ameerpet, suffered minor injuries in the accident. Police slapped cases against the minor driver and the owner of the vehicle. According to the Banjara Hills police, the four were students of Narayana Concept School at Dharam Karan Road.Three of them met at the residence of the fourth member on Saturday and stayed back for the night at his place in Kamalapuri colony in Punjagutta. At about 7 am, the teenagers saw the Honda City car, belonging to the uncle of the host, parked in the house and decided to go for a quick joyride. \"While negotiating the curve near Green Mosque on Road Number 3, the teenager lost control over the vehicle and rammed into the boundary wall of the mosque. All the four suffered minor injuries,\" Banjara Hills sub-inspector (SI) M Venkateswar Rao told TOI. The teens were quickly rushed to a nearby hospital by locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "erode", "code": "11956771", "title": "Two cops knocked down by lorry", "text": "ERODE: Two policemen of the Armed Reserve Force died early Sunday morning when they met with a road accident near Sathyamangalam in Erode district. The two were returning to their camp after finishing duty at Puliyampatti checkpost.S N Ramesh, 31, and S Balakrishnan, 31, were working as constables in Armed Reserve Police force in Erode. They were posted at the Puliyampatti checkpost near Sathyamangalam. Around 4.30 am on Sunday, they were on their way to their camp by bike after finishing their duty. A speeding unknown vehicle hit the two-wheeler and fled from scene. The two were seriously injured. Ramesh died on the spot and Balakrishnan was declared brought dead at the Sathyamangalam Government Hospital.While Ramesh was a native of Chennimalai in Erode, Balakrishnan was a native of Athani near Erode.Erode Superintendent of Police S Panneerselvam said, \"Ten men from the armed reserved police have been deputed to Sathyamangalam and nearby checkposts to intensify the vehicle check. We suspect that when the policemen tried to overtake a lorry, Ramesh's face might have hit at the hook on the left side of the lorry and both were knocked down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11958100", "title": "In Patti, students have to travel 100 kms to appear for CBSE exam", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Imagine travelling nearly a 100 kms on narrow village roads, navigating four railway crossings and two rivers enroute, to arrive at a centre to take class X CBSE board exams. Shocking, but true, as far as a few hundred children of Patti, the first town from the Indo-Pak border in Punjab, are concerned. Parents of students studying in CBSE-affiliated schools are up in arms against the board as the city has not seen a CBSE centre, ever since India became a free country.Hundreds of angry parents have registered their angst with schools affiliated to CBSE after it became known that the centre for students from Patti, Khem Karan, has now been made at Chabbal, another small border town. Since there are few CBSE affiliated schools in the area, children living in villages barely two kilometers from Pakistan border will also have to travel that far to give board exams.\"This is insane. How can a child think rationally and give the tough board exams, after travelling for so long and undertaking an arduous journey. Already, the stress for board exams is high and competition is stiff,\" said Gulshinder Singh, father of Rattanjeet, a class X student studying in Patti.\"We have made several representations to CBSE in Mohali and Delhi but to no avail. Every year, we seek permission, but this border town of Patti has never ever been chosen for a CBSE centre and India has been a free country for over 60 years,\" said Joshinder, a principal, requesting anonymity.Last year, Tarn Taran, which is about 30 kms from Patti, was made a centre but this year, intra-school rivalries are being blamed for the shift in CBSE centre. \"The schools have vested interests and give misleading information to CBSE authorities. Nobody from CBSE does a ground reality check and it is the students who suffer,\" said Manjit Kaur, mother of a student, who has registered a protest with CBSE.Speaking to TOI, R J Khanderao, regional director, CBSE, said, \"We have received complaints about inconvenience being caused to students. These have been verified and we have been told that the distance, though is an issue, is manageable. We do not encourage self-centres and limited options have compelled us to keep the centre a little distance away.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958077", "title": "How Dadar was won", "text": "The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena's (MNS) 'Dadar pattern' is the talking point in Mumbai's political circles. It bagged all seven wards in Dadar, thanks to MLA Nitin Sardesai's managerial skills and a well-planned campaign.Sardesai set up a war room in his Dadar office from where he monitored campaigns of all seven MNS candidates. \"I took charge of the nitty-gritty,'' said Sardesai, who began as an entrepreneur before entering politics.\"I hired a lawyer and a chartered accountant to ensure the candidates' nomination papers were in order,'' he said, adding, \"My office dealt with the daily task of seeking police permission and other clearances for the campaign. The staff also took care of filing expenses to the Election Commission's office. This gave candidates more time on their campaign.'' Sardesai also met the MNS' Seven Samurais daily. \"I met them twice a day, in the afternoon and at night, discussing the next day's itinerary.''Sardesai even finalised a dress code for the candidates. \"I made them wear formals-black trousers with belts and spotless white shirts. The archetypical politician's kurta is a no-no,'' he pointed out.Sources said Milind Vaidya, former mayor and Sena vibhag-pramukh of Mumbai north-central, resigned on Sunday owning responsibility for the Shiv Sena's disastrous performance in Dadar, the party's stronghold for over four decades.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957105", "title": "Congress, TRS workers clash", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tension prevailed in Patancheru after Congress and TRS supporters confronted each in a slanging match. Protesters staged a dharna on NH-9 holding up traffic on the busy road for about an hour.Protesting against 'derogatory' remarks by local TRS leader Raghunandan against local Congress MLA Nandiswar Goud, about 50 supporters staged a dharna in front of the former's house on Sunday. In response, around 20 local TRS activists staged a rasta roko on NH-9. Police arrived on the scene to arrest 20 TRS activists who were later released on personal bonds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11958001", "title": "Leopard land is now a satellite town", "text": "BANGALORE: Time was when you'd catch leopards here, back in the 1980s. Today, Kengeri, off Mysore Road in the city's south-west , is a full-fledged satellite town and bustling suburb , a far cry from what was wild bush land.One man who can testify to Kengeri's journey from a typical village to an urban locale in 30 years is Jnanpith award winner Chandrashekara Kambar, writer and folklorist . \"When I first came to Kengeri in 1970, there was nothing around my house, except bushes and shrubs. There were only kaccha roads. But I didn't think I would one day have to vacate a village all because the city came to my doorstep in the form of road widening. That's how much Kengeri has changed.\"\"I went to Kengeri because it was far from the hustle and bustle of the city. I wanted a place that left me to myself, and there was my work at Bangalore University. Then, there was open air and silence. In the 90s, things changed - houses came up one by one as a layout was formed and people began to settle down. It turned urban and residential,\" says Kambar.Joe H, long-time resident, says Kengeri is the story of leopard land turning into a township . \"In the late 80s, we had caught two leopards here. It was bush land and towards Mysore Road, the forest patches were a natural shelter for animals. A bit of that greenery and silence and serenity is still there, we also have clean roads, a good park and two lakes.\"The park stretches a long way, covering more than four roads, while the lake inside the township attracts a good number of birds. The larger lake, closer to Mysore Road, is also a bird hub.Mall Culture Yet To ArriveMorning walk are popular among elders, while young parents and their children prefer the park, and a visit to the lake. A private club on Mysore Road offers swimming, tennis and the like. While there are small retail food and vegetable outlets, the township doesn't have a major supermarket, mall and multiplex - for such entertainment , residents have to go to Raja Rajeshwarinagar. Cyber cafes and kirana stores dot the landscape.The most pressing civic issue, according to Joe, is uncleared sewage. \"By and large, the township is clean, but in some parts, sewage is not cleared. Garbage is thrown on the road and near the lake.\"One other issue that made headlines was a liquor store bang on 1st Main Road, Kengeri . \"It was right opposite my house. How can you have a bar where parents, children, elders walk? A campaign was launched by residents to get it vacated,\" says Kambar.Though a good 15km from Majestic and 18km from MG Road, Kengeri has two connectivity points - it touches Nice Road, giving access to Electronic City and ITPL from the left, and travelling right, to Yeshwanthpur and Nelamangala. Two major exit points via Nice Road ensures this locality has key access points. Mysore Road is the direct link to Kengeri, but much like Raja Rajeshwarinagar , access is hampered by Metro work.Bus service to KR Market, Majestic, Banashankari and even Yelahanka and ITPL is good. \"People take trains to the city too, as all Mysore-Bangalore trains stop at Kengeri. The train ride to Majestic is convenient, given the problems on Mysore Road. Bidadi is also accessible by train,\" points out Joe.\"Educationally, Kengeri is close to R V College of Engineering, Bangalore University, Sports Authority of India, Ambedkar Engineering and Medical College, a media and printing press centre at Kumbalgodu, BGS School, college and hospital, and private schools and colleges. Kengeri is close to Bidadi Industrial Area, with the Toyota factory and a few bottling units, an upcoming solar electricity transmission centre as well as Kumbalgodu Industrial Area,\" says M Harikumar, engineering professional.Software firms haven't yet reached here, except for two close to Raja Rajeshwarinagar, part of an IT park bordering Banashankari sixth stage. While the corporate, tech crowd is thin, the presence of students and central government employees is strong.The Old And The NewKengeri was ruled by the Gangas, Cholas, Hoysalas, Marathas and Wadiyars Tipu Sultan had reportedly taken shelter at Kengeri fort during fight with British Has an old gurukula and mutt Recently built temples - Sri Rama, Someshwara, Anjaneya, Yellamma and Ganapati Animal Rights Fund and People For Animals maintain animal shelters hereIn Their WordsKengeri was a forest patch, now it's turned into a township. Individual housing is predominant with apartment culture yet to become intense. There is adequate flora and fauna, and the lake is home to 40 species of birds. It is selfcontained and well-connectedKishan CH | General Manager, PfaIt's a suburb set to boom in the coming days. Once the Metro arrives, it will change Kengeri's connectivity and residents can travel all the way to ITPL in Whitefield. People now travel by busAnkit R | Student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961133", "title": "Amy Jackson and I share a great bonding: Prateik", "text": "Prateik will come across the most shy and quiet person, but, this budding actor has been active with various films in 2011 and was talked about by critics for his good performances.Now, Prateik is all set for the romantic role as his film Ekk Deewana Tha is released. We ask Prateik on what is his chemistry with Amy Jackson like? \"I share a great bonding with Amy. She is very understanding and it was fun time shooting with her for the film.\" And that apart Prateik confesses about the person he is closest to, \"My grandmother is world to me. She is the one because of whom I'm what you see me today.\"And what is his take on the controversy between him and Arya Babbar? To this, he plainly declines to talk, \"I really don't wish to comment on that episode.\" Ask him on why he doesn't prefer to publicize himself much? \"I let my work talk more than words. If I do a good work, it will be talked by all and I won't need to keep talking all the time about it.\" Now, that doesn't mean he doesn't 'talk' work, he is all excited about his upcoming film Isaaq, \"Although can't unveil much about it. But, it is a good and challenging role and I'm looking forward to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956456", "title": "JNNURM, farmers\u2019 loan waiver scheme under CAG lens", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) is giving final touches to two reports where it has pointed out anomalies in allocation of funds under the centrally-run JNNURM scheme and UPA government's debt waiver to farmers in 2008, something the opposition may use as a stick to beat the government during the budget session.In the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), the CAG, sources said, is reviewing how central funds were released to some states despite the civic bodies of those states not fulfilling the laid down guidelines. The funds were linked to reforms to be initiated by these states, and the mission was limited for a seven year period starting 2005-06.However, in many cases, it was found that no reforms were initiated though the Centre continued to spend all its budget allocation, defeating the goal for which the funds were meant. In some cases, the auditor has pointed at losses due to violation of tender guidelines.In the farmers' debt waiver scheme, the CAG has received banking data from RBI and has also examined the books of state-owned banks and regional rural banks. CAG has scanned the disbursement of debt waiver made by public sector banks across the country with sample field visits.CAG officials involved with the review were tight-lipped though they admitted that they had examined whether state-owned banks were judicious in disbursement and also whether the beneficiaries included only large farmers and those with perennial credit default history. Opposition parties had earlier alleged that marginal farmers were ignored in the debt waiver scheme.\"We have examined how effectively the agricultural debt waiver scheme was implemented,\" a CAG official said. Though CAG normally doesn't audit banks, in this case, it audited their books to verify how effective the farm debt waiver was. Banks are usually audited by RBI and chartered accountants.The debt waiver scheme was announced in the union budget of 2008-09 and covered all agricultural loans disbursed by commercial banks, regional rural banks and cooperative credit institutions to farmers. Political pundits say it helped the UPA government bounce back to power in 2009 as the ruling Congress benefitted largely in states that consumed most of the waiver package.Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra and UP were the largest beneficiaries of the 2008 debt waiver package where the Congress got maximum parliamentary seats. The three states alone consumed nearly 40% of the total waiver package offered to farmers across 35 states and Union Territories.Andhra Pradesh extended the maximum waiver of more than Rs 11,000 crore with about 80 lakh farmers benefiting from the scheme, followed by UP with Rs 10,000 crore to at least 54 lakh farmers and Maharashtra with Rs 9,000 crore to over 42 lakh farmers.According to the finance ministry, at least 4 crore farmers have benefited from the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11950858", "title": "Akshay Kumar, Twinkle not splitting!", "text": "Actor Akshay Kumar is upset, not with wife Twinkle Khanna but with reports that have been making the rounds...It was reported that not all was well in Akshay Kumar-Twinkle Khanna's paradise. And that the handsome couple was heading for a split. What triggered the rumours was the observation that Akshay Kumar and Twinkle Khanna hadn't attended any social do together for a long time now - something that they did more often a few months ago.It was noticed that Akshay didn't go where Twinkle did, and vice versa. However, a source close to the couple says that it's silly to assume things like these. \"Akshay and Twinkle are perfectly happy. Akshay takes out time for the family; he is crazy about Twinkle and dotes on Aarav.\"We are told that Akshay, too, was so miffed with the rumours, that he is heard to have said, \"You speak anything about me and my work, it's ok, but getting family into it all is insensitive, and especially news that is false and would upset my family.\" The actor is extremely guarded about his parivaar and wouldn't let any harm come to them.Only a few weeks ago, problems between Shah Rukh Khan and Gauri Khan were reported. But all's well that ends well. And fortunately, no one's doing the 'split' in Bollywood just yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11957239", "title": "\u2018Talking dictionaries\u2019 to help save languages", "text": "LONDON: Social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, and the internet may help save the world's endangered languages, including Ho from India, from extinction, according to linguists.Some 3,500 of the world's 7,000 languages are expected to be extinct from use by the end of the century. Now, a team has unveiled eight \"talking dictionaries\" as part of a project to save thousands of ancient tongues on verge of extinction.The lexicon featues Ho which is a Munda language of Austroasiatic language family spoken primarily in India by about 3,803,126 people. Written with the Devanagari and the Varang Kshiti scripts, it's spoken by Ho people. The script was founded and developed by pandit Lako Bodra.Digital dictionaries also feature 32,000 written words and, 24,000 audio recordings from native speakers from remote corners of the world, 'The Daily Telegraph' said.David Harrison , from Swarthmore College in Philadelphia, project leader, said, \"You can have a language spoken by only 50 or 500 people in only one location, and now through digital technology that language can achieve a global voice. \"Endangered language communities are adopting digital technology to aid their survival and to make their voices heard around the world. This is a positive effect of globalisation.\"The talking dictionaries feature languages like Siletz Dee-in from Oregon and Matukar Panau, an Oceanic language from Papua New Guinea which has only 600 surviving speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960836", "title": "Vinay Forrt is addicted to yoga", "text": "For Apoorvaragam fame Vinay Forrt, yoga is a way of life. So much so, he feels it has influenced his life and career in a positive manner.\"It was my stint in Pune that got me introduced to kalari, yoga, karate and kung fu. I've tried out all martial art forms and also work out daily. But more than anything else, yoga has influenced me a lot,\" says the actor. He then went on to take up a TTC in yoga and is now a trained yoga teacher. \"Yoga helps you focus and concentrate better. It makes you balanced, both mentally and physically,\" he says. He also adds that if he was not an actor, he would just stick to yoga and skip the daily work outs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955102", "title": "HC gets notice for not issuing a copy of a court order", "text": "CHENNAI: The State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission (SCDRC) issued a notice to the registrargeneral of the Madras high court for not issuing a copy of a court order to an advocate. The matter relates to a complaint lodged by advocate Manikandan Vathan Chettiar, who moved the Chennai (North) District Consumer Disputes Refressal Forum stating that though he had applied for a copy of a court order on September 20, 2011, the court authorities had not issued him the copy for reasons best known to them. He has sought `1 lakh as compensation from the high court.In his original complaint, Manikandan submitted that his client-advocate P Sundararajan had filed a writ petition in connection with the alleged telephonic conversation between Kanchi Sankaracharya Sri Jayendra Saraswathi, the prime accused in the sensational Sankararaman murder case, and the trial judge. Noting that he had paid `70 as fee for the copy, he said the officials were indifferent to his reminders too.A district forum bench comprising its president R Mohandoss and member Y Malliga, however, dismissed the complaint stating that Manikandan had not furnished any evidence to show that he actually paid any fee for availing himself of the services high court registry. \"The complainant has not produced even a scrap of paper to show that he had availed himself of the service of the registrar-general by paying any court fee as consideration of service,\" it said.In his present appeal before the commission's bench headed by Justice (retd) M Thanikachalam, Manikandan submitted that the high court does not issue any receipts for payment of court fee. Noting that the forum had failed to take note of this disclosure in the complaint itself, he said non-issuance of receipt itself would amount to deficiency in service.The commission then issued notice to the registrar-general returnable in four weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11955887", "title": "Days after poll loss, Cong takes stock of its options", "text": "NASHIK: With barely 35 seats in their kitty along with their alliance partner, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), the Congress party seems to have accepted its thumping poll defeat with grace.\"We accept people's verdict, though we could not win the number of seats that we had earlier expected. In future, the Congress-NCP combine will try to strengthen its unity and will do good work. We will be a good opposition party in the upcoming five years,\" said city chief of the Congress Akash Chhajed, while talking about the results of the fifth municipal corporation election and the future plans of the party.The Congress will contest the next legislative assembly elections in a full-fledged manner, he said. \"We will give chance to good candidates,\" Chhajed added.Chhajed said that the defeat in the civic corporation elections this year was due to different reasons in different wards. \"Eight of our sitting corporators got defeated, including the important ones like Dr Hemlata Patil, Maya Dive and Amol Jadhav. We will sit down with our senior leaders and introspect the reasons for our defeat. We will also conduct meetings with our ally, NCP, and any major decision will be taken by the chief minister and regional chairperson in tandem,\" he said.Talking about four-time corporator Dr Hemlata Patil, Chhajed said that she was a strong candidate and her defeat was a huge setback for the party.\"Probably because of the division of some wards, the newly formed prabhag that Patil got must have contained very few portions of her old ward, while Sujata Dere must have received the entire section of the old ward. Maya Dive's defeat is also a shock and so is Amol Jadhav's loss, as he had dont a lot of developmental work in his ward.\"On whether the decision not to give senior congress leader Gurumeet Bagga a ticket from the party was wrong considering Bagga's victory as an Independent candidate, Chhajed said, \"The decision was taken at a senior level. Prabhag eight, from where Bagga contested as an Independent candidate, also has a Congress winner Vimal Patil, who got many votes. Bagga won because of his merit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957060", "title": "Civic infra bodies get a raw deal in Budget", "text": "Hyderabad is the sixth largest metropolitan city in the country. Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation is, incidentally, the fourth biggest municipal corporation. Hyderabad Metropolitan Area (HMA) has a population of 77 lakh, with GHMC alone accounting for 68 lakh, as per 2011 census. This urban sprawl, spread over Hyderabad and parts of Ranga Reddy and Medak districts, is a veritable goldmine contributing massive revenues of Rs 70,000 crore to their exchequers annually.In fact, bulk of the central government's tax revenues from AP are contributed by HMA. And, this metropolis region yields almost two-thirds of the state's own revenues-tax and non-tax receipts-amounting to Rs 71,215 crore in the ensuing financial year 2012-13. However, the state government has meted out a raw deal to GHMC and other civic infrastructure providers in the HMA when it comes to making budgetary allocations for them. In the state Budget for 2012-13, finance minister Anam Ramanarayana Reddy has allocated only Rs 3,259 crore for these civic infra providers out of the allocations of Rs 17,355 crore earmarked for urban development, energy sector and police administration. Four civic infra bodies-GHMC, Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA), Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board (HMWSSB) and Quli Qutub Shah Urban Development Authority (QQSUDA) --account for budgetary allocations of Rs 2,521 crore out of Rs 6,586 crore set apart for urban development.However, the Hyderabad and Cyberabad Police commissionerates get budgetary support of only Rs 598 crore out of the total provision of Rs 4,832 crore for police administration in the State. Only Rs 140 crore has been earmarked for the Central Power Distribution Company of AP (APCPDCL) out of the allocation of Rs 5,937 crore for the energy sector.Among the four bodies coming under Municipal Administration and Urban Development Department (MAUD), HMDA leads the pack with an allocation of Rs 1,220 crore, mainly for Outer Ring Road project and Hussainsagar Lake Catchment Area &amp; Improvement project. GHMC comes next with non-plan and plan grants amounting to Rs 678 crore. HMWSSB is provided total allocation of Rs 604 crore, mainly for water supply and sewerage schemes, including Godavari Water Supply project and Krishna Water Supply project Phase-III. QQSUDA gets a measly allocation of Rs 19 crore for taking up works in the Old City area, where a sizeable chunk of Hyderabad's Muslim population lives. Non-plan grants for GHMC include Rs 4 crore for salaries of officers borne on state cadre, Rs 40 crore towards property tax on state government properties, Rs 6 crore as compensation on exempted properties, Rs 100 crore towards share of profession tax, a meager 60 lakh as compensation for vehicle tax and Rs 50 lakh in lieu of octroi. The plan grants to GHMC consist of Rs 500 crore for Hyderabad Metro Rail project, Rs 25 crore for MMTS Phase-II and Rs one crore each for Charminar Pedestrianisation project and Urban Community Development project.Among the HMDA projects, Rs 1,075 crore goes to Outer Ring Road project and Rs 145 crore for Hussainsagar Lake project. Godavari Water Supply project is allocated Rs 400 crore and Krishna Water Supply Phase-III is provided only Rs 30 crore among the projects under execution by HMWSSB. The remaining allocations of HMWSSB are earmarked for sewerage and water supply projects in GHMC area, including Rs 4 crore for the project for abatement of Pollution and Conservation of River Musi. The entire allocation of Rs 140 crore for APCPDCL/AP Transco is provided for Transmission System Modernisation and Strengthening project in Hyderabad Metropolitan Area. Incidentally, three projects-Outer Ring Road Phase-II B project and Hussainsagar Lake improvement project of HMDA and Transmission Modernisation Project of APCPDCL -- are funded with assistance from Japan International Cooperation Agency (Jica). The allocation for these projects comes to Rs 945 crore.Though the Finance Minister takes pride in the fact that Hyderabad is hosting the Eleventh Conference of Parties (CoP11) to the Convention on Bio-Diversity (CBD) from October 1 to 19 this year, there is no mention of any allocation for this purpose in the budget. The GHMC authorities have sought special assistance of Rs 200 crore from the state government and another Rs 800 crore from the central government for civic infrastructure improvement and beautification of the metropolis for the mega-event.Surely, the powers-that-be should realize that they must not kill the goose that lays the golden eggs. A gasping Hyderabad with its messy infrastructure can hardly survive this way. Ploughing bulk of the revenues collected here back to this metropolis is the only way to save it from virtual collapse.(The writer is a member of AP Legislative Council and journalist)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955792", "title": "Girl\u2019s abuse was witnessed by friend", "text": "NEW DELHI: The chief warden, warden and a watchman of Arya Anathalaya were arrested on Saturday. Another accused in this case is the 14-year-old who has already been arrested for abusing the girl who died in January. Chief warden Chauhan and warden Maurya have been working at the orphanage for two years now.Two girls in the orphanage told police that Navrattan, who has been working at the orphanage since 1996, caught hold of the 11-year-old in October last year. He reportedly dragged the girl by her hair to a bathroom and sexually abused her. The girl, injured and traumatized, lay near the stairs for almost two and a half hours before one of her friends spotted her and took her away.\"My daughter had seen everything. She saw Navrattan dragging her friend to the bathroom. My daughter had gone to her class after that but when she returned after two and a half hours, she was lying near the stairs and was crying. My daughter gave her support and took her to room. They both lived in same room and studied in class III,\" said the father of one of the girls, who has since left the orphanage. The girl had recorded her statement in front of the magistrate under section 164 of CrPC. \"These kids are going through hell. Let there be a medical examination of every kid there and then see what comes out,\" the girl's father said.Two cases have been registered so far and the Child Welfare Committee, Delhi government and other agencies are conducting independent inquiries into the functioning of the orphanage. Around 1,100 children continue to live in the orphanage, though several have left since the cases of abuse were exposed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "haibowal", "code": "11956631", "title": "Mahashivratri: Ludhianvis pour out devotion in shivlings", "text": "HAIBOWAL: The Shiv temple in Haibowal has been witnessing a unique activity since February 7. People of all age groups can be seen engrossed in making something with utmost devotion. On prodding further, it's revealed that they all are busy making clay shivlings, and it's not just one, two or even thousands, but over 4 lakh that they have made till now. The number will reach 5 lakh by Monday.During religious festivals and occasions, devotion reaches a peak among one and all, and Shivratri, which falls on Monday, is no different. There is a strong belief among the devotees that whoever makes shivling gets relief from his or her problems and receives Lord Shiva's blessings. So, person of every age group is lending a helping hand in building them. Every hand is contributing several hours to make sure that the designated number of shivlings gets completed in time.If Janak Rani, a homemaker and resident of area, wishes well being of her family, student Shivani Sharma eyes good marks in exams. But majority of the devotees are young girls, sitting in one corner of the temple busy giving shape to clay to form shivlings and secretly or openly wishing a good husband in life.There is a strong belief among people that worshipping Lord Shiva helps girls in getting a good life partner. \"I come to this temple every morning. When I saw people making shivlings I too pitched in. This time Shivratri is falling on Monday, which is considered very auspicious. My mother had also told me to do so because it would help get me a suitable match,\" said Kavita Verma, a student.Say Rani, \"It is very auspicious to make shivlings ahead of Shivratri because our scriptures say that Lord Shiv is the kindest of all Hindu gods and if somebody makes these shivling, he gets his blessings and lead a fulfilled life.\" Hoping of receiving Lord Shiva's blessings, she has been coming every day to the temple for making shivling. These shivlings have been kept in the temple and would be immersed in water on Shivratri. There would be grand celebrations in the temple tomorrow as people would start lining up early in the morning to pay obeisance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956738", "title": "Winning is no hurdle for Amandeep", "text": "LUDHIANA: Amandeep Kaur Gill of Khalsa College for Women is delighted with his performance in annual athletics meet that was held recently. Amandeep won three gold and two silver medals in the meet. This is for the first time that she has given such an exceptional performance in her athletics career.Amandeep, 20, has won gold medal in 50 metre, 100 metre, high jump and silver medal in 200 metre and 100 metres hurdles. She said, \"Being a part of the annual meet was great exposure for me and my performance has boosted my confidence. It was a tough competition as other athletes of the college were also in good form and competed well.''Basically from Gurdaspur district, Amandeep said since her childhood athletics fascinated her and in 2011 she came to know that Ludhiana is best centre for athletics as it has a synthetic track and satisfactory infrastructure for athletes. \"All these factors motivated me to come to this city. I usually practice at Guru Nanak Dev Stadium under the supervision of coach, Gurmeet Singh.''A student of graduation, Amandeep adds, \"My family has been my constant motivation and strength. They have high hopes from me and always motivate me to represent India in international athletic meets so that I can do my country proud. At present, I am practising for state level and national level athletics competitions.''And nothing came without hardwork for this sports enthusiast. Amandeep spends four hours everyday on her practice and takes constant guidance and tips from senior athletes in order to groom her game.\"My college too promotes sports activities and my physical education teachers have always guided me in the game.'' Amandeep's coach, Gurmeet Singh said, \"Amandeep has made us proud by performing very well at the annual meet. She has great stamina and is dedicated towards the field. If she continues to maintain her form then she would surely represent the country in international events.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11949425", "title": "Prateik fails again in Ek Deewana Tha", "text": "Prateik's latest offering Ekk Deewana Tha got trashed by the critics and failed to excite the junta.This young actor who showed tremendous promise in two of Aamir Khan's home productions Jaane Tu ya Jaane Na and Dhobhi Ghat has delivered duds after that.His My Friend Pinto and Ekk Deewana Tha have both met indifference at the box office.The boy himself has also been trashed for sleep walking through his films.Says a trade analyst, Ekk Deewana Tha barely managed 60 odd lakhs on day one. It is a very bad film.''Incidentally the industry is wary of film titles starting with Ek. Recently Ek Main aur Ekk Tu got a lukewarm response whereas Ekk Deewana Tha hasn't taken off.Says a producer-distributor, Eklavya, Ek aur Ek Gyarah and several such films have failed. Perhaps the exceptions to the rule are Ek Phool Do Mali; Ek Duuje Ke Liye and Ek Hi Bhool all yesteryear films.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960621", "title": "Arun\u2019s \u2018left\u2019 ways", "text": "Don't be surprised if actor Arun Vijay gives you his left hand the next time you want to shake hands!For, his character in his upcoming flick Thadaiyara Thaaka is left-handed and Arun seems to have practised that a tad too much. \"We use our right hand so much,\" he says, \"For this film, I wanted to get my body language right as a left hander. So, I practised a lot using my left hand. Whenever someone asked me for something, I consciously gave it with my left hand.\"The toughest, in his opinion, were the fight scenes. \"Even I had to pick up a log to hit the baddies, I had to do so using my left hand,\" he says, \"And I fight most of the time using my left hand and I had to come across as convincing while doing so. Thankfully, the scenes have come out well,\" he explains.The actor has just finished work with music composer Thaman on the last song of the film. \"This song will be better than Kalasala... We've worked hard on it and the only thing left in the film is shooting for this fast number,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962999", "title": "Urvashi back with her loud avatar", "text": "Urvashi who was last seen in \" Apno Ke Liye Geeta Ka Dharmayudh\"will soon enact a cameo in \" Mrs. Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuien\".She plays the role of as Savitri Devi, aka Savvy, a high flying socialite match-maker who is always on the prowl looking for eligible bachelors or eager to be brides. In this special appearance, Urvashi will stay true to her long standing on screen reputation - She will be loud, in your face kind of woman who wears her attitude up her sleeve and does not believe in mincing words.Urvashi confirmed the news saying, \"I am very excited about this role. This is the shaadi season and I am in love with the prospect of being a part of a big fat Indian wedding, dressing up for the occasion and the best part - getting paid for it (wink and a broad smile).\"While Lovely (Ragini Nandwani) and Kartik (Mukul Harish) have planned to celebrate Satyadev ( Rajiv Verma) and Bindeshwari Kaushik's (Vibha Chibber) 35 th wedding anniversary in style, Savitri Devi comes to the party to find suitable brides or grooms under the garb of being a socialite. Radhika (Rubina Dilaik) from Chhoti Bahu, Indira (Rati Pandey) from Hitler Didi, Krishna (Mitali Nag) from Afsar Bitiya and Lata (Namrata Thapa) from Yahaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli enquire about Aarti (Kratika Sengar) from Punar Vivah who is not present for the occasion. Shobha (Shrishti Rode) from Shobha Somnath Kii tells them that Aarti has gone to attend her best friend's wedding.When Bindeshwari tells Savitri Devi that there are no more bachelors left in her family, Radhika and Indira tell her about Aarti's( Kratika Sengar) rishta . Initially Savitri jumps at the prospect but when she comes to know that she is a divorcee, she freaks out saying, \"I don't get divorcees or widows remarried.\" This infuriates all the saas and the bahus present at the celebrations and they all support the cause of Punarvivaah. In a funny turn of events Savitra Devi has no other choice but to succumb to their demand to find a rishta for Aarti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "aluva", "code": "11956548", "title": "Migrant labourer kills 60-yr-old near Kalady", "text": "ALUVA: A 60-year-old man was killed by a migrant labourer in the early hours of Sunday in Arattukadavu near Kalady, said the Kalady police.Kozhikodan Veetil Jose (60) was found dead in the river.Kalady police questioned Rafap Seikh (42), a native of Murshidabad district in West Bengal, for the murder. Jose is survived by his wife Gracy and two daughters.Police said the incident occurred around 6.30 am when Jose was taking a bath. Seikh, under the influence of drugs, confronted Jose and killed him. The deceased's lower lip was bitten off and there were bruises on his body.\"We have taken Seikh into custody and he is being questioned. He told us he committed the murder but keeps changing his statement frequently, which is consistent with what you might expect from a drug addict. He said he had given an idol to Jose sometime ago and trouble started when he asked Jose to return it. There was an argument and he killed Jose,\" said K P Philip, rural SP, Ernakulam. People said Seikh was a habitual drug user. \" We will check if he had any personal grudge against the deceased,\" said John Varghese, circle inspector, Kalady.Cops said he had no remorse and often displayed rage against the deceased. \"Seikh said had he got another chance, he would have chopped Jose to bits and pieces,\" the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11954290", "title": "Mahashivratri: Thousands throng Junagadh to offer prayers", "text": "RAJKOT: Thousands of devotees have thronged Junagadh on the eve of Mahashivaratri on Sunday for the annual five-day fair which has already begun at Girnar.\"Police have stopped vehicles at Majevadi gate and Girnar gate from where the route of the Girnar mount begins,'' said a source. \"This year, Mahashivaratri comes on Monday, which too is a day of Lord Shiva. An attraction of the festival is the procession of Naga babas,'' said sources. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956779", "title": "64-yr-old killed in road accident", "text": "LUDHIANA: A man was killed and his wife severely injured when a speeding canter loaded with iron rods ran over the two-wheeler they were riding on Sunday afternoon near Badhowal village of Ludhiana district. Police said Kulbushan Dharni, 64, a resident of Dugri, died on the spot while his wife Kiran Dharni, 58, is struggling for her life at a city hospital.The couple were on their way to meet relatives in Jagraon on an Activa when the canter, being driven by Rajinder Bhadur, hit them. Investigating officer Sharanjeet Singh said Kiran has sustained severe injuries on her forehead and right shoulder.\"We have arrested the driver and registered a case against him. The deceased's body has been sent to civil hospital where a post-mortem will be conducted on Monday,'' said Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957283", "title": "3 tried to sell off Sikh holy book for 20cr", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three persons have been arrested on charges of trying to sell off an old, hand-written copy of the Guru Granth Sahib - the holy book of the Sikhs - to some persons in the city for Rs 20 crore.The accused have been identified as Praveen Babbar, who owns a hotel in Karol Bagh; Santosh Singh from Mirzapur, UP; and Kalyaneshwar Gautam from West Champaran in Bihar.They told cops during interrogation that the copy of the Guru Granth Sahib was 300 years old and they had procured it at Patna Sahib Gurudwara. A police team has been sent to Bihar to investigate the matter, while expert opinion has been sought to find out the historicity of the holy book.Sources said that the Karol Bagh police had been tipped off about the accused and their bid to sell the book. They learnt that these people were staying at a hotel in Gurgaon and a team was sent to raid the place. But the accused managed to escape.Later, cops learnt about the involvement of the hotelier, and raided Hotel Rahul Palace in Saraswati Marg, Karol Bagh, and arrested the trio. The copy was found in a hotel room, inside a bag.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "11956521", "title": "Development of Rajhans Gad faces opposition by locals", "text": "BELGAUM: The controversy over the development of Rajhans Gad, 20 km from Belgaum has heated up again, with the recent arrest of nine persons for attempting to stop work on a road leading to the fort. The locals had said that the road work would damage the fort.To attract more tourists to the historical monument, the government allocated a grant of Rs 10 crore for developing the infrastructure of the area. Of which, Rs 4 crore has already been released. The department of public works took up the road work using the grant.However, several residents of the region opposed the construction of the road saying that it would damage the historical monument. They attempted to stop the work at least four times and also staged several protests.Former MLA Manohar Kinekar, who is spearheading the agitation said, \"We are not against the development. What we are opposing is the destruction of the monument in the name of development. As it is a historical monument and protected by Archeological Survey of India (ASI), the place can be developed without making any alteration to the original structure and landscape in 200 metre radius of the monument according to ASI guidelines. The new road will alter the landscape.\"Earlier, the government had plans to build a hotel and a parking slot atop the hill using the available area of about 1.27 acres. \"However, the plan was called off after our protests,\" the former MLA said. \"The hill top was a private property. When the owner attempted to sell it, I raised the issue in the House and then revenue minister M P Prakash took steps to acquire the property,\" he added.However, present MLA Sanjay Patil, speaking to the TOI said that members of Maharashtra Ekikaran Samiti (MES) were unnecessarily opposing the development work for political gains. \"They seek votes in the name of Chhatrapati Shivaji. But what they did to develop the fort in the past 50 year. The state government took up the work to win over the hearts of Marathi speaking people in the area, who feels discriminated against,\" he added.The road does not have ASI permissionSpeaking to the Times of India S K Vasudev, assistant executive engineer of Archeological Survey of India (ASI), Belgaum, said that ASI had not given permission for constructing the road in 100 meters radius of the monument. \"ASI will take immediate action to stop the road work in the restricted area,\" he said.When TOI contacted PWD executive engineer N P Nayak he said, \"The work was taken up following instructions from the district administration. The distance of the road from top to bottom is 1.5 km. It is 12 metres in width.\"The fort constructed atop a hill is about 2,500 ft above the sea level. King Chhatrapati Shivaji used the fort to surveil the area. There is a temple of Lord Shiva inside the fort.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11957293", "title": "Terror watch: UK to store all phone, email records", "text": "LONDON: For the first time, Britain plans to store details of all phone calls, text messages, emails and websites visited online as part of the government's new anti-terror plans, says a media report.Landline and mobile phone companies and broadband providers will be ordered to store the data for a year and make it available to the security services under the scheme.The databases would not record the contents of calls, texts or emails but the numbers or email addresses of who they are sent and received by, the 'Daily Telegraph' reported.UK's security services will have widespread access to information about who has been communicating with each other on social networking sites such as Facebook. Direct messages between subscribers to websites like Twitter would also be stored, as well as communications between players in online video games, the report said.It is certain to cause controversy over civil liberties - but also raise concerns over security of records.The plan has been drawn up on the advice of MI5, the home security,the home security service, MI6, which operates abroad, and GCHQ, the government's 'listening post' to monitor communications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957238", "title": "Charity money burgled from elderly\u2019s home", "text": "NEW DELHI: Burglars struck at an elderly couple's residence on Saturday and made off with valuables worth Rs 40 lakh. The incident was reported from E block Kalkaji when the NRI couple had gone to see their dentist around 12.15pm.The victims, Sarmukh Singh Chani, 78, and Baljeet Kaur, 75, had stowed away their life's savings at their house and planned to donate it to a gurdwara. \"We had set aside our savings, including gold and cash, for charity,\" said Sarmukh Singh, a retired civil engineer from Bahrain.The couple had not registered themselves with the police as the \"society is well secured with the guards registering everyone entering and leaving the place.\" They claimed even the cops didn't approach them for registration as part of the senior citizens' safety drive.Singh said, \"On Saturday afternoon, my wife and I went to see our dentist, whose clinic is barely 500m away. Before leaving we made sure that the door was locked properly. Since the dentist couldn't attend to my wife, we were back by 12.40pm. We saw the main gate wide open and the lock thrown on the floor. The entire house was in a mess and all the cupboards had been ransacked. The safe had been broken into and the gold and cash were missing.\" The couple informed the police. They said the burglary took place within half an hour but no one noticed anything amiss.Cops said they will provide security to the couple and register them as well. No witnesses have come forward. The burglars had applied something greasy on their hands to obliterate their fingerprints.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955660", "title": "I thank Damayanti Sen, she's a tigress: Victim", "text": "KOLKATA: She could be an inspiration for all the women who blame and curse themselves for being raped, who live a lifetime of trauma and cannot face the world again. The woman who was picked up from Park Street, raped in a car and dumped on Rabindra Sadan is shaken no doubt, but she still has the courage you may never have seen before.She is glad her daughters will now be able to start going to school again after missing classes since the incident took place. Though she broke down several times at her south Kolkata residence on Sunday after seeing the photographs of the arrested, she brushed away her tears and put up a brave front all over again.Like a normal household where lunch is being eaten very late, there are brothers, sisters, friends, aunts and children in the house. A Spitz looks with awe at the sudden coming and going of so many people. But beyond that, the residents look very relieved that perhaps their worst nightmare is over, and they don't need to plead people to believe them over and over again.\"I have to thank (joint commissioner, crime) Damayanti Sen for her support, she is a tigress,\" the woman says, breaking into a smile. But the trauma returns to haunt her as she recalls the episode at Park Street police station when she, prodded by her aunt, had gone to get a copy of the FIR, which was not initially given to her.Two officers were talking between themselves, as the woman and her aunt sat before them. \"Chalo, nightclub chalte hai, daaro-varoo peete hai,\" one officer told the other, recalled the woman. When the other officer said he was not keen on going, he allegedly said: \"issi liye to tumhara koi girlfriend nahi hai, chalo phir beer hi pi lete hai\". She recalled the episode, saying she very well understood the sarcasm in it, because \"that night I had had only beer and they were hinting at that.\"The good thing is the immense support of her family and even her two daughters, aged 15 and 13. \"Initially I did not want to go and file the complaint. But my whole family supported me and asked me to go to police,\" she recalled. \"For me, the only thing that mattered was that my family and my daughters know the truth. They knew when I came back and they gave me first aid.\"But they convinced her finally to go to the police station. \"Had the case not been taken up by Lalbazar, I don't know what would have happened,\" she said. \"But Damayanti Sen believed me from the very first day. I broke down in her office, and she not only investigated the case, she also consoled me.\"She is hurt about the comments made by chief minister Mamata Banerjee about the fact that her complaint was a \"fabricated story\". \"We are just common people who live our lives and follow government rules. How are we in a position to malign the government? And why should we?\" she asked.But beyond that she wouldn't say anything else. \"I don't want to get into any controversy over the chief minister's comments. All I can say is that I am hurt.\"The woman said that if the rape was shocking, what followed was even more gruesome. \"All kinds of things were being said about me, there was mention of escort service and so on. As if it lay on me to prove that I am neither a sex worker nor working in escort service. Also, does it mean sex workers or those in escort service can be raped? If someone's father has charges against him, then the daughter can be raped?\"Those questions, it is hoped, may be answered by those who raised them in the first place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "aligarh", "code": "11957783", "title": "Will implement Sachar report: Sonia to Muslims", "text": "ALIGARH: The Congress is determined to implement the Sachar Committee's recommendations, Sonia Gandhi said here on Sunday. Soliciting Muslim votes, the Congress chief said the Sachar panel was formed to understand how the community could be helped.S h e trained her guns on non-Congress parties alleging their successive governments in UP had failed to develop infrastructure. The AICC chief targeted her attack on scamsters and looters, who she said had denied people in UP gains from central funds and schemes. In her 20-minute address at the Exhibition Ground here, she said the Centre was giving huge amounts for development under various schemes, but because of \"luterey aur ghotale\" (looters and scamsters ) people had not benefited.Sharing the dais with RLD chief Ajit Singh here, she said : \"The message which the city sends reaches different corners of the world. You all should support the Congress-RLD alliance.\"Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11958055", "title": "Model code of conduct in two districts for by-poll", "text": "MADURAI: The model code of conduct for the ensuing by-elections to the Sankarankovil constituency in Tirunelveli district, which came into effect on February 16 will also be applicable to the neighbouring Tuticorin district, as 12 revenue villages in the constituency were brought under the Kovilpatti taluk of Tuticorin after the delimitation process in 2008.While this constituency is situated in Tirunelveli district, 12 of its revenue villages including Ilayaranendhal, Mukootumalai, Pulliankulam, Chittrampatti, Appaneri, Ayyaneri, Nakkalamuthupatti, Vadakupatti, Pitchaithalaivanpatti, Pillayar Natham, Lakshmipuram and Zameen were brought under Kovilpatti in Tuticorin district after the delimitation.A sizeable number of the electorate of this constituency live in these villages. Though their villages were brought under Kovilpatti taluk, their names continue to remain in the electoral roll of Sankarankovil. Hence, the model code of conduct, which came into effect on February 16, for the by-elections, not only covers the whole of Tirunelveli district but also Tuticorin.According to Tuticorin district collector Ashish Kumar, as the code of conduct is in effect all government functions stand postponed in the district till March 25. This includes the beginning of the year-long celebrations for the silver jubilee year of the formation of the Tuticorin district, which was early proposed to be held on February 26. Tuticorin district was formed in the year 1986 by dividing Tirunelveli district. The government's welfare schemes will also be withheld till the code is in effect, he added.Meanwhile, the fishermen's federation of Tuticorin in a meeting held on Sunday, has resolved to work for the victory of the AIADMK candidate in the by-election as a gesture to the chief minister's announcement to enhance financial assistance for the 45-day fishing ban from Rs 2000 to Rs 4000 and also for taking steps to retrieve Katchateevu.The by-poll has been necessitated following the death of AIADMK MLA and minister C Karuppasamy, who was elected to the Tamil Nadu assembly during the 2011 elections. The Election Commission last week announced that the by-elections to this constituency would be held on March 18, with February 29 being the last date for filling of nominations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956143", "title": "Civic body shifts gear to fix parking woes", "text": "BHOPAL: In a city having a staggering vehicular population of over 20 lakh registered vehicles and abysmally low number of 38 parking lots, the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) appears to be waking up to a reality. The city urgently needs to get a fix on parking problems. Realizing that almost all major roads and locations face obstruction in smooth vehicular traffic, the civic body is gearing up to put some system in place to deal with the problem.Nearly two months ago, TOI had carried out a campaign to highlight the parking blues. \"Yes, I have no hesitation in admitting that there is a parking mismanagement in the city,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastav told TOI. \"Now, we have chosen places for creating new parking lots and prepared blueprints. However, we will have to wait to move ahead with it till the proposal is ratified by the mayor-in council (MiC),\" he added.He said, \"By March end or first week of April, the corporation will start new paid parking areas in various parts of the city.\" MP Nagar, New Market, old city, Bittan Market, 10 No. stop and other small market areas are the places where there are frequent traffic congestions. Moreover, illegal parking lots in the city, run by anti-social elements, have also added to the problem as people complain that unauthorized people are extorting parking fees.\"The problem of illegal parking has been raised at the BMC council meet several times, but the corporation has not taken proper action,\" BMC leader of opposition Muhommad Sageer told TOI.Illegal parking lots have mushroomed in MP Nagar Zone 1 and 2 and in many areas in the old city. \"If we resist paying at these parking lots, the parking assistants tend to pick up quarrel,\" Jiten Rathore, a resident of Tallaiya, said.Subsequently, despite uniforms being mandatory for the BMC parking assistants, most of them they are found without uniforms and identity cards.Ask parking assistants about I cards and they have a stock reply that their identity cards are under process,\" Rahul Mahajan, a resident of Bharti Niketan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956696", "title": "Thousands participate in RCM rally", "text": "JAIPUR: As an aftermath of the arrest of the directors of multi-level marketing company Retail Commercial Marketing (RCM), thousands of people staged a rally in support of the firm. They demanded that the Centre chalk out some laws favouring multi-level marketing companies.Supporters of the rally staged at the Udyog Bhawan on Sunday claimed they were never cheated by the firm and should not be treated as investors as they were consumers and distributors of RCM.\"We purchased items from RCM through bills and were quite satisfied with the quality of its products and the commission they offered us. Lakhs of people are dependent on the company for their bread and butter,\" Vijay Virodia, official spokesperson of RCM consumers and distributors' welfare association said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956886", "title": "'Shotgun' Shagun ready to live London dream", "text": "JAIPUR: She had earned a quota place for India at the London Olympics way back in September 2011. That, however, did not mean that Jaipur-based Shagun Chowdhary would be on the flight to London for the Games.The confirmation finally came on Sunday, when National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) named her in the team for the Games. \"It's a huge relief,\" Shagun, the first Indian woman trap shooter to have qualified for Olympic Games, told TOI.\"It is very difficult to earn a quota place and despite having done that, I was waiting for the official confirmation, which came today. Now that I am in the team, I can focus on the Games.\" She feels her chances of winning an Olympic medal are as bright as anybody's. \"I have been competing in a lot of tournaments and have faced the best shooters in the world. The fact that I won a quota place is like an indication that I can match up with the best,\" she said.She had shot 72 out of a maximum of 75 at the World Championships in Belgrade , where she earned the quota. With the best-ever score in her event being 74, Shagun can fancy her chances with the shotgun.Despite the quota, there would have been doubts in her mind. \"Not quite,\" she said. \"I was pretty confident of making it into the team. I kept on training hard and maintained my form.\"Now without the tiniest hint of uncertainty behind her, Shagun is eager to focus on her preparations. \"I have to figure out my training programme,\" she admitted. \"With the trials going on and with some confusion there, I could not really think so much about the Olympics. Now all that is behind me and I have to start serious preparations. I will be training in Italy and will have to pay more attention on the mental aspects. The next five months are very crucial.\"Incidentally, Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore had fetched the Athens Games silver with a shotgun. Shagun would want to emulate him. \"I am not looking at comparisons,\" she, however, said. \"I know that I have to perform well and that's the only thing that will count.\"Shagun is the second woman from Jaipur, after Krishna Poonia , to have qualified for the London Olympics. That should warm the hearts of the city's sports lovers and give them enough reasons to cheer when the Games get going in July.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956811", "title": "Punjab bodybuilders' team in nationals", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a big boost to the state, Punjab team has been selected for the national bodybuilding championship that would be held in Ludhiana from March 2. Punjab State Amateur Body Building Association (PSABA) conducted trials for the same at the circuit house on Sunday afternoon. Renowned bodybuilder from the state, Prem Chand Dogra, selected the Punjab team.He said in the national federation cup of bodybuilding, 350 sportsmen from different states would participate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957714", "title": "4 rowdies held for plotting to kill rival", "text": "BANGALORE: Sleuths from the Organized Crime Wing (OCW) of Central Crime Branch (CCB) have arrested a 28-year-old rowdy-sheeter and his three associates for conspiring to murder a rival.The arrests were made near Suddaguntepalya off Bannerghatta Road. Mahesh, 28, from Jaraganahalli , MS Harish alias Katthe, 23, from Kanakapura , L Mahesh alias Mental Mahesh, 23, from JP Nagar, and KB Vinod Kumar alias Vinu , 27, from Sathanur were conspiring to murder Sanjeev of Jaraganahalli, the sleuths said. A fifth gang member, identified as Madhu, managed to escape.Sanjeev was associated with Mahesh and later parted ways after he hit paydirt in real estate business. The accused decided to avenge Sanjeev's betrayal by killing him, the sleuths added.A countrymade revolver, lethal weapons, mobile phones and a car were recovered from the accused. They are wanted for various cases in JP Nagar, Sathanur, Kanakapura and other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11956565", "title": "Nurses call off agitation at MOSC hospital", "text": "KOCHI: The three-week long nurses' strike at MOSC Medical College Hospital at Kolencherry was called off on Sunday. The hospital will resume functioning on Monday as the management has agreed to the conditions put forward by the nurses union.The nurses were on strike from January 28. Though the management declined to accept the demands related to risk and ICU allowances, they agreed to provide salary hike. Now, they will be paid Rs 8,500 during probation and it will be hiked to Rs 11,000 on completing one year. An increment of Rs 500 will be given for each year of service.As the hospital premises witnessed unruly scenes, the management had stopped treatment facilities. Sateesh, a representative of the nurses welfare association, MOSC, said that they would be assigned duties from Monday.The strike at SH Hospital, Paynkulam, in Thodupuzha is continuing. Jeeson, representing the nurses' community in the hospital said they want a hike of Rs 3,500 including risk allowance. \"We are paid Rs 7200. But we get a take home of Rs4600 after deductions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11957435", "title": "CPM show of strength at Brigade", "text": "KOLKATA: After a nine month lull, CPM top brass on Sunday shrugged off its post-debacle inertia and took on the Mamata Banerjee government head-on. If the turnout was anything to go by, Sunday's Brigade rally definitely appeared to be the much-needed morale booster that could pull the party out of the abyss it has plummeted to over the last couple of years.Bolstered by loud cheers from nearly million-strong party supporters, CPM lambasted the chief minister and her government for its all-round \"failure\" over the months. However, the decibel soared when CPM leaders condemned the spate of farmer deaths across the state and the government's apparent reluctance to address the issue. CPM general secretary Prakash Karat and former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee buried their difference and raised their voice against the Trinamool government in unison. They claimed such (farmer) deaths never took place when the Left was in power.Keeping an eye on 2013 panchayat polls, the CPM has engaged two private agencies to bring out the \"truth\".Mamata had earlier claimed that only one farmer died unable to fetch price for paddy. \"Others died due to personal problems,\" she had said.\"The Center's policies - of which Trinamool is a partner - have resulted in 2.56 lakh peasants committing suicide country-wide . In West Bengal, these incidents were neither witnessed nor heard in the last 34 years. Around 32-33 peasants have died within nine months,\" Karat said.The CPM general secretary also criticized Trinamool for its \"dual voice at the Centre and Kolkata\". \"Why is Trinamool silent on the Food Security Bill? Nor does it say anything on the 2G spectrum scam,\" he queried. Taking a cue from his party colleague, Bhattacharjee painted a broader picture and expressed his worries over possibilities that the state can slip into a food crisis.\"Does any peasant choose to end his life simply for the pleasure of it? It isn't just paddy. Jute and potato cultivators are also making distress sales. Now even borough cultivation will not reach the half-way mark of what it was last year. Are we staring at a food crisis? We were a food surplus state. Can any farmer tolerate this? The panchayats have been made defunct. The officers are now deciding everything. Is this what we had wanted?\" he retorted.Taking the vitriolic attack a step ahead, opposition leader Surjya Kanta Mishra alleged, \"There is an attempt to silence the opposition both inside the assembly and outside it. But if people are with us, they can't . It isn't easy to wipe out red flags from Bengal. Those holding aloft the tricolour should soon realise this and come to our fold.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956427", "title": "Man posing as seer dupes woman", "text": "INDORE: Police have arrested a self-styled seer, who cheated a woman and decamped with her gold ornaments on Sunday.The accused was arrested on the complaint lodged by Doly Kushwaha. She claimed that Ajay robbed her of gold ornaments by claiming to free her from evil spirits. The woman lodged a complaint with the Chhoti Gwaltoli police, who arrested the accused from Madhuban Crossing.The accused Ajay, alias Bohra alias Yasin, allegedly cheated people on the pretext of solving their problems using black-magic. He would subsequently charge them heavy fee.The accused has been booked under Section 420 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11956746", "title": "Man held in dowry harassment case", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 23-year-old woman who lived hardly ten days with her husband after marriage filed a dowry harassment case against her husband and in-laws with Coimbatore city police on Saturday.S Kousalya of Padasalai Street in Eachanari had got married with her relative A Saravanakumar, 32, on June 12, 2011. According to police, the marriage turned sour within ten days after Saravanakumar came to know that Kousalya had a 'tumour' on her body. Kousalya's husband and her in-laws allegedly harassed her. They had sent Kousalya to her parents' home. But when she went back to her husband's home after the treatment, Saravanakumar refused to take her back and demanded dowry.When Kousalya came to know that Saravanakumar had developed an extra-marital affair with a woman, he refused to quit the relationship.Kousalya lodged a complaint with All Women's Police station at Ramanathapuram.\"They tortured her physically and mentally. So, we have arrested the husband and in-laws. They demanded dowry from her and refused to give back her 16 sovereigns of gold jewels,\" said sub-inspector K Jayadevi, AWPS, Ramanathapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955786", "title": "BJP promises new RP, cut in petrol prices, Lokayukta", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa BJP on Sunday released its election manifesto promising to appoint a Lokayukta within 100 days of coming to power, reducing petrol prices by 11 per litre by removing VAT with effect from April 2012 and assuring an allowance of 1,000 per month to housewives to fight price rise.The 11-page manifesto, titled \"BJP Goa vision document 2012-2017\" and covering 25 sectors, was released at the hands of Ravi Shankar Prasad, former Union minister and general secretary of the BJP in the presence of opposition leader Manohar Parrikar, state BJP president Laximikant Parsenkar, BJP north Goa MP Shripad Naik, manifesto chairman and Mapusa MLA Francis D'Souza and others.Releasing the \"vision document\", Prasad said that it reflects the BJP's \"commitment for change and good governance in Goa.\" Prasad said the BJP will govern the state on the motto of \"development, trust, amity and commitment.\"On the contentious medium-of-instruction issue, the BJP \"assures an amicable solution,\" which will consider the \"sentiments of certain sections of the population.\" The BJP has also assured that the \"regional plan 2021 to be scrapped. A new RP to be made, keeping in mind Goa's identity and clean, green and eco-friendly Goa.\"In \"housing and taxes\", the BJP has promised \"total abolition of house tax on all dwelling houses of personal use in Panchayat areas. In case of municipal areas, this will be applicable only to dwellings which belong to those who are below poverty line. Panchayat and civic bodies will be compensated accordingly.\"In \"health\", the existing Suvarna Jayanti Bima Yojana will be modified to ensure better coverage in private hospitals along with a benefit increased to 2 lakh from the existing 60,000.\" Under \"woman, child and social welfare\", the BJP has promised to deposit 1 lakh into the bank account of a girl child on completion of 18 years towards marriage expenses under the \"Ladli Laxmi Yojana scheme.\"While every housewife will get an allowance of 1000 per month to combat price rise, the BJP government will also ensure a fixed price on gas cylinders for five years. DSSS pensions will also be raised to 2000 per month. Differently-abled and senior citizens with chronic illnesses will be entitled to an additional allowance of 500 per month.Under \"information technology\", the cyberage scheme will be modified so that students in class XI and above procure laptops directly from dealers of their choice. In mining, 60% of the royalty received by the government on mining will be used for infrastructure, developmental projects, agricultural and environmental revitalization in the areas affected by mining. Under \"urban and rural development\", the BJP promises to make Goa \"plastic free within a period of three years\" and \"garbage management for the entire state within 18 months in consultation with all stakeholders.\"Parrikar said that the manifesto or vision document is the sum total of his interaction with the people of Goa during his recent 16-day Jan Sampark Abhiyan.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955635", "title": "MLAs face a stiff challenge in Banda", "text": "The tryst with destiny continued for Sheelu, who was allegedly raped by the goons of BSP MLA from Banda, Purushottam Naresh Dwivedi, two years ago. But, 18-year-old Sheelu, who campaigned against the Bahujan Samaj Party in revenge, could not cast her vote on Sunday as her name was missing in the voter list.\"I completed 18 years six months ago. But they did not issue me a voter ID,\" she said sitting outside the booth situated opposite her house in Naraini. \"I'll press the button after voting will get over,\" Sheelu said staring at the wall of a police outpost where someone had scribbled: \"Hum na chukenge is baar, vote karenge abki baar, (we won't miss this time, will vote thsi time).\"Sheelu's village voted enthusiastically with polling percentage touching 58% by 3pm. This was higher than the overall 54.25% voting in the whole of Banda district till 5 pm.Naraini constituency comprises around 40 villages, most of them dominated by dalits and backwards. The constituency made headlines when several farmers committed suicide after failing to repay loans taken from local moneylenders.\"Nothing much has changed for us,\" said Kamlesh Kumar Soni, whose two brothers committed suicide after they could not repay loans. Soni, who stood in the queue at a polling booth in Pukari village, said loan factor would decide the voting pattern in the constituency. The village also reported six suicides, all by women, last year.Labourer Jag Prasad's 10-year-old son died because he could not afford the treatment. \"I did not have money to take him to hospital,\" said Prasad, as he stood in a queue at a polling booth in the same village.Naraini has become a reserved constituency this time. In 2007, the seat was won by BSP's Purushottam Naresh Dwivedi. But he is now in jail on charges of rape and the BSP has fielded Gayacharan Dinkar, who lost to Vishambhar Prasad of SP in Baberu in last asembly election.Dinkar is up against Bharat Lal Dinkar of Samajwadi Party. Congress has fielded Mahendra Singh Verma, while BJP's candidate is Raj Karan Kabir. Congress candidate Vivek Singh is locked in a close to retain his seat against Dinesh Chandra Shukla of BSP, Prabhakar Awasthi of BJP and Amita Bajpai of SP.Sitaram, a resident of Khurhand village in Banda Sadar seat, said development of the constituency is a key issue. Singh, he said, has been trying hard to save the seat by making repeated visits to the rural and urban areas of the constituency.Similar views are heard in Baberu and Tindwari seats. In Tindwari, sitting SP MLA Vishambhar Prasad is wrestling to retain the seat against BSP's Achchelal Nishad, Congress's Daljeet Singh and BJP's Balram Singh.In Baberu, SP's Vishambhar Singh is struggling to retain the seat. He is up against Brij Mohan Singh of BSP, Shiv Shankar Singh Patel of Congress and Ajay Kumar of BJP.Banda district witnessed a sharp decline in polling percentage in 2007 election, registering 40.6% as compared to 54.31% in 2002.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "11956502", "title": "Send your children to schools, BSY tells Banjaras", "text": "HUBLI: Former CM B S Yeddyurappa on Sunday exhorted people of Banjara community to send their children to schools.Speaking at the inauguration of the state-level Banjara community convention orgnized to mark the 273rd birth anniversary of saint Sri Sevalal on Nehru Ground here, he said, \"Education is very important. For the development of any community, people have to be educated. Hence, people belonging to backward communities like Banjara community should give more emphasis on giving education to their children, instead of sending them for working in fields.\"He also said that the state government was providing facilities like hostels, uniforms, scholarship, etc for poor children to help them pursue education. \"Banjar community should utilize these facilities effectively to give their children education,\" he added.He asked Banjara community leaders to submit memorandum to the government for granting new houses and assured them that the government would make the state free from huts in the next two years.District minister Jagadish Shettar said that efforts will be made to convince the CM to take measures to set up 'Karnataka Banjar Bhavan' at Varanasi. State government also declared 1445 Banjara tandas as revenue villages and provided all basic facilities.Speaking on the occasion, Janata Dal (Secular) leader H D Kumaraswamy announced Rs 10 lakh grant for the construction of Karnataka Bhakta Bhavan at Pouradevi of Maharastra, holy place of Banjara community people.Banjar community's seer Dr Ramarao Maharaj, congress leader H K Patil, MLA Chandrakant Bellad, MLC Basavaraj Horatti and others were present in the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957981", "title": "25-year-old found dead in East Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 25-year-old man was found murdered in the Pandav Nagar area of east Delhi on Sunday morning, police said. The man, identified as Gaurav Kishan, was from Lucknow. His body was found near a hospital in the area. Kishan was living in the Shashi Garden area in Pandav Nagar. \"There were ligature marks on his neck which indicate that he was probably strangled to death. The body has been sent for postmortem,\" said a police officer.Cops said that a passerby spotted the body and informed police. Kishan was rushed to hospital where doctors declared him brought dead. Investigators suspect personal rivalry or robbery to be the motive behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956058", "title": "Betma gang rape case: 15 arrested", "text": "INDORE: Police on Sunday arrested 15 people in connection with the gang-rape and MMS scandal in Betma, about 50 kms from here.On the basis of preliminary evidences, police have found that three more persons were involved in the crime. The identify of the three are not yet known and they are still absconding.Those arrested are Vikas son of Vikram Bharati, Chetan Kumhar, Dileep Kushwaha, Vikram Makawana, Gopal Panchal, Sanju, Ravi, Tipu, Javed, Mona Tamboli, Shantilal, Golu Bagh, Ashu Bagh, Rajendra Bhami and Puna. They are all residents of Betma.Meanwhile, the raped schoolgirls were brought here for medical examination.Additional Superintendent of Police (ASP) Betma, Panmvilochan Shukla told TOI, \"We are trying to identify the three accused on the run. Soon after their identity is know police and district administration will declare them as absconders and efforts will be made to attach their property if they fail to surrender\".Shukla said the MMS will be very strong evidence against the accused which will strengthen the investigation. However, he refused to say that police are in the possession of the MMS or not.A senior police official on condition of anonymity said that the police have received the MMS and are preparing for its formal seizure. He said that the accused would be booked under the IT Act. The accused were deft at video-graphing their accomplices in the 'act.'One of the accused Vikas's step mother Rajni Bharati is the ruling party corporator at Betma municipality. In the FIR, the girls have reported when they were talking to Javed and his friend Tipu, around 10 boys came to them and passed lewd remarks. Meanwhile, the corporator's son Vikas stepped in and stripped the chunari of one of the victims. Then the others dragged the girls to a deserted place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955126", "title": "On the run, Otteri goon held after attacks on cops", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a notorious criminal who had been on the run for six months after he attacked them during a storming operation in the city on Saturday night. A police officer involved in the operation said 30-year-old Adalarasu was wanted for rape, murder, theft and mugging.Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy ordered a storming operation on Saturday night to nab anti-social elements and criminals in the city. Based on the order, officers at Otteri police station prepared a list of criminals who had been causing problems in the locality.On top of the list was Adalarasu, a resident of Semathamman Koil Street in Otteri. Adalarasu recently extorted money from a youngster at knifepoint. The police on Saturday got information that he was hiding in a house in ICF. \"Though it was not in our jurisdiction, we raided the house and found him hiding in a room,\" Harikumar said. When the policemen entered the room, Adalarasu tried to attack them and escape. \"We first ensured that he did not have any weapon before we overpowered him,\" the officer said.Adalarasu has been remanded in judicial custody in Puzhal jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11963473", "title": "Rocker's delight!", "text": "A recent musical performance at the city based Centre Square mall, organized for the purpose of charity, had it all in terms of fun quotient. Members of the band Outro took everyone on a fun ride with their retro rock performance.Zahir, Jay, Siddharth and Aariz were all in fine form and made the audience sing and groove along. What made the event even more interesting was a flash mob activity by the students of a city-based dance institute, something that turned out to be quite a hit with music enthusiasts. The city does not get to see activities like the flash mob very often and so, it took everyone by surprise when it was announced that such an activity was on the cards. And when the members of Outro decided to take a break for a few minutes, it was time for the flash mob activity which saw people cheering for the participants. There were about 70 people who participated in the activity.A large number of young college students who had turned up to cheer for the band had a great time during the event. In between, the band also played some popular Hindi songs, including some old ones, to keep the audiences entertained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955734", "title": "Case against Baga banana boat operator", "text": "PANAJI: A case of culpable homicide was registered on Sunday against a banana boat operator after 60-year-old Praveen Kothari from Delhi lost his life after losing balance and falling into the sea during a banana boat ride at Baga beach on Saturday at 4pm.After the accident, Kothari was taken to the Candolim primary health centre, but was declared brought dead. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "11958257", "title": "Tractor driver 'blinded' after shooting row", "text": "RANCHI: A tractor driver was \"blinded\" by the juice of a poisonous fruit after villagers suspected him of firing a bullet injuring his employer in Leslieganj block of Palamu district on Saturday.Baldeo Mahto was attacked with the juice of \"seeth\", a poisonous fruit. He was under treatment at the Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences in Ranchi.DSP Palamu Ajay Kumar, who is in charge of Leslieganj police station, said Mahto went to his employer Satya Prakash Thakur's house at Sehra village and asked for water to drink. Thakur, who was busy with household chores, went inside to bring water and by that time Mahto took out a country-made revolver and shot one bullet that pierced Thakur's thigh prompting his sister to raise the alarm. Soon, villagers gathered and started beating Mahato.\"He was badly injured in the assault and something was put into his into his eyes causing injury,\" he said.Mahato was taken to hospital at Tumba village from where he was referred to the RIMS where the doctors said Mahato's eyes are critical.Mahto's sister Rita Kushwaha claimed that he was called for payment by his employer and they together had dinner and consumed liquor. \"We were told that once the liquor finished, they went to a shop for alcohol but on being refused they entered into fisticuffs,\" Rita said quoting her brother. Another family member said no body knew who shot the bullet but the villagers accused Mahato because he was inebriated and could not flee. \"He was not only beaten up brutally but deliberate attempt was made to blind him by 'seeth' juice,\" she said.Police have lodged an FIR against Mahato for using firearm and attempt to kill. He has been arrested and sent for treatment under police custody. Two constables are keeping an eye on him at the RIMS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11963010", "title": "Approver in case against Kanchi seer says his 'confession' was under duress", "text": "CHENNAI: The trial in the Radhakrishnan assault case, in which Kanchi Sankaracharya Jayendra Saraswathi is the prime accused, started on Monday with an unexpected twist as approver P Ravi Subramanian said he was \"intimidated and tortured at gunpoint\" into giving a false confession statement. An approver is an accomplice to an offence, who later confesses his guilt and gives evidence against his confederates.The case relates to the assault on S Radhakrishnan, a former associate of the Kanchi mutt, on September 20, 2002. The latter alleged they were attacked with sharp weapons at the \"behest of the Acharya\" as Radhakrishnan planned to disclose certain dealings of the Mutt.Citing his 84-year-old mother who was ailing, Subramanian, a building contractor for the Kanchi mutt, sought either that he be examined as the first witness in the trial or that he be released on bail. However, after a detailed counter was filed by special public prosecutor N Vijayaraj and arguments made, Ravi Subramanian's petition was dismissed. S Kalavathi, judge, first additional sessions court, adjourned the matter to March 9 for further hearing.Radhakrishnan, who was examined as a witness on Monday, said he was watching television along with his wife Jayashree and their helper Krishnan, who was hired to look after Radhakrishnan's aged father, at their house in Mandaiveli, when the incident occurred.On hearing the doorbell, Krishnan answered to find two men standing outside, asking to see Radhakrishnan. When they were ushered inside, one of them took a knife from behind his shirt and tried to stab Radhakrishnan. While the latter thwarted the attack with his hand, the second man tried to stab Radhakrishnan's wife Jayashree, whose hand was severely injured in the process.Overcome by the events, Krishnan tried to pull one of the men back but was attacked with repeated stabs n his head. As he fell unconscious, both men escaped through the front gate. Subsequently rushed to the hospital, Radhakrishnan and his wife were released within four days. Krishnan was admitted to the ICU and treated for head injuries. He was released ten days later.In court on Monday, Radhakrishnan identified his two attackers as being among the accused persons present in the hall. A total of 11 persons have been listed as the accused in the case. Jayendra Saraswathi was not present since his petition for exemption of personal appearance during the trial was allowed.The other accused are Sundaresa Iyer, Raghu, Appu alias Krishnasamy, M Kathiravan, Sunder alias Meenakshi Sundaram, P Anand alias Anandakumar, S Lakshmanan, G Boomi alias Boominathan, R Kannan and S Kumar alias Chinnakumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11958278", "title": "JVM blames govt for adviser resignation", "text": "DHANBAD: Jharkhand Vikas Morcha president Babulal Marandi on Sunday said former director general of police D N Gautam was quitting his post of security adviser as he did not get cooperation from the civil servants.The former chief minister told mediapersons here that Gautam, who was considered to be an upright officer, decided to quit Jharkhand because he felt frustrated and suffocated. \"His advice was ignored with contempt by the state government. The chief minister had appointed him as his security adviser but did not listen to his advices,\" Marandi alleged.According to Marandi, the chief minister appointed security and economic advisers but did not care for their suggestions, reducing them to be mere showpieces. \"Gautam admitted that nothing was moving to improve the police force.\"The JVM leader said Arjun Munda failed on the economic front too. \"Performance of the departments retained by him was dismal. In the public works department, only 18% and in the energy department , 0% of the budgetary allocations were spent in the current financial year,\" he said adding the CM was the worst performer in financial discipline.Munda is trying to befool people by undertaking journey by roads in different districts and was himself responsible for poor condition of the roads as he held the PWD portfolio, Marandi alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957589", "title": "With love from japan", "text": "A senior adviser of Japan External Trade Organization (Jetro) by profession and a musician by choice - that's Tokyo-born Kazumasa Kuboki in a nutshell. Living in Bangalore for nine years now, Kuboki sings Kannada songs with elan. Not surprisingly, the 64-yearold mesmerized the audience at Indo-Japanese Japan Habba 2012 on Sunday. Having spent a good 14 years in India, Kuboki said it always helps to know the local language . '' It helps me to connect with people; they are willing to share so much more. I also make a lot of friends in the process.\"So, was it not difficult to pick up the language? '' Swalpa kashta (a little difficult) during the initial days, but thereafter it was smooth,'' said the musician. Now, he is learning to speak Tamil. Back in Tokyo , he is part of a local choir. Even as he presented a fair mix of Hindi and Kannada songs at the habba, Kuboki was being approached to perform in a few concerts. '' I may decide on that later. For now, I'm happy crooning at such cultural shows,'' he said.Musical CoupleFor Yojii Matsuda and wife Tomoko, music is the food of life. Yojii, working with Toshiba Embedded Software India, finds it relaxing to croon to the soft music of San-Shin (three strings). They drew the maximum crowd at the habba, thanks to folk songs from Okinawa. \"We want to showcase Japanese culture and this is one of the best platforms,\" said Yojii. The two plan to get a licence to start music classes once they return to Japan.The HabbaOn Sunday, people got together at Jnana Jyothi Auditorium on Palace Road for the Japan Habba. This is the 60th year of Indo-Japan diplomatic relations; this year's slogan is '60 years, 2 Nations and 1 Goal' . A host of activities, including a quiz and performances by Indians and Japanese, were held at the auditorium. Bangalore is home to a 600-member strong Japanese community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957769", "title": "Four Ulfa rebels detained", "text": "Four suspected Ulfa militants were apprehended by a police team led by Dibrugarh SP Arabinda Kalita near Phoolbagan while they were travelling to Dibrugarh from Chabua on Sunday.Five Chinese grenades and 150 live bullets were recovered from them, SP Arabinda Kalita said.The four have been identified as Robin Bora, Dulu Saikia alias Rinku, Dipankar Baruah (all from Pulunga gaon, Chabua) and Numal Gogoi (from Moran).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955651", "title": "Reduce property tax and abolish octroi: Businessman", "text": "NAGPUR: With the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance retaining power in the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), business guilds are expecting a change in tax-related policies. They are seeking reduction in property tax and doing away with Octroi on petroleum. If not totally then at least Octroi on petroleum should be drastically reduced, they say. Some of the trade bodies have been pressing for this levy to be scrapped for all commodities.Tejindersingh Renu, secretary of Vidarbha Taxpayers' Association, a newly-formed body of local businessmen, said that the new government should ensure that that there is a moderate hike in the property tax. The levy is calculated after taking into account the annual letting value of a property multiplied to a percentage value.A revision in 2008 had hiked the tax 4 to 8 times but the move was stayed by the state government. \"Even if the new government revises property tax it should be done at a moderate rate. Rather than simply doubling the levy, an increase (30 to 50%) is acceptable\" said Renu.He also flayed the recent move to charge a 2% month penalty on delay in payment of tax. \"This comes to around 24% a year. Even money lending institutions do not charge so much. At times the delay can be due to genuine financial constraints of the property owner,\" he said.According to Vinod Tiwari, a director in a city-based mining company, the NMC has enough financial resources to scrap octroi on petroleum which is presently charged at 5%. \"The NMC will only lose revenue of around Rs 19 crore out of the Rs 435 crore budgeted income from octroi. Its overall budgeted revenues stand at around Rs 1187 crore leaving NMC with surplus funds. With massive grants under projects like JNNURM available these days, the loss can be easily made good. The move will provide an immense relief to the common man,\" said Tiwari who is also a corporate lawyer.A section of businessmen have also demanded an infrastructure boost for the city. Nilesh Suchak of the Nag Vidarbha Chamber of Commerce (NVCC) says that the JNNURM funds should also be utilized used to build flyovers in areas of east Nagpur. \"A flyover is needed from telephone exchange square at Central Avenue till Mayo Hospital. This will help in easing the traffic on this road.\"Suchak also demanded scrapping of the 24x7 water supply scheme. \"The scheme has been indeed taxing on the common man. It has benefited not more than a quarter of the city's population but a large section of residents have ended paying a higher water tax without actually benefiting,\" he said.Suchak also called for a moderation in the property tax which he said is the highest in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957944", "title": "Sachin fails but Lucknow hits 55", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when the state is electing its leaders, polling centres in Lucknow were abuzz with an event that was unfolding way down under in Brisbane, Australia. The tri-series cricket match between India and Australia was the talking point as voters and mediapersons alike were seen 'busy' discussing the probable impact on the polling in the city of nawabs.\"Actually India Vs Australia ODIs interest many and given that India is playing just well now, we are in two minds,\" says a voter in Lucknow Montessori Inter College polling centre. Just before the fourth phase began, the general question was: Will Lucknow come out to vote or will it be glued to TV sets waiting for Sachin Tendulkar's 100th ton? The turnout of the past three phases were promising but this time it was a unique contest between bat and ballot.When Irfan Pathan got rid of David Warner and India was crushing, young voters put behind their democratic duty. \"My polling centre is nearby but I preferred to stay back till the break between the innings. It was a situation election commission could have best avoided,\" opines Rohit Tiwari, a first time voter from the Lucknow Cantonment assembly constituency. \"Being it a Sunday and that India is playing well, at least 10% people will not turn up to vote. Dates should be planned properly,\" adds Tiwari.After casting his vote, Lok Sabha MP Lalji Tandon said that the match should not have been broadcast. \"Cricket match on an important day like this can divert voters and it shouldn't have been broadcast,\" said Tandon when asked to comment on the expected voting percentage earlier in the day.A similar scene was in Alambagh area where a group of young voters came to vote only when Sachin got out. \"We were expecting Sachin to score some runs today,\" said voter Abhishek Tiwari, who preferred not to mention the little master's impending 100{+t}{+h} international hundred.\"Although voting is important, we were waiting for a window between the innings to come out and vote. We would anyhow have voted but it would have been a proud moment if we do our duty on the very same day Sachin is doing,\" said Satya who was standing in a queue in Janta Inter College.Enthusiasm to vote and cricket passion was alike for the first timers and seniors as well. A man in his 50s was heard 'blessing Sachin' for his 'service to the nation' and was excited to exercise his rights as well. Standing in a queue in Janta Inter Girl's College polling centre, Vijay Mishra just managed to sneak in between the innings break. \"It is a Sunday and businesses are closed. So I preferred to balance it between cricket and election,\" says Mishra.Team India's failure turned out to be democracy's win as young voters were seen walking down the streets in the later half of the day. As India slumped to 61/4 by 3pm, young voters started coming out to the streets in Aminabad area.Umpiring errors in the match was related to the election when a voter standing in the same queue as Vijay Mishra quips, \"I hope people don't press the wrong button like the third umpire.\" TV umpire Bruce Oxenford 'pressed the wrong button' to adjudge Mike Hussey stumped out in the 29th over of the Australian innings.Talking to TOI, an EC official has earlier said that there may not be a severe impact on the election process as voters are more aware now.Elections 2012 NewsUttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "11955401", "title": "8 killed in Junagadh temple stampede", "text": "RAJKOT: At least eight devotees, including three women and a one-and-a-half-year-old kid, were killed and 12 injured in a stampede on the eve of Mahashivaratri mela at Pagnala near Damdodar Kund, 3km from Junagadh, at 7pm on Sunday, police sources said. Cops fear that the toll may rise.At least nine lakh people had gathered at Junagadh for the annual five-day fair beginning Monday to celebrate Mahashivaratri, the police said.Pushing and shoving by some in the crowd probably triggered the stampede at the narrow Pag-nala bridge. The boundary wall of the bridge on one side gave in because of the chaos, hurtling many people down, resulting in deaths and injuries to the devotees.The victims were rushed to Junagadh hospital where they were declared brought dead. Of the six deceased, three have been identified as Manguben Bhikhubhai, a resident of Vijapur; Keshubhai Bhanubhai from Jamnagar and Chandan Roval, also from Jamnagar.Meanwhile, because of the massive crowd at the mela, police and the ambulance service found it difficult to reach the accident site. Local Congress and BJP leaders have announced that they would not take part in the temple festivities on Monday as a mark of respect to the victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956095", "title": "New political alliance rising on east coast?", "text": "NEW DELHI: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee's repeated showdowns with the Congress are more purposeful than they may seem. Her actions are in sync with an ambitious \"east coast\" coalition of political forces in states accounting for 128 Lok Sabha seats.The opposition to the National Counter-Terrorism Centre's \"intrusion\" on the states' federal turf has brought to the fore a political front in the works since Parliament's winter session when Congress was forced to backtrack on the Lokpal bill in the face of an uprising of regional parties.Central to this emerging front of AIADMK's J Jayalalitha, Andhra Pradesh's N Chandrababu Naidu, Odisha's Naveen Patnaik and Banerjee is the \"federalism\" plank the leaders have found handy in taking on the Congress which they all see as a rival for political space in their respective states.The unusual activism on part of Patnaik, who has hardly caused a ripple in Delhi politics despite the BJD's remarkable hold in Odisha, is driven by a new assertiveness of regional parties who see Congress as a declining force but do not consider the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance in a position to fill the vacuum.If Congress defies predictions and bounces back in the ongoing state polls, the build-up of regional forces will slow down. But Congress's inability to work the Shiv Sena-BJP's mediocre record in Mumbai's municipal body to its benefit has led to intense speculation whether the Centre's incumbency is spreading to the states.Giving police powers to the NCTC was an avoidable provocation after the Lokpal fiasco where a prescription on how state level Lokayuktas will be structured saw the bill being withdrawn in Rajya Sabha. \"Police powers for an intelligence agency are unheard of. The Intelligence Bureau does not report to Parliament and is not covered by Right To Information as police is,\" BJD leader Bhartruhari Mahtab said.The eastern allies have their sights set further afield as they see regional satraps like Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar as possible partners. Assam's Asom Gana Parishad, in the wilderness for many years, is seen as a willing ally. If Congress does not use the forthcoming budget session to firmly dispel the impression of a policy freeze, the nascent front will eye the 2014 election.Just as the grouping feels NDA's regional partners can realign their interests, UPA constituents like Nationalist Congress Party are seen open to fresh proposals in the future.BJP is watching the developments with interest and is prepared for now to fan the federal fires as they singe Congress. The party has lost clout it had in states like Odisha and Andhra Pradesh where both Patnaik and Naidu do not see BJP as a vote accretion. In Tamil Nadu, Jayalalitha has dispensed with her existing allies and a strong Muslim following makes Banerjee wary of her one-time ally.Yet, in the immediate context, BJP would continue to join forces with these parties in Parliament to oppose and block the government. The government would have little choice but to seek the main opposition's cooperation on major initiatives like Direct Tax Code but this is likely to come only at a price.The east coast alliance:* The budding east coast alliance comprises Trinamool, AIADMK, BJD and TDP* All four parties see Congress either as rivals or as a dispensable ally. The four states account for 128 Lok Sabha seats* Their plank is federalism or state aspiration. The platform is non-Congress, non-BJP* See Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, Asom Gana Parishad and NCP as potential allies* Aim to occupy space vacated by UPA but not being filled by BJP ahead of 2014 electionElections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "11958024", "title": "'Punjabi Lassi helps dogs win medals'", "text": "PATIALA: Punjabi lassi and curd are not only helping Punjabi sportspersons win medals in sports, but it is helping animals as well.For, a majority of participants of the all-breed championship at the dog show in Patiala on Sunday gave credit to lassi and curd for the good performance of their dogs.\"I give lassi and curd to my Dasti (dog) daily and he likes it much. I give him other foods also, but I believe lassi and curd are must and mainly responsible for the good performance of my dog,\" said Sunny Gill from Ludhiana, whose 15-month-old Rottwieller dog won the 2nd best award in the show.Contrary to general perception that only non-veg dogs can win competitions, majority of dog lovers claimed that they give more milk products to their dogs than non-vegetarian food.It was dogs' day on Sunday in this royal city of Punjab as 316 dogs in 41 breeds from across the country converged at the Raja Bhalendera Singh Stadium (polo ground) for the show, organised by Patiala Kennel Club (PKC).Of the participating canines, 55 were of imported breed from different countries. Dog lovers from Tamilnadu, MP, UP, Uttarakhand, Rajasthan, Haryana, HP, Delhi and J&K; participated in the show.\"I don't believe in giving only non-veg food, but give my female dog curd every day. She loves curd and I believe curd works like lassi, which keeps her digestive system always in a good shape. My dog has never faced any digestive problem since I started giving her regular curd,\" said Arvinder Singh Grewal, another dog lover.The participating doges included 39 Labrador, 35 German Shephred, 27 Pug, 26 Rottweiler and 16 were of Beagle breed.\"Dog lovers have come from various parts of the country. This time, the Shetland Sheep Dog breed came for the first time in our show in Patiala,\" said secretary of kennel club, Gurjit Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960499", "title": "Lisa Haydon in love with 'Never Let Me Go'", "text": "Sultry siren Lisa Haydon who was in Chennai recently for a promotional event, confessed how crazy she was about movies.When we asked her to tell us about a few films that tugged at her heartstrings, she didn't even have to think twice before saying, Never Let Me Go. The film directed by Mark Romanek , based on the critically acclaimed novel by Kazuo Ishiguro , chronicles the lives of three youngsters in a dystopian version of England and traces their journey towards a finality in a heartbreaking manner.Lisa says, \"I was completely devastated watching that film. The vulnerability and innocence of those children just ripped me apart. I was in tears by the end of it.\" In fact, Lisa even recommends it to her friends and fans as a must watch tearjerker cum romantic sci-fi movie.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "11956609", "title": "Govt plans CCE for Class I to VIII from next session", "text": "AJMER: Exams creating a fear psychosis in the young minds of students may soon be a thing of the past. Come next session and words like examination and test will disappear from the vocabulary of Classes from I to VIII in all 40,000 government schools of the state. This will be made possible through implementation of Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) in all the schools from the next academic session.After the implementation of CCE, students will now be evaluated through their continuous process subject knowledge, attitude and skills during their session rather than through quarterly, half yearly or annual examinations. \"The CCE will be used from the next session to evaluate the students,\" an official of the school department confirmed.The department has already made preparations for the system but it is now facing the problem of preparing the teachers. \"Teachers are used to checking answer sheets and evaluate student with marks. The new evaluation process is new for them,\" said Manoj Dube, president of the teachers' association here.Towards preparing the teachers, the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) has already planned a time-table to train teachers during the summer holidays. \"We have appointed resource persons in every district of the state and they will not only train teachers on this new evaluating system but also make them computer literate so that they could use computers as teaching aid. We will organize camps for separate batches of teachers to understand this concept,\" said Mahaveer Singh Rathore, additional project officer (SSA) of the district.The department had already implemented the rule of not failing students up to Class VIII this year. \"Every student is evaluated not by answer sheets but by their personality and grasping of knowledge. The grades and marks will be provided according to his skills,\" state education minister Naseem Akhter said. She added that the motive of the government is to make education enjoyable in schools.The education department is already on track to introduce NCERT syllabi from class I to class VII for the first time. Teachers now have to give about two hours more in government schools to evaluate each student according to skills.The SSA has also started the NCERT course in class VIII from this session in government schools in which about eight lakh students of the state are getting a new pattern of studies. \"We have already arranged books in schools and training sessions are started for teachers to get acquainted with this new syllabi,\" an official of the SSA said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958372", "title": "Project exhibition to inspire innovators", "text": "The Director of Technical Education in association with Vidya Vikas Educational Trust will organize \" Do it Yourself 2012\", a state-level project exhibition at Vidya Vikas Education Institution from February 23 to 25. This \"Do It Yourself\" Project-Exhibition is a platform for young innovators and aspirants who are passionate in meeting challenges of days to come.During the three-day exhibition, engineering and diploma students will display nearly 285 models. Engineering and diploma students from various branches like mechanical, electrical, electronics, computer science, civil, telecommunication, fashion designing and automobile will be displaying their models. This will be the platform for budding youngsters to showcase their hidden talents through their models. Nearly 500 students, 400 boys and 100 girls apart from 95 staff members from across the state will be taking part in the three-day exhibition. Prizes for outstanding models are also given. First, second and third prize are given for each branch. Experts in related branches will select the three best models. Those taking part in the exhibition will be provided free accommodation and food.\"Students' hidden technical knowledge will be exposed through their models,\" said B Chandrashekar, principal, Vidya Vikas Institute of Engineering and Technology. \"We are expecting students from schools and colleges apart from general public in large numbers,\" added Chandrashekar. School and college students can take much out of this exhibition and be inspired, pointed Chandrashekar. Directorate of Technical Education (DTE), Bangalore, the coordinator of Technical Educational Institutions in the state and is the governing and monitoring body consistently supporting activities that foster the creativity of students to scale greater heights. It is an opportunity to watch large scale participation of over 285 working model showcased from various corners of the state.The project exhibition projected/exhibited covers all disciplines of technical field including fashion designing. Models in each branch: Electronics: 52, Electrical: 52, Mechanical: 40, Civil: 40, Automobile: 18, Telecommunication: 4, Fashion Designing: 3. The exhibition will be opened daily between 9am and 6pm. The entry for the exhibition is free.Entrepreneurship programmeSri Jayachamarajendra College of Engineering and Science and Technology Entrepreneurs Park (SJCE-STEP) is organizing a six-week Entrepreneurship Development Programme (EDP) and Technology-based Entrepreneurship Development Programme (TEDP) in Information-Communication Technology (ICT) at its campus from February 22.EDP and TEDP includes inputs on overview of current ICT applications of ICT in different sectors, ICT in education, ICT in agri-food processing, rural development and Governance, healthcare, advanced manufacturing, case studies, industry visits, interaction with industry, demonstration of ICT modules, preparation of project feasibility report, recent trends and development, business opportunities in ICT. In addition to this the entrepreneurship quality, various schemes of state and central government, financial assistance from banks, management, and marketing strategy will be covered.A few seats are available, interested candidates, looking at entrepreneurship as a career aged between 18 and 35 years with qualification in diploma, engineering and graduates from any branch can contact SJCE STEP, JSS Technical Institution Campus, Mysore. Interested should register their names on or before February 21. Call: 0821-2548321.3-day games meet for womenShanthi College, Malavalli in association with Department of Physical Education, University of Mysore, will conduct a three-day University of Mysore inter-collegiate inter-zonal games meet for women at Shanthi College ground, Malavalli from February 23.During the three-day meet 45 college affiliated to University of Mysore and nearly 450 participants will take part in 10 different events like chess, kabbadi, kho-kho, table tennis, softball, tennikoit, throwball, handball, ball-badminton and volleyball. Ruckminichandran, adventure sports trainer, will inaugurate the event on February 23 at 9.30pm. The valedictory and prize distribution function will be held on February 25 at 3.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960610", "title": "Mammootty compliments Maqbool Salman", "text": "While superstar Mammootty's son Dulquar Salman's big screen debut took place amidst much hype and fanfare, his nephew Maqbool Salman seems to have managed to break in minus all the expectations that surround a debutant from a film background.And that, Maqbool says, was a blessing indeed. The audience seems to have recognised him as an individual actor sans comparisons or preconceived notions.Congratulating him on an impressive beginning with Asuravithu, we hear that his famous uncle also joked about what it was that Maqbool did to bag such a fab role for a debut.Maqbool elaborates, \"Moothappa (uncle) was happy to see my performance onscreen. He thought it was a great role too, so he joked about whether I had threatened someone to give it to me or just worked my magic.\" It has been known that Mammootty is particular about letting every actor find his own ground in the film industry. Which is why he refrains from using his clout to bring in the best of roles - even if the people concerned belong to his own family. With both Maqbool and Dulquar's films faring well at the box office, it looks like Mammootty knew exactly what he was doing when he chose to step back and let the kids grow. The two now have plenty of films in the pipeline - one that also features them together.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957400", "title": "Biz honchos discuss Bihar growth", "text": "PATNA: A panel of top business honchos discussed the possible sectors which could boost the process of industrialization in order to enhance the all-round growth of Bihar during a discussion on \"Accelerating growth of development and services in Bihar\" at the first session of the final day of the Global Summit on Changing Bihar on Sunday.While Infosys head K V Kamath stressed on agri-based industries and Securities Exchange Board of India chairman (SEBI) U K Sinha emphasized on the need for tapping youth force and setting up industries in public-private partnership (PPP) mode, Cobra Beer Ltd chairman Karan Billimoria talked about eight 'Ps' which are essential for investments. Planning Commission member Abhijit Sen was moderator of the discussion.Initiating the debate, Kamath said it was the people who set the best agenda. He said that enthusiasm among the people of Bihar is perceptible was evident when he visited some of the branches of ICICI Bank in the state capital. This is positive sign for the state which is on a development mode,\" he said adding when there is good governance and improved law and order, investment would definitely get a boost. But the state need to shave proper infrastructure, he said.Highlighting that Bihar needs good rural roads for value added industry -- specially food processing and dairy, Kamath said rural roads would help farmers in getting adequate price for their produce.Referring to the Baramati model of growth in Maharashtra where agro and agro-related industries flourished in which cooperatives played a vital role, Kamath said: \"Bihar has far better capacity to take up the Baramati model.\" Referring to the growth in IT sector, Kamath said by giving a boost to BPO industry would automatically give thrust to the IT industry.On his part, SEBI chairman Sinha said as Bihar boasts of a large youth population ( i.e two-thirds of the state's total population comprise of youths) they could be utilized in areas like technical and skilled development by opening large number of schools, technical colleges, polytechnics in public-private partnerships.Cobra Beer Ltd chief Karan Billimoria spoke about eight 'Ps' - product, price, peace, promotion, finance (which he spelt as 'phinanace'), passion, and most importantly 'people' for investment in a state. That Bihar is growing is also evident that Cobra India has invested in the state, he said. \"The Bihari diaspora is all around the world. I am also a Bihari as my father was an ADC to the country's first President Rajendra Prasad and later he served in 5th battalion of Bihar Regimental Centre before leaving for the UK\", he said.Billimoria compared Nitish with former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher who had bailed out the country from severe financial morass. \"In the same way, Nitish is striving to steer the beleaguered Bihar to developmental path,\" he said. Dipak Mazumdar of University of Toronto also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957016", "title": "City scorches at 36.8C on Sunday", "text": "MUMBAI: Contrary to the weather bureau's prediction of a cool weekend, Mumbai went through a hot Sunday, when the maximum temperature soared to 36.8 degrees Celsius. Going by the weather bureau's forecast, the temperature is likely to remain the same for the next two days.The minimum temperature recorded in the city rose by two degrees and the maximum six degrees above normal. However, the weather bureau still maintained that winter was not yet over for the city, which would continue to witness the see-saw temperature for a while.According to the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) data, the minimum temperature recorded in Santa Cruz on Sunday was 17.6 degrees Celsius, and that in Colaba 21 degrees. But what left Mumbaikars sweating were the maximum temperatures-35.8 degrees Celsius in Santa Cruz and 36.8 degrees Celsius in Colaba.\"The effect of the northerly winds is now less marked,\" said IMD director Vishambhar Singh, adding that the western disturbances, because of which the temperature in the Indian landmass dropped, had now moved eastwards. \"The winds have now changed from cold and dry northerlies to hot and dry easterlies. As a result, the temperature has started rising again,\" he said.The weather bureau also recorded the lack of humidity in air. \"At 1.30pm on Sunday, when the maximum temperature was recorded, the relative humidity was 17% and 25% in Colaba and Santa Cruz,\" said Singh. \"For more than five hours since morning, the city was hit by easterly winds. After midday, the sea breeze started blowing, failing to bring in much moisture.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958212", "title": "Women outnumber men in new PMC House", "text": "PUNE: It is woman power all the way in the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) with women filling in 51% of the seats in the new body of elected representatives. The overall tally of female corporators is 78, while that of male corporators is 74.The phenomenon can be attributed to last year's decision by the government to reserve 50% seats for women in local self-government bodies to provide equal opportunity to the fairer sex. In the municipal elections on February 16, voting took place in 152 wards, where half of the seats were reserved for women.In addition, two women contesting from open wards - Nationalist Congress Party's (NCP) Reshma Bhonsale and Rohini Chimate of the Congress - won the elections, taking the tally of women corporators to 78 (51.32%) and leaving men behind at 74 (48.68%). Meanwhile, in the outgoing PMC house, there were only 51 women out of 144 corporators.Women leaders in Pune call this 'a welcome change'. NCP's city unit chief Vandana Chavan said, \"Many issues particular to women that have gone unnoticed till now can be brought to the fore. The NCP had come out with a special manifesto for women. Implementing these plans will be easy with more women in the house.\"According to statistics, the number of women applicants this year was 1,260 as against 2,080 men. The NCP and Congress had given tickets to 76 women, out of which 24 NCP and 14 Congress women leaders secured a place in the house.The Maharashtra Navnirman Sena gave 60 tickets to women aspirants and 18 of them won. The Bharatiya Janata Party gave candidature to 40 women, out of which 13 won, while the Shiv Sena women won six seats. The remaining three women in the list of winners were independent candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "11956550", "title": "Outsiders emerging as new workforce", "text": "KOCHI: Unrest is brewing in the city with migrant labourers from Odisha, Bihar , West Bengal and Uttar Pradesh gradually hijacking the employment opportunities of locals. Sunday's incident has made the situation worse. From driving autos to felling trees, migrant workers have made their presence felt in the city while pushing aside the local labour force.\"Businessmen and others are exploiting migrants who are unaware of their rights. While a Malayali youth will resist such exploitation, migrants are ready to work for a meagre amount,\" said DYFI Ernakulam district secretary M Anil Kumar.According to a police official, skirmishes have been reported in the city. \"There have been incidents where migrant workers clashed with natives over various issues,\" officials said. The labour department blamed the unorganized plywood industry spread across Perumbavoor and Muvattupuzha for this disparity. \"Plywood companies rely on northern states. While locals charge Rs 600 for an eight-hour shift, migrants work for Rs 300,\" said district labour officer E V Narayanan Nampoothiry.He said the department has taken various steps to identify key sectors where migrant labourers are being employed. \"We have started issuing cards to migrant workers in organized sector. But the challenge is to identify the ones who roam around the district for jobs. We track their numbers and collate data, but the actual figure is six times more than the department data. Our department has prepared this data by surveying the registered construction sites and industrial units,\" he said.Enforcement agencies were surprised when they found migrants driving autos and cars without valid licence and other documents.Ernakulam road transport officer T J Thomas confirmed this. \"We noticed it during a surprise check on autos and cabs. We directed the owners of these vehicles to furnish the details of drivers,\" he said.CITU city auto drivers union general secretary M B Bhadran said they would take up the issue with the authorities. \"There are people in the city who own 50 to 100 autos. They prefer migrants as they work for less commission,\" said Bhadran.\"We have been discussing the issue with all other departments. It is going to be a serious law and order issue. Already there are signs of growing animosity between the locals and migrants. It is impossible to get exact figures of migrant workers in Kochi as each day many people arrive. Cops have put the figure between 10,000 and 15,000 in Kochi. In the coming years, migrants from northern states will outnumber the locals,\" said M N Ramesh, special branch assistant commissioner, Kochi.\"City cops have been video graphing migrant workers. We will check their camps on a regular basis for criminal activities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "udaipur", "code": "11956784", "title": "Three-day survey to feel the pulse of village life", "text": "UDAIPUR: The students of IIM-Udaipur recently conducted a three-day survey titled 'rural immersion' to find out the socio-economic-cultural conditions of 456 households in 21 villages. The idea was to expose first year post-graduate students to the socio-cultural, economic and political environment in rural areas and look for possible solutions.Students were divided into 21 teams who visited 21 villages around Udaipur and submitted a detailed report on possible solution for their problems. \"The whole idea behind the survey is to sensitize the students about the problems being faced by rural people. They are future managers and should understand the problems they are facing,\" said Janat Shah, director, IIM-U.\"The rural immersion programme was an eye opener for me. It brought me face to face with the stark realities of the hinterlands. Getting to know of interest rates as high as 300% made me realize the importance of microfinance and savings for the villagers,\" said Gudakesh Kumar, a student.The only ray of hope students found is in NGOs and SHGs (Self Help Groups), who are actually working for people. To get indepth information on their living conditions, some students stayed with them at their houses. They also visited schools, PHCs and some even attended panchayat meetings to understand the villages.The report says that 95% of the people didn't have toilets in their house and they go to open fields. Another 80% people didn't have electricity and the remaining 20% also get it for 4-5 hours a day. Sanitation is a big problem which creates health issues. A large chunk of their spending is on medical treatment.After intense deliberations and discussions within themselves, they suggested some measures to counter the problems. For example, constructing a biogas plant will be a better option than the traditional chulhad which uses firewood. Burning of firewood is not only ecologically bad but also creates health problems in women. The cost of construction of a plant is estimated at around Rs 6000.\"We suggested solar lanterns in place of traditional kerosene lanterns. A kerosene lantern costs nearly Rs 150 and lasts for 2 years while solar lantern costs nearly Rs 700 and lasts for 15 years. Our calculation suggests that one household spends at least Rs 45 per month on kerosene for kerosene lamp that too after government subsidy while solar lantern costs only Rs 5 a month,\" said Piyush Jain, a student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960780", "title": "Madhavan dances to Sunny Deol's songs in Greece", "text": "Bipasha Basu and Madhavan starrer Jodi Breakers is largely shot in Greece. And it seems while in the country, Madhavan had more fun than Bipasha.A unit-hand from the film says, \"After the shoot Bipasha Basu , Dipinita Sharma, Mrinalini Sharma and Milind Soman used to hit the gym as they were all fitness freaks. However Madhavan, Omi Vaidya and director Ashwini Chaudhary who are complete foodies used to visit the clubs at Mykonos Island. Mykonos Island is known for its happening nightlife and the men just couldn't stop clubbing, hogging delicious cuisines and gambling all night long\".In fact while they were in Greece , the boys almost turned regularly at the clubs. \"After a point of time when Madhavan, Omi and Ashwini used to enter the club, the club as a tribute started playing' Jai Ho ' track as that was the only Bollywood song available in Greece\", adds the unit-hand.\"They even taught some Bollywood dance moves to the Greek audience in the club. They set the Greek audience grooving on the legendary dance steps of Bollywood actors, right from veteran Dilip Kumar to our own ' Dhaai kilo ka haath ' actor Sunny Deol \". Talking of the latter, we wonder what the Greek would he thinking of our choreography.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961431", "title": "Amala Paul to romance Ram Charan Tej", "text": "Amala Paul is slowly turning out to be a hot property in Telugu film industry. After making critics take notice of her performance in Prema Khaidi and Nanna, she's earning rave reviews for her role in Love Failure.The latest buzz is that V V Vinayak has signed her up for his upcoming film which has Ram Charan Tej in lead role. Kajal Aggarwal is paired up with Ram Charan in this film and Amala Paul is likely to be the second lead. After a disastrous start in Vivek Krishna's Bezawada, this film could very well be Amala Paul's ticket to stardom in Telugu, if she signs the dotted line. DVV Danayya is producing the film and S S Thaman is composing the music. The film went on floors earlier this month and some action scenes were canned in Old city.Source: 123 telugu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957246", "title": "Home restored, then sold off", "text": "NEW DELHI: The address L-1/10, Hauz Khas Enclave dominated the headlines in 2009 when 87-year-old Lotika Sarkar, a former law professor at Delhi University , was fighting a legal battle against an IPS officer to get her house back. With the country's elite fighting for her rights and even President Pratibha Patil coming out in support, Lotika got her house back in November 2009. This after Delhi high court restored the house to her by nullifying the gift deed she had supposedly signed in favour of Preeti Dhoundial, wife of Bihar cadre IPS officer Nirmal Dhoundial.Lotika had then told this paper that she \"hoped\" to go back and live in the house. Now 90-year-old, Lotika is yet to move into her house and is still residing in the house of lawyer and social activist Usha Ramanathan.In fact, the first and second floor of L-1/10, Hauz Khas Enclave, having a total area of 2307 square feet, have been sold to Dr Surajit Nundy - son of Dr Samiran Nundy - a reputed doctor of Sir Ganga Ram Hospital for Rs 2.10 crore. It was sold at the rate of around Rs 9,103 per square feet. A leading real estate consultant based in Gurgaon, said the current market value of that house is somewhere between Rs 30,000-35,000 per square feet.The sale deed, a copy of which is with TOI, was registered on June 3, 2011, and it stated that Lotika Sarkar agreed to \"irrevocably sell, convey, transfer and assign\" the part of the property at the posh south Delhi locality to Dr Surajit Nundy. \"The vendee (Dr Surajit Nundy) has agreed to purchase the entire first floor and second floor with entire roof/terrace rights excluding servant quarters, along with proportionate, undivided, indivisible and impartibly ownership rights in the freehold land measuring 389 square yards,\" the deed states. The sale agreement was witnessed by two persons - Lawyer Vrinda Grover and one Inder Pal. Lotika, who owned the three floors of the rear portion of the property, has, however, retained the ground floor of the house.Talks about Dr Nundy planning to purchase the house had surfaced in May 2010, when the chief minister's office had ordered an inquiry into construction activity taking place in Lotika's portion of the building that month. The subdivisional magistrate had ordered all construction to stop and Dr Samiran Nundy - a nephew to whom Lotika was reportedly planning to sell the property and who had begun refurbishing the house even before a formal sale agreement has been executed - has been asked to submit whatever documents he possessed relating to the house to the authorities.Dr Nundy had then said, \"We are planning to buy the house at market price (between Rs 2.5-3 crore) and all payments are being made by cheque. It was monupishi's (Lotika) wish the house should go to a relative. We had almost finalized another house when Usha (Ramanathan, with whom Lotika is at present staying) persuaded us to buy the upper two floors of this house. We wanted to help her so we agreed. The house is in a terrible state.\"This time, however, Dr Nundy chose to remain tight-lipped when asked by TOI about the purchase of the house. \"It's all private and a family matter. I do not want to discuss it with anyone,\" he said. Ramanathan was also not available for comment despite various attempts made by the reporter to contact her.Interestingly, soon after selling the house Sarkar also reached a settlement with her one-time maid Ranjita, who had illegally occupied the servant's quarter of the Hauz Khas Enclave house. Sarkar had been pursuing the civil suit against her for long and only last month the court was informed that the matter had been settled mutually. Sarkar's counsel had on January 25, 2012 told an additional district judge that she wanted to withdraw the case.\"Plaintiff (Sarkar) has received the vacant and peaceful possession of the suit premises from the defendant (servant) and she does not wish to press any of the other reliefs claimed in the suit. In view of this the present suit may be disposed of as withdrawn,\" the counsel had told court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956408", "title": "Motor rally to zoom into city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Desert Storm rally that is scheduled to be flagged off on Monday will traverse 3,500 km before concluding in the city. No less than 143 vehicles, including the huge AMW trucks, SUVs, jeeps, two-wheelers and Moto Quads, will be participating in the week-long Desert Storm rally that will start from Delhi. Rated as one of the most challenging long distance rallies in the world, Desert Storm will conclude on February 25 in Ahmedabad after passing through Bikaner, Jaisalmer and Bhuj.The Xtreme category has attracted the highest number of entries, totaling 48. It includes the likes of national champion Gaurav Gill and Lohit Urs, besides defending champion Sunny Sidhu (Rohit Michael). Also in the fray are last year's champion of the Xplore class Sanjay Takale who will be run on TSD (time-speed-distance) format and Rajanna Nataraj in the Moto/Quad section.As in the past, the Xtreme class will corner much of the attention given the rugged and extremely challenging terrain the vehicles would be negotiating. Competitors in this class face a demanding opening day which will see them doing a transport run of some 300 km followed by a night stage that will commence after midnight.The focus will be not so much on speed as driving and navigational skills since the competitors will be negotiating the tricky desert region in Rajasthan as well as the treacherous run through the salt flats in Bhuj, Gujarat before heading to Ahmedabad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957264", "title": "Try tea tycoons for defence leaks: Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A special CBI court has paved the way for commencement of trial against the owners of the world's first tea plantation company - K K Jajodia and his son Aditya Jajodia -for allegedly dispatching documents pertaining to security of the nation to two European countries.The Jajodias are founder members of Assam Company Ltd (ACL), the flagship company of Duncan Macneill Group, established in 1839 by a deed of British Parliament. It was the first tea plantation company in the world and was awarded a royal charter by Queen Victoria in 1845.On February 13, the court of special CBI judge Pradeep Chaddha ordered framing of charges against the duo in a 25-year-old case where they were booked along with senior government officials for allegedly leaking and dispatching a report of the defence ministry. The report reportedly contained details of equipment including radar and 'flycatchers' for detection and tracking of low-flying enemy aircraft.\"On face of it, it would indicate that both father and son were engaged in dispatching/selling documents pertaining to security of the nation,\" said Judge Chaddha. He said he found sufficient prima facie evidence against the duo to frame charges under criminal conspiracy and a few sections of Official Secrets Act.The court has also framed charges against N W Nerukar, then advisor in the department of electronics, and against Brigadier R S Deol, who served in the directorate of weapons and equipment, Army Headquarters, between March 1986 and March 1988.As per the CBI, on April 13, 1987, acting on a tip-off, senior CBI officials picked up two couriers from a courier company at Barakhamba road. The first packet was addressed to one Marc De Saint Dennis of Paris and contained a photocopy of \"User Evaluation Trial Report on RATAC-S Battlefield Surveillance Rader (BFSR) phase-I\". The second cover was addressed to Mr J W H Weavers, Netherlands, and contained typed draft in 13 pages containing details of radar, flycatcher and other arms and ammunition. Following this interception, the CBI teams raided Jajodia's Vasant Vihar residence and allegedly found more documents pertaining to details of utility helicopters required by the army from K K Jajodia's bedroom.\"Seizure of further documents from the house of Jajodias raises suspicion that they were involved in the peddling of secrets. Had nothing been recovered from their residence probably opinion of the court would have been different but further recovery from the residence clinches the issue for the time being and it seems that they were indeed involved with leakage of defence secrets,\" said Judge Chaddha, who has now put the case for February 23.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mangalore/chennai", "code": "11963107", "title": "Now bedbugs start bugging railway passengers", "text": "MANGALORE/CHENNAI: It is a pestering problem that Southern Railways in general and Indian Railways in particular are not able to put a lid on despite best efforts. While sighting of cockroaches and of late even rats in trains are accepted as normal, what regular business traveller who prefer to travel in AC coaches must contend alongside these pests and rodents is bed bugs, which are certain to give travellers young and old alike sleepless nights.Ensconced in the linen and blankets given to passengers travelling on AC two and three-tier coaches, bed bugs become active once lights in coaches go off and passengers hit the sack. Cimicidae or bed bugs are small parasitic insects and refers to species that prefer to feed on human blood. Almost invisible to human eye, these bed bugs once they have fed on human blood bloat to the size slightly smaller than the sac of a mosquito in a similar state.Enduring these bed bugs on board AC coach A2 of 12686 Mangalore-Chennai Express on Wednesday last, Ramesh Chandran, regional head of a leading cosmetic company was not bemused. \"I prefer to travel by AC coach as I can reach my destination fresh and get on with my work on arrival there,\" he said, adding that bedbugs gave him a harrowing time. \"One cannot go to work in a fresh frame of mind having spent the night without sleep,\" he said.Similar was complaint of HP Mulki and his wife Snehaprabha, who travelled from Chennai to Delhi in AC coach recently. \"We had to endure cockroaches, rats and bedbugs and whole journey was a nightmare,\" he said. This is not phenomenon restricted to Southern Railway alone. Even JL Shenoy, a retired engineer who travelled to Mumbai recently on Konkan Railway endured these pests. \"It is stressful to travel in these conditions,\" he said.Acknowledging that early detection and treatment are critical to successful control of pests, VJ Accamma, chief public relations officer of Southern Railway told TOI that they have been getting lots of complaints from passengers. \"I am from Kottayam and travel often to Chennai and know the problem firsthand,\" she says, adding that Southern Railway would initiate strict action against departmental staff or contractor concerned for shoddy linen maintenance.James Sebastian, PRO, Palghat division said primary maintenance of each train is vested with particular railway station. The case of bedbugs in the AC coaches of trains 12686/65 would be investigated and action taken. According to a survey, the most commonly infested places are the mattress (98.2%). In fact, bed bugs thrive in areas where there is an adequate supply of available hosts, and plenty of cracks and harborages within 1.5 m of the host.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956182", "title": "Security guard, married woman commit suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Two people, including a married woman, committed suicide in the state capital in past 24 hours. A 45- year-old security guard was found hanging in Kamla Nagar area while a 25-year-old woman opted for the extreme step in Bagh Sawenia locality.The police said deceased Maneka, wife of Ashish, was a resident of Arvind Vihar in Bagh Sawenia. She got married around three years ago. She allegedly committed suicide by hanging self in her house in the afternoon. Police said Ashish rushed her to a private hospital where she was declared dead.The deceased hailed from Uttar Pradesh. Her maternal family has been informed and further course of investigation would be after recording their statements, police said, adding that no suicide note was found.Meanwhile police said one Dil Bahadur Singh, a security guard and a resident of Rahul Nagar,was found hanging inside his room in the evening.The investigating officials said deceased hailed from Nepal and was residing in the city alone for past 15 around years. He was reportedly employed as a security guard in Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT). The police suspected depression as a probable cause of incident.Bike looted: In a brazen incident, two youth intercepted a middle-aged man on his two-wheeler, punched him on the face and snatched away his motorbike in the BHEL Township here late on Saturday. The police said the victim Surendra, resident of D-sector, Piplani, was returning from BHEL sports club on Saturday night, when the two youth on a bike stopped him on the pretext of asking an address. Later, one of them punched and pushed him down and fled away with his motorbike. Surendra who was bleeding from his nose called his brother, who rushed him to a hospital, and later informed the police about the incident. The Piplani police have registered a case under section 394 of the IPC (voluntarily causing hurt in committing robbery) in the incident. Police said victim is an employee in BHEL. He could not spot the registration number of the bike on which the accused came. The investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "manipal", "code": "11958248", "title": "Pulse polio drive at Manipal", "text": "MANIPAL: The pulse polio immunization campaign organized at Kasturba Hospital, Manipal was inaugurated by Dr (Col) R R Pulgaonkar, Medical Superintendent, on Sunday.Pulgaonkar, Medical Superintendent of Kasturba Hospital, Manipal said, pulse polio immunization programme, aimed at bringing down the number of polio affected people, has been successful in the country. He urged the people to utilize camps organized by the state government and non-governmental organizations to help eradicate polio from the world.The programme was organized by JCI, Manipal Hill City and Lion and Lioness Club of Manipal. Dr Pushpa G Kini, head of the department of paediatrics, and Dr Nalini Bhaskaranand, unit head of paediatrics were present.DK achieves 87 % targetAs many as 1,39519 children aged below five were administered the pulse polio vaccine in Dakshina Kannada and a target of 87.72 per cent was achieved.Distinct health and family welfare officer Dr O Srirangappa told TOI that the target was 1,65136 children.The taluk-wise percentage is as follows: Mangalore rural 86.8%, Mangalore urban 83%, Mangalore corporation area 75.7%, Puttur 94.7%, Belthangady 96%, Bantwal 91.2% and Sullia 94.3%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956655", "title": "JMC incapable of disposing solid waste, says report", "text": "JAIPUR: Showing dismal status of management of municipal solid waste (MSW) in the city, the Rajasthan Pollution Control Board (RPCB) has sent a report to the empowered committee constituted by Supreme Court to monitor the department and develop Pink City as a world-class one.The report clearly indicates the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) is incapable of disposing of the MSW. As per the report, the estimated generation of daily MSW in the city is about 1,000 to 1,100 TPD (tonnes per day), collected through sweeping of the communal waste storage sites. The quantity of waste generally transported each day is 900 TPD, which is about 85% of the total waste generated in the city.Also, population of the city has increased by 28% from 2001 to 2010 while the total MSW generated has increased by 16%. \"We have received report from RPCB and it's a very comprehensive one. We are sad to know the status of the city, however, we will use the facts mentioned in the report to make the city clean,\" member of the committee Justice (retd) V S Dave said.The report also says the JMC has tremendous shortage of cleaning staff and resources too, \"There are 208 jamadars and 6,330 streets sweepers in the city. Some roads are cleaned every day and some periodically, twice a week or once a week.\"It also says, inadequate number of transport vehicles is a major problem. The transportation system also does not synchronize with the system of primary collection and bulk waste storage facilities. The JMC has only 159 vehicles in 77 wards for transportation of MSW.The board has also mentioned the JMC was not taking the directions seriously. \"State Board has also issued direction vide letter dated 1.01.2010 under Section 5 of the EP Act, 1986, to JMC to submit a time-bound action plan for compliance of the MSW (management and handling) Rules, 2000, and attach such a plan with the application of authorization. The municipality was also advised to undertake quantification and characterization of MSW. However, the JMC failed to submit any reply. Similar directions were again issued on 8.8.2011; but, no action was taken by JMC,\" reads the report.For better integrated management of MSW, JMC needs to stick to a single agency which should be made responsible for collection, segregation, transportation and disposal of msw. This will result in sustainable management of the waste and will encourage recovery and recycling. Also, door-to-door collection and segregation of the waste needs to be adopted so that waste is collected and segregated at the point of generation and no mixing is allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957218", "title": "Orphanage abuse: Govt plans state-level probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: After appointing an administrator to manage the operation of the Arya orphanage at Daryaganj, the Delhi government is now planning to carry out a state-level inquiry into the alleged abuse of inmates to get to the root of the problem and evolve mechanisms to prevent such violations in all homes.Making it clear that the orphanage case was a \"very sensitive matter\" and should not be \"politicized by any lobby\", chief minister Sheila Dikshit directed the women and child department on Sunday to dwell deeper into the matter as the future of over a 1,000 children is at stake. Chief secretary P K Tripathi is expected to hold a review of the case in a day or two.\"Appointing an administrator was the first step and the fastest thing that the government could do last week. Now we need to look deeper,\" Dikshit asserted at a high-level meeting.Women and child development minister Kiran Walia said after the meeting that the government would prepare a roadmap to decongest the Arya orphanage in consultation with the child welfare committee in charge of the organization. \"The orphanage is overcrowded. Once the final exams are over, the children will be gradually moved to other shelters to reduce congestion here,\" she added.The CM's warning came a day after Walia had attacked the orphanage management for communalizing and politicizing the attempt by the authorities and an NGO to bring out cases of abuse in the institution. Last week, orphanage chairman Viresh Pratap Chaudhary had denied allegations of abuse aggressively before the media, alleging that the organization being targeted by communal forces.The NGOs working on child rights in the city have decided to join hands to fight abuse in homes and shelters. To send out a message of zero tolerance in cases of child abuse, they are planning to campaign for a proper child protection mechanism.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11956722", "title": "'Regulatory body needed to audit quality' of healthcare services in India, say experts", "text": "PUNE: Experts highlighted the need for a regulatory body to audit the provision of healthcare in India, at the 18th annual congress of the Indian Society of Critical Care Medicine (ISCCM) and International Critical Care Congress that concluded in the city on Sunday. The five-day conference began on February 15.\"Similar to the USA's joint commission of health accreditation, which audits every single facility, quality of treatment and the death rate in a hospital, a regulatory body to audit the delivery of healthcare in India is the need of the hour,\" said critical care expert Shirish Prayag\"It is time for us to attempt to have an objective review of our health services. The healthcare industry in India is evolving, but through the financial module, which should be analysed; for that an authoritative body is necessary,\" he added.Prayag said that preventive measures and advanced critical care facilities were both equally important, as lifestyle-related illnesses have become an integral part of today's way of living. Odd working hours and frequent travelling invite issues like accidents, obesity and heart ailments, which need the best healthcare facilities, he added.While comparing the western and Indian critical care scenarios, Ken Hillman, professor of intensive care at the Liverpool Health Service, Australia, said, \"The intensive care units in India are of international standard. They have developed rapidly in the last 10 years and are well-equipped now.\"The US invests 16% of its GDP in health services, whereas Cuba invests only 9% of its GDP on the same. Despite the difference, the US ranks 26th in the WHO rankings, while Cuba at 28, is only two positions below the US. This is because Cuba concentrates on basic facilities, like educating people with the basics of healthcare, Hillman said.\"As medical services are becoming expensive by the day, the biggest challenge faced by the critical care sector today is to provide the best possible medical facilities at affordable prices,\" he added.Rouby Jean Jacques, director of the Experimental Intensive Care Unit and vice-dean of the University School of Medicine, La Pitie-Salpetriere, France, said, \"The job of intensivists is the same in any country. Even in rural India, medical expertise is excellent, just the facilities available differ sometimes.\"A short film titled 'Resonant Notes', based on the life of an intensivist, was showcased at the inauguration. Noted actors Benjamin Gilani and Subodh Bhave have acted in the film, directed by Kiran Yadnyopavit.Intensivist Kapil Zirpe, the conference's organising secretary, said, \"Critical care practices in India have evolved significantly over the past decade. Critical care initially began as a service in major hospitals, but with the formation of the ISCCM, the development of this specialty has been rapid.\"\"There are currently about 200 medical colleges with hospitals attached to them in India. Additionally, there are more than 1,000 district hospitals. But only a small proportion (10%) of all these hospitals have properly equipped or staffed intensive care units,\" Zirpe added.Constituted in 1993, ISCCM is the largest non-profit association of Indian physicians, nurses , and other allied healthcare professionals involved in the care of the critically ill. Over 4,500 doctors in 30 cities across India are members of the society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957022", "title": "Youth doing prescription pills", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Going by the five-fold jump in consumption of prescription drugs in the past three years, many of the youngsters in the city are experimenting with them. This alarming trend is reflected in the reply given by Chandigarh police to a RTI query by The Times of India.This is not so surprising as they are easy to obtain and viewed as 'safer' than street drugs. The procured data shows that merely 38 prohibited injections and 50 capsules were recovered in 2009, while 3,864 capsules and 190 tablets of different companies, all intoxicants, were seized in 2011.Many of the prohibited drugs were seized from youths, including school and college students, and some from medical stores in the jurisdiction of Chandigarh. The haul included calmpose, fortwin, corex syrup,alprax tablets, nitrazepam and proxypam.The RTI reply reveals that 1,600 out of the 3,864 capsules were confiscated from chemist shops in 2011 and rest from various drug sellers. In some cases, Chandigarh police had taken the assistance of UT health department.In 2009, a total 38 prohibited injections were seized from a Sector 26 resident, who used to ran this illegal trade under the cover of a STD booth. He has been arrested.The city has seen a sudden dip in trade and seizure of narcotic substances, including smack, charas and ganja. In fact, cocaine seizures have completely disappeared from the police files in past three years. In 2009, 100gm cocaine was seized in the city, but cops haven't caught any in 2010 or 2011.A senior police officer told TOI, \"The reason behind the rising popularity of prescription drugs is easy availability in the market, unlike narcotic substances like charas and smack.'' The official said this trend is mirrored in adjacent Punjab.The rise in seizure of medicine drugs have been shared with the Chandigarh health department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "11958235", "title": "DC orders closure of illegal stone-crushers", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan has issued instructions to the district mining officer, the DFOs of Hazaribag west and east division and other civil and police officials to close all illegal stone-crushers in the district, which made the government lose huge revenue and created environmental hazards.During his surprise visits to the remote areas of the district, Ranjan detected large-scale illegal mining of coal as well as illegally operating stone crushers which have damaged the forests and the roads causing serious road accidents. Several beautiful spots like the famous Bahbanbay hill by the side of NH-33 (Patna-Ranchi Main Road) have been badly defaced.The DFO of west division and the wildlife division of Hazaribag have also complained to the authorities that illegal mining of coal and stone crushers numbering more than 51 have endangered the existence of rare species of wildlife and animals in the national park region of Hazaribag and the deep forests under the Ichak and Padma police stations of the district.After reviewing the position of illegal mining of coal and illegal operation of more than 51 stone-crushers, the DC instructed the DFOs, forest rangers, forest guards, the district mining officer and all officer in charges of police stations, subdivisional officers and circle officers to keep strict vigil over the illegal activities and stop it immediately.He also instructed the officials to immediately inspect the mining sites and stone-crushers and file separate cases after verifying their documents. The officials were also directed to submit the lists of all such illegal operators and action taken report within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955702", "title": "Lord Shiv, a manifestation of Satyam, Shivam, Sundaram", "text": "NAGPUR: In a land of innumerable gods, if there is one who is worshipped throughout the length and breadth of India, then it is Shiva. An ascetic for the yogi, a father for those seeking blessings, a householder for innumerable women who perform Shiv archana, Mahadev is a holistic god. He is the benevolent one who combines truth with beauty for the larger good and thus the phrase, satyam, shivam sundaram.This makes Shivratri a much revered and celebrated festival for millions who fast and perform night long pujas. Shiv is considered to be ajanma and avinashi. Shivratri is the night of manifestation of Shivlinga. It is the culmination of nine nights of shiv navratri.Kapil Chandrayan, a student of scriptures and astrology, says, \"According to the shastras, Shiv is worshipped only in the form of a ling. But at home, shivlings made with gold, silver or sphatik should be kept. Stone lings which are fixed are for temples.\"Also known as Mahakaal or Mrityuanjay, Shiv worship is also performed by Aghoris, who pursue a communion with the Lord by living and performing rituals in crematoriums. \"They worship the third face of the Lord, which is said to be destructive. This form of Shiva is said to reside at ghats. Also, for those who wish to surmount the threat of akaal mrityu or are in deep distress, Shiv puja or propitiating Mahakaal on this day becomes the last resort,\" says Chandrayan.What is ideally prescribed for observing Shivratri is fasting through the day and jagaran at night, which should be spent in singing bhajans and worshipping the Lord. \"The night is divided in five different prahars and jaap of five different names of the Lord is done. At 12.30am or around midnight, there is a period of 40 minutes during which rudrabhishekh should be performed,\" says Kapil.Most of the essentials for performing Shiv worship are things which have a cooling effect. \"Shiv, also known as Neelkanth, desires all things which are cool. The preferred colour is white. So there is milk, akshat (rice), dhatura flower, panchamrit, bhang and sugarcane juice, with which abhishek is performed,\" informs Chandrayan. Red colour is a taboo and bhasma abhishek should only be performed in the temple.The rituals aside, Shiv is a philosophy for many. Mukund Kulkarni, a scholar of cultural studies, says, \"The name Shiv also means kalyan. In the trinity, he is considered the destroyer, but in fact he only protects and nurtures creation by holding the halahal (poison) in his neck. These lines, written by an unknown poet, sum up best the meaning of Shiva: 'Main madhu se anibhigya aaj bhi, jeevan bhar vishpaan kiya, kiya nahin vidhvans vishwa ka, jeevan bhar nirman kiya'.\"Bel is a mustShiv puja is incomplete unless Belpatri is offered to the lord. The leaves which have a trifoliate shape have multiple significance when used for Shiv worship. Like other offerings, they too have a cooling effect. The bel leaves also represent trikaal, trigun, tridosh, trivritti and trilok. Experts say 108 is the ideal number of leaves that should be offered to the Lord.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11956919", "title": "Students threaten shutdown", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Irked by the arrest of two students on hunger strike at the Panjab University campus, university students' organizations have joined hands and warned authorities of 'closing down' the university next week if the case against the two protesting students is not withdrawn.Fearing a similar fate being meted out to them in case of protests on the campus in future, all student leaders, including arch rivals, have joined hands against university authorities.A case of attempt to suicide was filed on the basis of the complaint lodged by PU against the students on hunger strike.\"There have been serious cases of corruption and fraud in which PU is yet to take a decision. Nothing has been done in those matters. So why have students, who were protesting peacefully, been arrested is anybody's guess,\" said Robin Brar, president of Students Organization of Panjab University.Joining the ongoing tussle between the students of the human rights department at PU, Ravinder Singh Rawat and Sunny Mehta and the university authorities, the Students Organization of Panjab University and the PU Student Council have written to vice-chancellor R C Sobti.The student leaders have mentioned two cases in their appeal to the VC, one pertaining to sanction not being given till date for taking action against an XEN and an SDO, who were allegedly caught demanding and accepting bribe in July last year. Besides, a decision is yet to be taken regarding action against a professor in the chemical engineering department, who was accused of tampering with the recommendations of a recruitment committee at his prior posting at the National Institute of Technology, Jammu.The students' arrest has evoked angry response from other student quarters as well. \"In case the students were not creating any nuisance, they should not have been arrested. Nor should PU authorities have registered a case against them,\" said Navneet Thakur, president of the Student Federation of India, Chandigarh unit. Students on hunger strike have been demanding reduction in food prices in the university. The protesting students said that the treatment being meted out to them was upsetting.\"The apathy of the PU authorities did not end on the campus, not even once did the dean, Student Welfare, approach us in the last four days about our demands,\" rued Sunny Mehta, a student of MA (human rights) on Saturday. He added, \"We are constantly surrounded by five policemen even at Government Multi-specialty Hospital (GMSH), Sector 16.\"Panel formedDean, student welfare, A S Ahluwalia, along with a delegation of PU hostel wardens on Sunday met the protesting students at GMH, Sector 16. The dean has formed a committee to look into the demands of students. However, the students refused to break their fast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kannauj", "code": "11957779", "title": "Kannauj district records 60% voting", "text": "KANNAUJ: About 60% voting took place in Kannauj, the Samajwadi Party's stronghold. Kannauj Sadar assembly witnessed 61% polling, Tirwa 58% and Chibramau saw 55% voting till 5 pm, informed election officials.The impact of the voter awareness campaigns was clearly visible on Sunday when a large number of voters exercised their franchise. Probably for the first time in recent elections, women-folks turned out in large numbers. Peaceful polling was witnessed by observers, who went around polling booths in Kannauj Sadar, Tirwa and Chibramau, where the Samajwadi Party is in a close fight with the BSP, BJP and the Congress.According to district information officer Mohd Tariq Khan, the polling was by and large peaceful. High percentage of voting was reported from rural areas where people, particularly women, voted right from the first hour. In most of the minority-dominated areas, all over the district, people voted en-mass right from the early hours despite a chill in the air. About 60% of the total 10,76,027 lakh voters sealed the fate of 53 candidates in fray for the three assembly seats. The polling crossed last state assembly election's voting of 54.5%. the district election official told TOI.Voting began at 7 am. Gradually long queues started forming at the polling centres, not only in the urban pockets but in rural areas as well. Women and youth came out in large numbers to vote. \"The extensive campaigning carried out by the Election Commission to promote voting has shown positive results,\" he said.However, it would be an acid test for the Samajwadi Party which had the maximum at stake since the party had bagged two of the three seats in 2007 assembly elections while the Kannauj parliamentary seat was won by Akhilesh Yadav.In the 2007 assembly polls, Anil Kumar of the SP had defeated Kalyan Singh Dohre of BSP on Kannauj Sadar seat. Kannauj's Umardha seat was won by BSP's Kailash Singh Rajput, who defeated Vijay Bahadur Pal of SP. The Chibramau seat had gone to Arvind Singh of SP. Jai Kumar Tewari of BSP had remained the runner up. This time, from Kannauj Sadar (reserved) seat, BJP's Banwari Lal Dohre, BSP's Mahendra Kumar and Vishram Singh Katheria of Congress are being pitted against sitting SP MLA Anil Dohre. Similarly, from newly constituted Tirwa seat, after scrapping of Umardha, Digambar Singh of Congress, BSP's Kailash Singh, BJP's Alok Verma and SP's Vijay Bahadur Pal are in the fray. From Chibramau seat, BJP's Archana Pandey, BSP's Tahir Husain Siddiqui, Congress party's Chotey Singh Yadav and sitting SP MLA Arvind Singh Yadav are in fight.Uttar Pradesh Assembly ElectionsAssembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "rahmankhera", "code": "11958091", "title": "Tiger scares away voters on outskirts", "text": "RAHMANKHERA: Apart from winning the voters' confidence, candidates in Malihabad constituency had an unusual odd to overcome - menace of a wandering tiger. The beast, which has been in the area for over a month, scared away voters in the Rahmankhera locality and only 35% people from a cluster of six villages in the area turned up to cast their votes on Sunday. The overall polling in Malihabad was 58%.\"We did get a call from the 'party' to come and vote without fear. Otherwise also, candidates had been telling us to act brave,\" said a villager Kalluram. The political assurances, however, did not pay off. \"We were told that the low turnout was because of the tiger,\" said a poll officer at the Dugauli booth. \"Even those who turned up, came in groups to vote,\" Kalluram adds.Ulrapur, in Rahmankhera, has nothing distinctive about it. It's broken, kuchcha roads, rather, make it a perfect case of state's apathy and neglect. But, on the polling day, the village assumed importance. More than 20 security guards were deployed by forest department at the village to infuse a sense of security in villagers, scared of the stray tiger. But, result was not encouraging. \"I came with others. And, more than half of the voters, have not come,\" said Pyarelal of Ulrapur villager. \"We are going to vote in groups,\" said his friend Siyaram.Rahmankhera has several of its villages reeling under the tiger scare. The worst affected are Dugauli, Ulrapur and Meethenagar. All these villages are situated between forest area. Dugauli and Ulrapur together have 658 registered voters. The tiger is located around the campus of Central Institute of Subtropical Horticultre (CISH) campus. A narrow road from the main Malihabad road, takes one inside the premise. While Dugauli lies on one side of this narrow road, Ulrapur lies on the other side.\"The stretch that connects two villages, has dense forest on both sides,\" said Arjun Lal Yadav. However, presiding officer, Lalit Sharma, who, too, was aware of the roaming tiger, ruled out any such impact. \"People are coming out in good numbers,\" said the officer.The forest officers, including senior officers, were present on the spot manning security at sensitive villages. \"We know our responsibilities, and we are doing our best. There is no scare at all, and voters are moving,\" said a senior officer.Canvassing in the area had already been badly hit in the area due to the big cat. \"When we come back from work in the evening, we give call up at our place first. It's only after four five people come and stand at road with lathis, that we enter the village,\" said Sanjay, resident of Ulrapur, about the tiger scare in the area.\"So far, it hasn't attacked anybody. But who knows,\" said Nayandevi. Since villagers are dependent for most of their basic needs on the forest, from fodder to fuel, tiger presence in the area is affecting them hard. The tiger was first spotted on January 8 and has not been trapped despite best effort fro forest officials.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11957755", "title": "Manipur contract lecturers threaten to boycott exams", "text": "IMPHAL: The agitating All Manipur Hills Contract Basis Lecturers Association has threatened to boycott the ensuing standard XI and XII final examinations scheduled to begin from February 23 if the government fails to comply with their demands of service extension and payment of due remunerations for the 200 lecturers.In a statement released on Thursday, the association said the government will be responsible for any untoward incident that may trigger during their agitation period. The irate teachers, who are serving in government higher secondary schools in the hills, demanded payment of their pending remuneration for 10 months (from November 2010 to August last year) out of the 15 months before the commencement of the examinations so that the careers of students and the deteriorating condition of their respective schools can be saved. They also sought extension of their service for two full academic sessions from March 2011 to June 2013.The statement added that though the agreement of the 200 contractual lecturers expired mid-session on February 28 last year, the teachers continued to perform their duties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "11958112", "title": "CLD/GKLMD moots billing machines in autos", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The legal metrology department (LMD) is planning to introduce fare-meters equipped with billing machines in autorickshaws. A proposal regarding bill vending system in autos will be soon forwarded to the Ministry of consumer affairs, under which comes the LMD.\"The system will be first introduced in capital cities. In Kerala, such meters will be installed in autos plying in Thiruvananthapuram on an experimental basis,\" said Ledson Raj, deputy controller, LMD. He said that the system would be like the ticket vending machines used in KSRTC buses and some petrol pumps.The electronic meters with a digital display will be used for this system. The meters will be automatically switched on at the beginning of a trip. The meter will show the fare and distance traversed as the trip ends. The meters will be so programmed that printed bills will roll out of the meter.\"All we need to do is to load paper rolls and install a programme accordingly,\" said Ledson Raj. Once the LMD receives the final nod of approval, awareness programmes will be organised in the city.\"The drivers will be usually reluctant to install such billing machines. Hence it has to be made mandatory by law. Even the customers will be ignorant about such a facility and hence awareness programmes will be conducted,\" he added.The new system is also going to be economical. An electronic fare-meter usually costs between Rs 2000-3000. Adding a billing machine is expected to cost an extra amount of Rs 500. \"Such a system will ensure transparency in the billing system. With a printed bill, a customer will be able to voice any kind of complaint regarding over charging with ample evidence,\" said an LMD inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11955060", "title": "TN to appoint consultant for satellite town soon", "text": "CHENNAI: The residents of Kuthambakkam and Narasingapuram in Tiruvallur have vowed to leave no stone unturned to make sure that the state government drops the `2,160 crore Thirumazhisai township project. However, the government is very keen to finalize a consultant within a fortnight to prepare a feasibility study for the satellite town. The Tamil Nadu Urban Infrastructure and Financial Services Limited, at the behest of the Tamil Nadu Housing Board (TNHB), is now evaluating the bids submitted by 12 agencies/individuals to build an integrated township in 311.05 acres. The land spread across Kuthambakkam, Narasingapuram, Pravatharajapuram and Vellavedu was already acquired by the TNHB .\"We are keen on the project. Concerns of the landowners will be addressed soon,\" a senior government official said. The board has also begun the process of acquiring 12.87 acres for laying approach roads. As owning a plot or flat has gone beyond the reach of the poor and middle income families in the expanding city, chief minister J Jayalalithaa told the state assembly in September 2011 that the state would take up housing projects like Thirumazhisai satellite town project to support the economically weaker section, and middle-income families.The 12,000-unit town would come up close to the Chennai-Bangalore national highway. The consultant will have to prepare at least three feasibility reports with various models/concepts. At least 60% of the township area falls in Kuthambakkam village, and the rest in the other three villages. \"A recent meeting between district revenue officials and land owners was futile, with the latter daring to end their lives to protest the takeover of their lands for approach roads, as well as lands already acquired,\" said a revenue official of Poonamallee Taluk. Though 112 acres in Kuthambakkam was transferred to TNHB eight years ago, villagers still raise crops on the land.R Elango, ex-president of Kuthambakkam village, who is spearheading the protest, said, \"Why should the government take away our farm land? The need of a satellite town is inevitable, but not at the cost of disturbing farmers' livelihoods. It will also pose a lot of environmental hazards since the project site is close to the Chembarambakkam reservoir.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956255", "title": "Cops visit Gujarat University to arrest vice-chancellor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city police's SC/ST cell went to Gujarat University (GU) vice-chancellor Dr Parimal Trivedi's official residence at the university's campus on Sunday late evening to arrest him in connection with an atrocity case registered against him four years ago.However, police did not find the VC at his residence.According to the officials, a team led by assistant commissioner of police K R Bhuva went to Trivedi's residence to arrest him.\"However, Dr Trivedi was not home and we could not track him down either. His mobile phone is switched off at the moment,\" Bhuva told TOI. When questioned whether the visit was for questioning or inquiry, Bhuva said the investigation phase is over.Trivedi was accused in an atrocity case for allegedly making castiest remarks against a GU faculty Pankaj Shrimali in 2008. After several police officials changed hands for the probe, the metro court had asked the city police about progress in the case in January.The court showed displeasure at the sluggish pace in which the investigation was being conducted by the city police.\"Last month during a hearing, the court had asked the investigating officers to submit a report of steps taken in the case by the next hearing. As the hearing is scheduled after two days, the city police are desperate to show some action taken. Thus, it is no surprise that the process of making an arrest is taking place in the nick of time,\" said a legal expert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955831", "title": "Delhi police bust another gang of traffickers", "text": "NEW DELHI: At a time when several people are being arrested in the AIIMS baby case, police have stumbled upon another gang of traffickers who used to abduct women from various parts of the capital and get them married off in other states for money. Two persons have been arrested from Hardwar and identified as Meena (45) and Vijay Rai (38).The Outer Delhi police were carrying out raids to trace a 16-year-old girl, who had been kidnapped from the Shahbad Dairy area.After the police rescued the girl from Ghaziabad, it emerged that she was kidnapped by a 'couple' and taken to Hardwar where she was forced to marry a man. On her instance, the cops raided a hideout in Hardwar and rescued another woman, who was kidnapped from Old Delhi railway station by the same 'couple' after they befriended her while she was waiting for her train to Bihar to her husband on January 17. The duo had abducted the 20-year-old woman, from Ludhiana in Punjab, after sedating her at platform number 1 and took her to Hardwar where they were trying to marry her off.The cops said the 16-year-old girl was kidnapped on December 18 from the Shahbad Dairy area by Vijay and Meena. The duo allegedly struck a deal with a man identified as Lokendra in Rs 80,000 and got them married. He began to live in Ghaziabad with the girl until the police traced her using electronic surveillance, cops said.Initially, the girl did not reveal the real story and told cops that she had willingly married him but when she was sent for counselling to an NGO in Delhi, the girl spilled the beans. She gave them the address of the duo in Hardwar where she had been kept initially.\"We formed a police team that was sent to Hardwar to carry out further investigations and arrest the people involved in the racket. The team managed to arrest Meena and Vijay and brought them to Delhi,\" said a senior police officer from Outer district.According to the 20-year-old woman, while she was sitting alone at the platform, \"a man wearing an army uniform sat beside me and began to chat. He was joined by another woman. Both became my friends as they said they had to go to Araria as well. They offered me tea and after drinking it, I lost consciousness. The duo then took me with them to Hardwar and kept me at their house.\" The accused were about to get her married to a man but came in cops' net before that.The victim was brought to Delhi, counselled and sent to a short-stay home for women in distress in Hari Nagar as she did not have a local guardian or a house in Delhi. Later, the cops traced her parents. They came to Delhi and took her back home.Vijay and Meena are being questioned by the cops. The police suspect that these two arrests may be the tip of the iceberg and, hence, the case has been handed over to the crime branch of Delhi Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "11961088", "title": "Kochi fishermen killing: Italian naval guards to be produced before magistrate", "text": "KOLLAM: Two naval guards of the Italian ship Enirca Lexie, charged with the killing of two Indian fishermen off Kerala, would be produced before a local magistrate here on Monday afternoon.The naval guards- Latorre Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone - were arrested by Kerala police on Sunday and brought to the land from the ship, which was intercepted and berthed at Cochin Port. They have been charged with murder under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code.The deceased - Valentine Jalastine and Ajeesh Binki - last week set out to sea in a boat along with nine fellow fishermen from Neendakara fishing harbour. They were allegedly killed by the naval guards of the ship, who fired at their boat on February 15.The Italian authorities have contended that the fishing boat was fired mistaking it to be a pirates' vessel.After four days of negotiations involving Indian and Italian diplomats, the naval guards were arrested by police in Kochi on Sunday. They were later questioned by a team of senior police officials including Kochi City Police Commissioner M.R. Ajith Kumar and Kollam SP Sam Christy Daniel.Meanwhile, Cochin Port sources said the Italian vessel would be moved to the outer anchorage within the port limits. The ship is presently inside the oil terminal due to which other oil tankers of various companies are finding it difficult to discharge cargo. Cochin Port and Coast Guard would monitor the movement of the Italian ship, Port sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "gk veedhi (visakhapatnam)", "code": "11956926", "title": "Reds blow up coffee godown", "text": "GK VEEDHI (VISAKHAPATNAM): Maoists struck terror again on Sunday by blasting a coffee pulping unit godown at Lankapakalu in GK Veedhi mandal in the wee hours. They had killed a forest ranger Madhava Rao in the same godown area six months ago.Later, the members of the Galikonda area committee damaged the residence of Seeta, a former militia member, at Lankapakalu village after branding her as a police informer. Before leaving the village, Maoists shouted slogans against the police for the lathicharge on tribals of Rallagedda village in Chintapalle mandal.The rebels demanded that the coffee plantations be handed over to the tribals by the AP Forest Development Corporation. Regional manager of APFDC, AN Gurumurthy, said that employees in his department were afraid of venturing into the coffee plantations due to the Maoist threat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957640", "title": "They have the heart to make others hale &amp; hearty", "text": "BANGALORE: Three-month-old Shaili and her mother Seema were abandoned by the child's father. Reason: the infant was suffering from a heart ailment and he did not want to spend on her treatment.Having lost her son two years earlier to the same ailment, Seema was determined to do whatever it took to save Shaili. Doctors had estimated that the surgery would cost approximately Rs 60,000. Despite selling off all her jewellery Seema could raise only Rs 30,000.A dejected Seema didn't know where to go when 'Have A Heart Foundation ' virtually came knocking on her door. Run by four Bangaloreans, the trust bore the rest of the cost and a hale-andhearty Shaili was soon restored to her mom.Shaili's is one among the 2,700 surgeries, mostly of children, sponsored by the Have A Heart Foundation at a cost of Rs 10.50 crore. Fifteen years after city traders and professionals Manohar Chatlani, Ram Melwani, Komal Melwani and Harish Mirpuri came together for this noble cause, the foundation is now active in Kolkata, Jaipur and Midnapore too.\"An open-heart surgery costs anywhere between Rs 1.50 lakh-Rs 2.50 lakh with a general ward stay and presuming that no valve is replaced or artificial device implanted . Undergoing heart surgeries in most hospitals is like a bandit putting a gun on your head and asking you to pay a huge sum of money if you desire to live. When I came across one such case during a business visit to Kolkata, I was totally taken aback. Thereon I decided to do whatever I could to help the needy,\" says Manohar, a garment and sari trader.Cousin Ram, a businessman; Komal, a fashion designer and Harish , a builder and developer joined Manohar and the foursome started a clinic for treatment of HIV+ and other patients on St John's Road in 1997. The foundation began to sponsor heart surgeries for the poor after collaborating with Narayana Hrudayalaya and Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research - the two biggest cardiac care establishments in Bangalore.Today, the foundation gets a list of 25 patients from Narayana Hrudayalaya and 30 from Jayadeva every month. \"I personally interview the patients and their family. If we find anything doubtful then a social worker visits the families and verifies the facts given to us,\" says Komal.\"The patient has to arrange whatever amount he or she can afford and we take care of the rest. There is no shortage of patients but there is shortage of funds. If we have enough funds, we can sponsor about 1,000 surgeries every month,\" Manohar explains.The foundation also follows up with the patients and their families post surgery.Parent's PointMy son Atharva was diagnosed with heart complications when he was just a month old. Doctors said the surgery would cost about Rs 70,000. I could arrange only about Rs 40,000 from my Provident Fund. Doctors then put me on to the foundation, which bore the remaining cost. Now nine-months old, my son is healthy.Vinayak Pawar | A Mechanic, Kolhapur, MaharashtraDoctors' ReportThe foundation is doing a fabulous job, without any expectation and little advertisement . The way they choose beneficiaries is transparent and non-discriminatory . In case of emergency, they even give online approval for financial assistance.Dr CN Manjunath | Director, Jayadeva Institute Of Cardiovascular Sciences And ResearchWhat the trustees have done is commendable . No rich man can say that he alone will support 100 heart surgeries every month. But if many well-to-do people like these come together they can encourage society to contribute for a cause.Dr Devi Shetty | Chairman, Narayana Hrudayalaya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "11956831", "title": "Entrepreneurship ideas galore at IIT-J conclave", "text": "JODHPUR: Entrepreneurship, and that too with society at its epicentre, is a mantra these days, which has increasingly been luring the students of premier institutes in the country to take up some venture instead of vying for a job.With this in focus, about 150 students from institutions like IITs, IIMs, NLUs and NIFT deliberated on various aspects of entrepreneurship here in an event - Taj-IIT-J Conclave. Hosted by IIT-Jodhpur as part of its annual techno-cultural and entrepreneurship week IGNUS - 2012, the theme of this two-day conclave was \"Entrepreneurship on Low Cost Solutions.\"Mohammad Rehan, part of the organizing team and student of the IIT-J said that the event, perhaps one of a kind in the entire country, seeks to bring together venture CEOs, capital firms, investors, successful entrepreneurs and college students from premier colleges with an aptitude and passion for entrepreneurship, interacting freely with each other and creating a motivational and guiding atmosphere to promote entrepreneurship.A number of celebrities from different sectors and ventures, who are known signatures of entrepreneurship in the nation, shared their views on different subjects and aspects of entrepreneurship in this two-day event, which included Ajai Chowdry, chairman, HCL, and Rashmi Bansal , the bestselling author of \"Stay Hungry Stay Hungry\" and many more.Welcoming all the dignitaries and the students, director of IIT-Jodhpur, P K Kalra said that IIT-J, a centre of technological excellence, seeks to create a class of socially responsible engineers, with a flair for lateral thinking, which was reflected in the recent launch of Aakash, the world's cheapest computer or a Low Cost Access Devise (LCAD). \"Innovation and entrepreneurship are the leading lights here at IIT-J and are given utmost importance,\" Kalra said.These deliberations further narrowed down to the concept of \"Sociopreneurship\", which means entrepreneurship in social issues. \"We have discussed here how capitalistic solutions can be worth for social problems,\" said Rehan. This event was followed by a competition of ideas on social entrepreneurship, the winners of which would be assisted and incubated by the IIT-J in setting up and running a company so that they can have the better insight and fortitude.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "11956857", "title": "Mother, son end lives", "text": "COIMBATORE: A mother and her son committed suicide by jumping in front of a train near Somanur on Saturday night. Railway police said that the duo was in a frustrated state after her husband was killed at the same spot while crossing the railway track in May 2011.Railway police said R Rajalakshmi, 58, and her son R Chandrasekaran, 31, were staying in a house at Anna Nagar in Palladam. Chandrasekaran was working in a jewellery shop. Rajalakshmi and Chandrasekaran left from home on Saturday night and came to Somanur by bus.They walked towards railway track and found out the place of her husband's death. They waited for a train and jumped in front of a speeding train late Saturday night.On Sunday morning, the police received information and sent the bodies to CMCH.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "11957747", "title": "Why didn\u2019t Sonia cry for slain Batla cop? asks Gadkari", "text": "KANPUR: Looking to pitch his appeal to Brahmin voters in the fiercely contested UP election, BJP president Nitin Gadkari accused Sonia Gandhi of having no tears to spare for a decorated inspector - slain in the Batla House encounter - as he was \"pandit Mohan Chand Sharma\".\"Soniaji ko atankio ki maut par aansoo aate hai par pandit Mohan Chand Sharma ki maut par koi nahi roya? (Sonia Gandhi sheds tears over the death of terrorists, but why not over the death of Sharma )\" questioned Gadkari at Dibiapur in Auraiya district.Congress leader Salman Khurshid's claims about Sonia Gandhi being moved to tears on the Batla House encounter in which two Indian Mujahideen members were killed has been grabbed by the BJP, which is desperately looking to resurrect its fortunes in UP.Taking a cue from Khurshid's claims that \"Soniaji phoot ke ro padi (she burst into tears )\" on being shown pictures of the bloody encounter, Gadkari is repeatedly questioning the \"emotional outburst \" over a \"terrorist \" but lack of emotions over the death of a \"Brahmin \" in the same encounter.Gadkari was campaigning for the BJP candidate Shivpratap Rajput. Sharma led the Delhi Police team that challenged the IM module at the Batla House encounter in Delhi. Khurshid recently in Azamgarh claimed Sonia wept after seeing the bodies of those killed in Batla House.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012Elections 2012 News", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "london", "code": "11957222", "title": "\u2018Artificial leaf\u2019 tech to power cars?", "text": "LONDON: British scientists claim to be working on a project to produce an oil substitute, using photosynthesis , which could power the cars, ships and planes of the future. A team at Glasgow University says the oil substitute is being made using \"artificial leaf \" technology - it's actually a twisted version of photosynthesis, the method plants use to harness sunlight , but uses electricity to spark the reaction.Rather than producing organic material from carbon dioxide as plants do, the scientists plan to produce hydrocarbon \"fuel\" which could be used in petrol engines to power cars and even aeroplanes , the 'Daily Mail' reported.They hope to prove the technology in the next two years and to develop a small-scale demonstration system within five.Prof Richard Cogdell, who is leading the team, believes the greater efficiency this achieves could make the technology a major energy source in decades to come.\"The big issue at the moment is that most renewable energy sources make electricity. That's fine, but we have not good ways of storing electricity, and it's intermittent. What you need is to be able to lock that energy up in some sort of storage fluid available on demand, and that's what fuel is. \"To really sustain our way of life after the oil runs out we have to be able to make, renewably and sustainably, dense portable fuels for transport, especially for aeroplanes and ships.\"We're looking at photosynthesis to see whether we can learn to copy it in a more robust and efficient way. What we've realized in just the last couple of months is that we should be able to use electricity to power these reactions,\" he was quoted as saying.The scientists envisages power stations containing vats of bacteria churning out large quantities of burnable fuel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956750", "title": "Near death experience makes Jeevan appreciate life more", "text": "LUDHIANA: After a near death experience, 21-year-old Jeevan Kanika wants to waste no moment fretting about life. Travelling is the first passion he wants to pursue. He wishes to visit every corner of the world and capture everything in his camera.He said, \"I just love travelling. I have visited several places like Delhi, Jaipur, Manali, Chandigarh, Badrinath and Kedarnath where I clicked many pictures. If somebody asks me to go somewhere even at night, I happily agree because life is so uncertain, no one knows how many breaths we have.\" He started believing that there is no use planning things after a paralytic attack in May, 2011. Fortunately, he recovered within nine days and stood back on his feet.Recalling the experience he said, \"I was driving to Jalandhar for some entrance exam in May last when suddenly I felt my left arm has started getting numb. I told my mother, sitting next to me, but she said it was normal, as sometimes blood circulation stops and parts of body become numb, so I continued driving. But then I realized even my back and right leg got numb and I was unable to move.\"Wiping the sweat drops from his forehead, he further said that in Jalandhar, he was rushed to military hospital where doctors asked him to get admitted, but he refused. \"In that condition, I drove back to Ludhiana and reached Medicity hospital on Ferozepur Road, but was refused treatment there. Then I got admitted to DMC hospital, that too on a ventilator. The doctors were unable to tell anything about my condition and were not sure of my survival. My maternal uncle who is a doctor in military gave me a shock therapy after which I could stand again on my feet,\" said Jeevan.After this experience, he decided not to curb his wishes, so he purchased a camera while returning home from hospital. He wants to grow in the field of photography but his parents want him to do something in the field of engineering. But he is sure of following his dreams. \"Since I have missed my exams and could not continue with BTech, now I am looking forward for a career in photography,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11957009", "title": "Sector-25 fire: Family suspects foul play", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The family members of the two who were burned alive in their house in Bhaskar Colony, Sector 25, during the wee hours of Saturday, suspect foul play in the incident. The deceased's uncle, Sukhjeevan, who arrived from UP on Sunday, claimed his nephews were first murdered and then their house was set on fire. He has submitted a written complaint to police in this regard.\"We suspect enmity behind the incident. Someone had administered them poison. Police have recorded our statements and they are waiting for forensic report,\" he said.The deceased, Sunil Kumar, 20, a scooter mechanic and Parmod Kumar, 22, were cousins and belonged to Uttar Pradesh. However, the postmortem report made it clear that there was no injury marks on the bodies. \"The doctor who had conducted the autopsy confirmed that there was no external injury mark. They have sent the samples for viscera to ensure whether there was some poison in the blood. We are also scrutinizing their call details,\" said SHO of Sector 11, Gurmukh Singh.Police are suspecting that is also suspecting that fire was caused due to a short circuit and the victims were sleeping when the incident occurred. Forensic experts had collected some clues from the spot to ascertain the reason behind the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955422", "title": "CM\u2019s poor homework did Cong in", "text": "After the massive debacle of the Congress in the polls to the Mumbai and Thane municipal corporations, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has been completely isolated within the organization.Not only have senior cabinet members, led by industries minister Narayan Rane, obliquely blamed Chavan for Congress' dismal performance, even those partymen who were involved in the entire process of nomination of candidates for the BMC and TMC have held the CM responsible. Ever since Chavan took over the reins of the state in November 2010, he had drafted an ambitious plan to end the 17-year reign of the saffron combine. Accordingly, he began deliberations with state president Manikrao Thakre, his Mumbai counterpart Kripa Shankar Singh and NCP president Sharad Pawar. Chavan accepted the view of the Congress and NCP leaders, but ignored the opinion expressed by those who opposed an alliance with NCP, primarily senior Congress MP Gurudas Kamat, who said it will be a disaster. Later, when Kamat insisted on his opinion being heard, he suddenly became untouchable in the Congress-NCP. Former CMs Ashok Chavan, Sushilkumar Shinde and Vilasrao Deshmukh, too, were against an alliance with the NCP.No doubt Chavan created political history when he joined hands with NCP, but he did not study why his predecessors had refrained from taking such a decision. It appears that before taking the decision, Chavan's homework was inadequate. He was optimistic that the voting pattern of the 2007 civic polls will be repeated. Had the Congress-NCP contested the polls together in 2007, it would have won 132 seats. Chavan did not realize the fact that all former CMs had distanced themselves from civic polls and that there was absolutely no parallel to the Shiv Sena's network in Mumbai and Thane. Now, Chavan is left alone to explain Congress's debacle to the high command.Dadar: Sena's Waterloo?Besides CM Prithviraj Chavan and NCP president Sharad Pawar, veteran Shiv Sena leader Manohar Joshi, a resident of Dadar, was the biggest loser in the BMC elections. From 2004, the Sena has been witnessing a steady downfall in Dadar, once considered the citadel of the saffron combine.A former mayor and former CM, Joshi has been associated with Sena supremo Bal Thackeray since the Sena's formation in 1965. Joshi was first elected to the Lok Sabha from central Mumbai and rose to become the Lok Sabha speaker during the NDA rule. Unexpectedly, in the 2004 LS polls, Joshi was defeated by Congress activist and Dalit leader Eknath Gaikwad. In the subsequent LS polls, Joshi did not contest, but Gaikwad succeeded in defeating Sena nominee Suresh Gambhir by a huge margin.Though Joshi lost in 2004 and the Sena nominee also lost in 2009, it was never expected that the Shiv Sena will meet its Waterloo in the subsequent polls. In the 2009 assembly polls, the Sena nominee was badly mauled by MNS candidate Nitin Sardesai and that, too, by a massive margin. In last week's civic polls, though the Shiv Sena succeeded in retaining its control over the BMC, it was unable to secure even a single seat from Dadar as all seats were captured by the MNS. If a top Sena leader is to be believed, then Manohar Joshi is one of the most loyal Sena leaders and the senior Thackeray has full faith in him. But with the passage of time, he has lost touch with grassroots party activists.Double StandardsAfter more than six decades of Independence, it is really shameful for the Congress-NCP government, particularly the departments of medical education and public health, that even a routine test can't be conducted in any of the state-run hospitals or medical colleges. A week ago, the home department promulgated an order for conducting routine medical check-ups for IPS officers. According to the revised all-India civil service rules, it's mandatory for all IPS, IAS and IFS officers to conduct medical check-up and submit the report to the state government. The tests include, blood test, ECG, urine, kidney functioning and chest X-ray. As per the home department order, it is binding on the IPS officer to conduct the medical check-up at the prescribed hospital only. If the check-up is done at any other hospital, then the report will not be treated as valid. Across the state, the home department has recognized seven hospitals for the purpose. Shockingly, out of the seven, not a single is a government hospital. All are private institutions and for the medical check-up of each IPS officer, the government will pay well over Rs 5,000. In Mumbai, only one private hospital has been approved for the medical check-up. Says a former dean, if the government is keen to promote private hospitals and that, too, for routine medical tests, then why does it spend crores of rupees on government-run medical colleges and hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957913", "title": "City shakes off lethargy, 52% vote", "text": "LUCKNOW: In 2007, the city of Lucknow went to sleep on voting day. Only 36% bothered to venture out and vote. Five years down the line, on a fine winter Sunday, the city sprung to life, voting like it had never done in a long time. The five urban constituencies clocked about 52% votes, but if you add the four rural constituencies, polling was upwards of 55%.This can be bad news for Mayawati, whose BSP scored poorly in Lucknow (it didn't get even a single seat in the urban areas) even when there was an anti-SP wave across the state in 2007. This can also be a major source of worry for BJP which has retained Lucknow since 1991, riding largely on the popularity of Atal Bihari Vajpayee who represented the city in the Lok Sabha. Congress is hoping to make inroads as is SP. The high voting percentage will make it difficult for parties to gauge the final outcome.Lucknow East and West which recorded 28% and 28.7% voting in 2007, saw 51% and 52% polling respectively this time. Lucknow Central recorded 53% compared with 31% in 2007 and Lucknow Cantt polled 52% compared with 45%. The newly created Lucknow North seat which came up post-delimitation saw 54% voting.This time, there was a huge surge of first-time voters and youth, who make up almost a third of the electorate. Women, too, came out in large numbers. At the Rani Laxmi Bai polling centre in Vikasnagar, there were two long queues of men and women. By 1 pm, 223 women voters had cast their votes here, while men were men were only marginally ahead at 244.A few kilometres away, at Saraswati Vidya Mandir School in Sector Q, several booths had already recorded over 30% voting by 1 pm while booth number 165 broke all records to stand at 40% by this time. Interestingly, this booth was second in terms of number of total voters at 1,061.The crowd at the Butler Palace Colony polling station came as a surprise. Mostly bureaucrats live in this colony and the place saw one of the lowest polling in the city in the past. But by 10.45 am on Sunday, several booths here had recorded over 20% polling. \"Finally we did well this time,\" said Vinita, after casting her vote.The enthusiasm was no less pronounced in the Old City areas of Lucknow. At Kalicharan Degree College, the voter turnout was around 52% with both the young and old turning up in large numbers.Huge turnout was also visible at polling centres in the lanes and by-lanes of the Old City areas like Billauchpura, Kashmiri Mohalla, Chaupatia and several other areas of Saadatganj, Thakurganj, Chowk and Bazaarkhala. Even the recent sectarian tension did not deter voters from coming out in huge numbers to cast their votes.It was the same story in Cantonment, Alambagh, LDA Colony, Sarojininagar, Indiranagar, Aliganj, Sarvodayanagar and Mahanagar.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960884", "title": "Rajib works hard for his next movie's item number", "text": "Rajib has a strange fascination for No. 2. Be it his hotel room number, his phone number or shooting date, the digits have to end in two.\"Two is my lucky number. In fact, all even numbers are lucky for me. Till date, two has played an important role in my life and I am pretty superstitious about it,\" said Rajib, who is currently in Mumbai to rope in Bappi Lahiri for an item number for his next starring Prosenjit Chatterjee and Richa Ganguly.\"Newcomer Pritam is scoring the music for this film. Shaan , Alka Yagnik , Mahalakshmi Iyer and Kumar Sanu have done the playback. The songs are high on melody and we wanted to give the '80s feel to the songs,\" he added.On being asked if the unit will be leaving for Jordan to shoot the song sequences to be choreographed by Baba Yadav, Rajib took a 'no comments' stance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957668", "title": "NRL completes 10 years sans accidents", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL) on Saturday completed 10 years of Loss Time Accident (LTA) free operations implying that the company has completed a decade without any loss time accident. This is considered an outstanding safety achievement for an oil company which is vulnerable to various kinds of safety hazards.NRL managing director Dipak Chakravarty congratulated all employees on achieving this incredible distinction. NRL officials said this is as an ample reflection of the robust safety management system in place at NRL and the true spirit in which it is implemented by all employees and stakeholders.Recently, the company was awarded the \"Certificate of Appreciation\" in the manufacturing sector by the National Safety Council of India, the apex body under the central government formed to generate, develop and sustain a voluntary movement on safety, health and environment (SHE) at the national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11955916", "title": "3 couples elected to Nashik civic body", "text": "NASHIK: Three couples, who contested elections to the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) on tickets from various political parties, have been elected and will be seen together in civic body.Elections were held for 122 seats on February 16, with 50% seats reserved for women. Political parties, while nominating outgoing corporators, had awarded candidature to their wives from the women category at some locations. Seven couples were in the fray from various wards across the city and it was a salient feature of the elections.Shiv Sena's outgoing corporator Sudhakar Badgujar and his wife Harsha, who contested on Shiv Sena tickets from wards 47 (A) and 47 (B) emerged victorious. Sudhakar Badgujar defeated Murlidhar Bhamare of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) by a margin of 5,119 votes. His wife Harsha defeated Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) candidate Savitri Rojekar by 3,568 votes. Sudhakar and Murlidhar received 6,779 and 1,660 votes, respectively, while Harsha and Savitri secured 5,637 and 2,069 votes, respectively.Outgoing corporator Shivaji Chumbale and his wife Kalpana, who contested on NCP tickets from wards 42 (A) and 43 (B) emerged victorious. Shivaji defeated Sena's Pravin Tidame by 52 votes, while his wife Kalpana defeated Independent Suman Sonawane by 408 votes. Shivaji and Pravin received 3,439 and 3,387 votes, while Kalpana and Suman secured 2,423 and 2,015 votes.Outgoing corporator Dinkar Patil and his wife Lata, who contested on Congress tickets from wards 17 (A) and 17 (B) emerged victorious. Dinkar Patil defeated MNS candidate Indrabhan Sangale by 3,646 votes. His wife Lata defeated Manisha Patil (MNS) by 3,267 votes.Dinkar and Indrabhan secured 7,434 and 3,788 votes, while Lata and Manisha secured 6,378 and 3,111 votes.Outgoing corporator Suman Sonawane and her husband Vaman contested as Independents from wards 43 (B) and 44 (B), but both were defeated. Suman was defeated by Kalpana Chumbale (NCP), while Vaman Sonawane was defeated by Laxman Jaybhave of the Congress.Sena's outgoing corporator Chandrakant Khode and his wife Manisha, who contested from wards 54 (A) and 40 (B) were defeated.Chandrakant Khode was defeated by Sanjay Chavan (Independent), while his wife Manisha was defeated by Deepali Kulkarni (MNS).The Sena had fielded Santosh Kahar and his wife Rohini from wards 29 (B) and 29 (A), but both were defeated. Santosh was defeated by Vinayak Khaire (NCP), while Rohini was defeated by Ranjana Pawar (NCP).Outgoing corporator Kavita Kardak and her husband Balasaheb contested on NCP tickets from wards 9 (B ) and 9 (A). Kavita defeated Sarika Bhavar (MNS), while her husband Balasaheb was defeated by Vishal Gholap (MNS).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955711", "title": "Delhi police smell more currency rackets", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the crime branch busted a fake dollar producing unit run by foreigners in east Delhi and recovered fake currencies with a face value of Rs 11 lakh, police say this might only be the tip of the iceberg. Sources in the crime branch said there were at least two more similar units functioning out of west Delhi, a place that has a high concentration of foreigners.Sources said the east Delhi gang had operated from rented apartments and kept shifting to avoid detection. The gang spread its \"message\" in a unique manner. \"The gang would arrange for fake passports for a certain client and offered him nominal discounts (the charges were anywhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 25,000) if he spread the work about their 'good work' to the rest of the contacts. The gang also kept in regular touch with Indian touts, who informed them about potential clients from FRRO, the passport cell and even local courts,'' claimed a sourceAdditional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia said over 200 passports from several African countries recovered during the raid were fake. \"We are now checking the European and Chinese passports - around 35 of these were recovered from Ganesh Nagar. It seems these might be genuine but have been surrendered by their holders in return of fake ones. However, we do not know the reason why they decided to do so nor can there be any clarity on the issue unless we get a feedback from the other agencies like the FRRO and the embassies,'' said the officer.In the current case, five foreigners, including a woman, have been arrested for allegedly producing fake dollars for the past one and a half years. The arrests come days after the cops busted one of the biggest such network run by Pakistan-based Kana and recovered fake currencies with a face value of Rs 2.3 crore and believe that the gang can have links with the illegal immigration rackets operating from Nepal and Bangladesh. The gang has also been producing fake passports of African and European countries and rough estimates show that they have sent over 110 men out of the country using fake documents and currencies. Most of those who sought their help were African nationals, whose passports and other travel documents had been confiscated by the Indian authorities after they violated Indian laws.\"The printing was exquisite and they could even reproduce the impression of the water mark of the genuine US Dollar. The prepared fake passports of the African countries were provided to the citizens of African countries whose passports had either been impounded in criminal cases or they had entered India illegally through the neighbouring countries. The accused used multimedia technology software like Autocad, Corel Draw and other softwares for preparing the counterfeit dollars and fake documents,'' said additional DCP (crime) Sanjay Bhatia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961010", "title": "Amitabh's health improving; back home soon", "text": "As megastar Amitabh Bachchan's health shows an upward swing, there are chances that he might be get discharged in a day or two.\"He is doing fine now. His health is also improving. He might be discharged by tomorrow or day-after-tomorrow,\" hospital sources told PTI.On February 11, Bachchan underwent an abdominal surgery and is currently recuperating at the Seven Hills hospital.The 69-year-old was supposed to be out soon post surgery but as he complained of acute abdominal pain, his stay at the hospital was extended. But now he seems to be recovering fast. \"A welcome day! many aspects improving, many reports positive, smiling satisfied faces all around .. your prayers work so well ..Hunger pangs swell for the first time ... docs say its good sign ? hope so,\" Bachchan wrote on Twitter.\"The 'kites' gradually and slowly disappear... 'kites' ? Yes, the various drips and tubes stuck into the body .. I used to tell this to Abhishek and Shweta when they showed dismay and fear in 1982 hospital visits ... 'kites'!!,\" he said.The actor even saw the India-Australia match yesterday. \"Saw some Tv.. the India-Australia match! Sad we lost, but some bizarre moments by the umpires ..! \"pressed wrong button ?,\" Bachchan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "11958383", "title": "Youngsters in city shake a leg, the western way", "text": "MYSORE: Interest in Western styles of dance is rapidly increasing in the heritage city, with people from all walks of life hitting the dance floor. Many youngsters are taking up hip hop, salsa, rumba, ballroom and other Western dance forms. Dance experts say the number of admissions to dance schools has increased drastically as children and youths want to shine on television screens by taking part in dance reality shows or busting a move at weekend parties.Speaking to TOI on Sunday, dance teacher Sandeep Shivashankar also known as Salsa Sandeep said: \"A couple of years ago, around 20 people used to enroll for Western dance classes every month but now around 50 to 60 people are coming in, particularly girls, with a ratio 1:6 for boys and girls. A majority of parents are enrolling their children in dance studios, due to the many number of reality dance TV shows, he added.Brides and bridegrooms are taking up Western dance classes prior to their weddings or to perform in pre-wedding parties since many people love to dance in pairs like salsa nowadays, said Salsa Sandeep. For a section of people these Western dance forms have become their fitness mantra, since dances like hip-hop and salsa include acrobats and stunts.Dance buffs from different schools are converging at a common place and taking part in social salsa parties twice or thrice a week, said Michael Lenin, another dance teacher. Five years ago, around 20 to 30 people use to enroll in dance schools a month, but now more than 100 people are joining dance classes. Women are also opting for dance classes instead of gyms as they are find that dancing to be a good stress-buster, explained Lenin. \"Foreigners coming to the city to learn yoga are also joining classes to learn Indian and Bollywood styles of dances,\" he added.A biotechnology research scholar B Yashaswini said: \"It takes many years to learn classical dance, so I started learning Western dance which can be learnt in six months. It refreshes our mind since we dance to catchy contemporary music in groups.\"Homemaker Vandana Machaya, 33, started learning salsa after watching dancers on reality dance TV shows. \"I took up learning to dance as a challenge and it has also become a kind exercise for me to stay healthy. Now I am confident to dance in social parties.\"However, this first year PUC student, R Parash is learning salsa, free style, and hip-hop from different dance teachers with the dream of winning a national-level dance reality show. He said: \"Today, dance enthusiasts are getting many opportunities to take part in various dance events and becoming an expert in dancing is an added advantage to becoming a movie star.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956768", "title": "Pirated DVDs seized, 2 held", "text": "LUDHIANA: Police has arrested two people who were running a business of pirated VCDs and DVDs across the city. Assistant commissioner of police (north) Swapan Sharma said they arrested Munish Kumar, resident of Guru Nanakpura and Ashok Kumar of Sunil Video House, Badaur House, on Sunday. They recovered 4,500 pirated VCDs and DVDs from Munish Kumar and 2,500 VCDs from Ashok Kumar. In another case, a man has been arrested for allegedly raping his minor daughter. ACP said victim accused her father Satish Kumar , a resident of Salem Tabri, of repeatedly raping her since 2011. Satish has been arrested and a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955384", "title": "How to score tomorrow? - English paper of HSC", "text": "NAGPUR: English is one of the most dreaded subjects by students in both Std X and XII. HSC board exams kick off on February 21 with this 'killer subject', but with a systematic approach to solving the paper students can expect to do fairly well.Here are certain points students should remember to ensure that they get the maximum marks.Tackle questions in the order they appear as the simpler ones are usually listed first. This way you do not waste time scanning for 'easy' questions.The summary section is of five marks of which one mark is given just for writing a title. Putting any simple title will get you full marks there.For the remaining four marks in the summary section ensure that you do not copy blatantly from the matter given, use your own words.In the comprehension section write only one sentence for one mark questions. Writing more won't fetch you extra marks and will instead waste your time.While solving the 'Tree-Diagram' section, use only pencil to draw branches. Inside the box you can write with pen, but only in capital letters.In the 'Tourist Leaflet' section remember to draw a text box first and write only within that. You will be marked for creating text box. Within the text box write only in bullet points.While beautiful handwriting enhances presentation remember that speed is of importance. It is a lengthy paper and legible handwriting is all that moderators are looking for.Paper overviewSubject : EnglishMarks : 80 (theory) and 20 (internal)Passing marks: 35 required including theory and internalDuration : 3 hours", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957122", "title": "TRS, TDP declare candidates", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) has decided to support Nagam Janardhan Reddy at next month's byelections saying that the party stands by the assurance given by it of not fielding candidates against those MLAs who resigned from the Assembly on the separate Telangana statehood issue.Announcing the party's list of candidates on Sunday, TRS election committee chairman Nayani Narasimha Reddy said his party would see to it that Nagam won by a huge margin. The only new face on the TRS list is that of Syed Ibrahim, nominated by the party to contest the Mahabubnagar seat left vacant by the demise of independent MLA M Rajeshwar Reddy.The other TRS candidates are T Rajaiah for Station Ghanpur, Jupalli Krishna Rao in Kollapur, Jogu Ramanna in Adilabad and Gampa Goverdhan for Kamareddy. Legislators Jogu Ramanna and Gampa Goverdhan have joined TRS from TDP while T Rajaiah and former minister Jupalli Krishna Rao quit Congress accusing their parties of having betrayed the Telangana cause.Byelections are being held on March 18 for seven assembly constituencies, of which six are in Telangana region and one in Nellore district. The last date for filing of nominations is February 29. The TDP's list of candidates has Kadiam Srihari named for Station Ghanpur, CR Jagadishwar Rao in Kollapur, P Chandrasekhar in Mahabubnagar, Marri Janardhan Reddy in Nagarkurnool, Mettu Venugopal in Kamareddy and Payal Shankar for Adilabad.The Congress has reportedly finalized the names of Vijayalakshmi (independent MLA M Rajeshwar Reddy's widow) for Mahabubnagar, former TRS leader P Vishnuvardhan Reddy for Kollapur and Mahbubnagar ex-Zilla Parishad chairman K Damodar Reddy for Nagarkurnool.Former minister C Ramachandra Reddy could be Congress's nominee for the Adilabad Assembly seat. Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Sunday held a meeting with party leaders from Nizamabad with Mohd Ali Shabbir and KR Suresh Reddy in attendance. It is learnt that despite local Congress leaders being unanimously in favour of Shabbir's candidature, the CM wanted someone from his family to be given a byelection ticket.Meanwhile, Nagam has said that he would withdraw from the contest were TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu to write to Union home minister P Chidambaram expressing support for the formation of a separate Telangana.The Bharatiya Janata Party dropped enough hints on Sunday that it was keen to contest the Mahabubnagar seat to protest against the TRS's move to unilaterally announce a candidate for the seat, which is at a variance with assurances made by it on the Telangana political joint action committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "dhanbad/ranchi", "code": "11958305", "title": "US delegation visit marks launch of polio campaign", "text": "DHANBAD/RANCHI: A team of 24 Rotarians from the US visited primary health centres of Dhanbad to take stock of the anti-polio campaign.The team members monitored the campaign by visiting Baliapur, Nirsa, Baghmara, Katras, Govindpur and other health centres and talked to the parents and health workers about success of the campaign.Dhanbad deputy commissioner S K Barnwal also visited a pulse polio camp with his child and Rotarians. He explained to the visitors about the modus operandi about the programme.In Ranchi, the annual pulse polio campaign of Jharkhand government started at Sadar Hospital with a huge public turnout. Children between the age group of 0-5 years, including the newborn babies, were given polio drops on the first day of campaign.\"More than 35,000 booths have been made throughout the state with a target of 56,89,000 children between the age of 0-5 years\", said Aradhana Patnaik, the mission director of National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), Jharkhand. \"No new cases of polio has been registered in the last financial year which is an achievement for Jharkhand,\" she added.The three-day campaign comprises putting up booths on the first day and door-to-door visit for the next two days. Health minister Hemlal Murmu , who was present at the inauguration of the campaign said, \"Our aim is to make Jharkhand polio-free and we are taking all possible steps in this regard. We have distributed vaccines throughout the state.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960614", "title": "Tamil theatre: Staging a revival!", "text": "Anew wave of ideas seems to have hit Tamil theatre. Shedding its 'familydrama' image, it's galvanizing forward thanks to the spirited efforts of some to reach out to the youth and the masses.The latest in this line is the idea of webcasting a Tamil play! When Prayatna's latest play Thodarum is staged later this week, theatre lovers from across the world can watch it live at the same time. \"We want to give audiences a live theatrical experience,\" explains its director, K Vivekshankar, about this first-of-its-kind initiative, \"For instance, if a person in Coimbatore would like to watch a Tamil play, his options are limited. This initiative strives to reach out to people who have few options. Of course, as the Internet is involved, it can be viewed across the world. We want to take theatre to the masses, literally.\"Another route employed by writers and directors to reach out to newer audiences is providing them plays in new genres. Thodarum itself is based in the horror genre, something that Tamil theatre hasn't explored in the past three decades. \"Such interesting genres will expand the horizons of Tamil theatre,\" feels veteran theatre artist and producer T D Sundararajan.A few months ago, a play titled Valai explored science fiction and struck a chord with most of the software engineers in the audience. \"We included a lot of computer jargon in it because it went with the subject,\" says V Sreevathson, who wrote and directed it, \"Fortunately, a lot of young office-goers related to it as well.\"The surprise factor is something Tamil theatre is throwing up of late and that's pleasing audiences to the hilt. Shraddha's recent offering Vadavooran, a historical offering, seemed to get that right by bringing a real horse on stage! \"It was a huge hit,\" adds Sundararajan, \"It went with the subject and the fact that a horse suddenly came on stage, unannounced, caught the audience by surprise.\"Another such attempt was witnessed in Dhanushkodi in which it 'rained on stage', a first for Tamil theatre. In a bid to attract youngsters, Tamil theatre groups are trying to use social networking and the Internet to their advantage. While one group, Dummies Drama, offers an e-ticketing service that people can use to book tickets for their plays, another cut a trailer for their play and uploaded it as part of their promotional campaign.However, at the end of the day, attracting the youth audience can be made easier if there are youngsters on stage as well. That's precisely what Chennai Drama House is about. Comprising youngsters, mostly working professionals, this group's two comedy plays titled Kandapadi Kandupidi and Indru Poi Netru Vaa were much appreciated in theatre circles.\"We started off in 2008 as a group of friends who were together in school and were passionate about theatre,\" says Karthik Bhatt of the group. About 40 shows old, this group hopes to march ahead in its on-stage sojourn. \"Theatre is an amazing art form as it's full of liveliness. The instantaneous feedback we receive from the audience provides encouragement and at the same time spurs us on to keep bettering ourselves.\"Life's a stage! Y Gee Mahendra's latest offering Naadagam revolves around the life of a theatre artist and chronicles his failures and successes.Children form a big target audience for Tamil theatre too! One of the reasons for Crazy Mohan's Chocolate Krishna doing so well is that it appealed to children. The play involves a bit of magic as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "11958283", "title": "Munda opens 6.7cr water project", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Chief Minister Arjun Munda has reiterated his government's thrust on ensuring drinking water to all villages in the state in the coming few years.Munda made this announcement while laying the foundation stone of the Rs 6.7 crore drinking water project at Mohanpur village in Bahragora block, about 90km from here, on Sunday. \"The present government is committed on the infrastructure development of the state and water being an essential part of livelihood the effort is on to provide drinking water to all villages in the state in the coming few years,\" said the chief minister.He also said the demand for a drinking water project in Bahragora was long pending and his government pro-actively took up the matter and ensured that the project starts by the end of March 31.Deputy chief minister Hemant Soren, who also addressed the gathering, said the government had envisaged a plan to provide drinking water to all the villages in the next five years.The rural drinking water project of Bahragora will provide water to nearly 11,000 people in the 16 villages comprising 14 revenue villages of the block in the next two years.Water will be lifted from the Subernarekha in Jamsola and will be supplied through 8.75 km pipeline to the Bahragora-based treatment plant and subsequently it will be released to each household through 17-km-long pipe.\"Of the Rs 6.7 crore project cost, 50% has been released in advance while the rest will be made available gradually,\" said local JMM legislator Vidyut Varun Mahato who was instrumental in the foundation laying of the long pending demand of drinking water project in his constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962892", "title": "Bobbi Kristina Brown gets high post Whitney Houston's funeral", "text": "Her mother's funeral had just been hours before, but Whitney Houston's daughter Bobbi Kristina Brown was allegedly found doing drugs after it.The 18-year-old apparently slipped away from friends and family after the emotional four-hour home going service in New Jersey. Instead of joining them at a restaurant, Bobbi went off to be alone and even caused panic as her mother's coffin was transported to the Fairview Cemetery to be buried. \"Everyone was freaking out and calling Bobbi Kristina's cell,\" a family friend revealed. \"It was so much commotion and activity after the funeral that Bobbi Kristina just slipped away. It's a horrible situation for everybody. 'They tried to save Whitney, and it didn't work.Now with Bobbi Kristina, they fear the same thing is happening again and they won't be able to stop it either. Bobbi Kristina is all Cissy (Whitney's mother) has left of Whitney. She's so tired, but she's ready to fight again to save her grandbaby.\" The teenager was understandably left devastated when her 48-year-old superstar mother was found dead in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on February 11. She was apparently found getting high after she received the news her mother had passed away and there were conflicts between family members on whether she should be taken to rehab straight away or left to mourn with her family. The teen has apparently grown up seeing her mother doing drugs and her family are concerned that she may follow in the late singer's footsteps in the more negative aspects of her life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11955878", "title": "Next Nashik mayor will be from MNS, says Raj", "text": "NASHIK: Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray, who visited Nashik on Sunday for the first time after the civic polls, said that the mayor will be from his party. Thackeray said he had come to thank Nashikites, his MLAs from Nashik, party workers and the media for the victory of MNS in the city.Fobbing off questions regarding who the mayor would be, which party would be considered as an alliance partner and the possibility of a tie-up with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Raj said it was too early to comment on these issues.\"Nashikites have reposed their faith in us and we won't let them down,\" said Thackeray at a press briefing at Rajgad, the MNS headquarters in the city.\"At 14 polling stations, our candidates lost by very few votes,\" he said, adding that since this victory was at the civic corporation level, the pressure on the party for performing well has increased. \"Every election teaches you something,\" he said.About allegations in the media about his party resorting to improper means for the election, Raj said the votes in the party's favour prove these allegations wrong. Raj also said he would pay special attention to the unsatisfactory performance of the 12 MNS corporators who were elected in the last civic polls. He added that the frequency of his visits to the city would go up to keep a check on the new corporators.Raj also said he had been keeping a watch on the lobbying going on against the MNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956295", "title": "Team Anna backs battered MCD engineer", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after MCD engineer Ansar Alam was attacked, Team Anna members Prashant Bhushan and Manish Sisodia paid him a visit at Sanjeevan Hospital on Friday.After the meeting, Bhushan told TOI: \"If a person holding the post of executive engineer travels in buses, it shows how honest he is. The attack has highlighted the strong-arm tactics employed by the building mafia. Till now no arrests have been made. Delhi Police needs to conduct an honest probe to bring the culprits to book. The attack shows that the entire system is steeped in corruption and we need to stem the rot.\"Alam was attacked on Tuesday evening when he was waiting for a bus near IG Stadium. \"Delhi Police has registered a case under Section 308 of the IPC-attempt to commit culpable homicide-but we want a case under Section 307-attempt to murder. The police have refused to do so,\" said Feroz Muzaffar, joint secretary, MCD Engineers' Forum.Sources say Bhushan will help in getting the case registered under Section 307. Even as Team Anna members have visited Alam at the hospital, there has been no word from the engineering department head and the zonal deputy commissioner, according to engineers. \"The senior officials are threatening to sack us if we don't resume work. But we plan to have an indefinite strike till the culprits are booked. Three days have passed and Delhi Police has not been able to arrest a single person,\" said Rajesh Mishra, general secretary, MCD Engineers' Forum.Delhi Police says they have not been able to get any lead in the case. \"We have deployed many teams to investigate the matter but till now there is no headway,\" said Devesh Srivastave, central additional CP.Over 300 MCD engineers continued to protest against the attack on Friday at Ambedkar Stadium. The MCD sanitation staff also joined them. \"The MCD Engineers' Forum is in talks with Team Anna, which might be joining the protest. If Delhi Police does not make any arrests, a rally will be organized,\" said an MCD engineer. Alam was shifted from Sanjeevan Hospital to another hospital on Friday evening. \"Since adequate medical facilities are not available, the doctors have advised us to shift him to another hospital,\" said Anwar Alam, Ansar's brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955800", "title": "Underpass plan to connect Alipore zoo with aquarium", "text": "KOLKATA: Here comes good news for those who often throng to the Alipore Zoological Gardens. The state forest department has decided to build an underpass connecting the gates of India's oldest and largest zoo and the entrance of the aquarium across the road.The huge footfall at the zoo has forced authorities to plan the underpass.The traffic police have a trying time managing 70,000 to 80,000 visitors who flock to the zoo during holidays and weekends. During weekdays, the footfall is between 6,000 to 10,000 - more than any other tourist attraction in the city - and about a lakh on Christmas Day and New Year.The estimated cost of the underpass is around Rs 1 crore. \"The funds can be arranged from the zoo earnings itself and will not pose a burden on the state exchequer,\" said a senior forest department official. The annual earning of the zoo is around Rs 6 crore. Authorities said that the number of visitors to the Alipore zoo, which stretches across 45 acres, has grown by leaps and bounds over the past one decade and the underpass is the need-of-the-hour.\"People from far-flung states, including Punjab, Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra, come to the zoo. It's a preferred picnic spot for Kolkatans as well - especially because the zoo entertains children and can accommodate the whole family at an affordable cost. The underpass would come handy for those who get off a bus on the other side of the road or are trying to board one,\" said the official. The underpass will be a colourful one with smallaquariums set up on either side.The corridor will be wider than the usual ones and will also depict the interesting pieces of history about the zoological gardens.For instance, the zoo has a heritage value as it dates back to 1842 when the proposal to set up the zoo was first mooted. Finally, in 1875, the then Lt governor of Bengal, Sir Richard Temple constituted a committee to find out a suitable site for establishing a zoological garden. The site - the land on each side of the Alipore Road leading from Zerrut Bridge to Belvedere - was approved by the Lt Governor of Bengal on 24 September 1875, while the gates of the zoo were finally thrown open on May 1, 1876.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11962345", "title": "NCTC: Nitish Kumar asks PM to re-examine the issue", "text": "PATNA: Terming as \"unilateral and hasty\" the proposal to set up the National Counter-Terrorism Centre, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar on Monday asked the Prime Minister to re-examine the issue and ensure the order is suitably modified to take care of states' genuine concerns.In a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, Kumar said, \"The new order defining the functions and powers of NCTC has to come into force with effect from March 1, 2012 and we are aware that chief ministers of several states have also written to you against the unilateral and hasty decision of MHA to create NCTC without consulting the state governments.\"Won't you agree with the suggestion that the government of India must re-examine the whole issue and ensure that the order is suitably modified to take care of the states' genuine concerns,\" Kumar said.In his letter, Kumar said, \"We have come to know about the creation of NCTC vide ministry of home affairs (MHA) OM dated February 3, 2012 which inter alia, contains provisions giving powers of arrest and search to officials of the operations division of the NCTC.\"\"Also the NCTC has been given the power to seek information, including documents, reports, transcripts and information of any kind from any agency which seems to include the state government also,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "11957544", "title": "Civil society, NGOs in Nagaland discuss community policing", "text": "DIMAPUR: Nagaland DGP O Alem took the initiative of inviting various civil societies and NGOs for a public debate on community policing on Saturday and sought their views. The conference at Town Hall saw at least nine civil societies and NGOs participating and presenting their views in the backdrop of increasing criminal activities in the commercial hub of the state.The concept of \"community policing\" envisaged to be implemented in Dimapur district some two years ago is yet to be made fully functional as it faces numerous administrative hurdles. However, the district administration and police are optimistic that once it is implemented, community policing would help curb various crimes and facilitate identifying criminal elements in the society. The process of implementation, though slow, has been quite appreciated by the civil societies, who have extended its full support in implementing the same.The Naga Council Dimapur (NCD) was the first to come forward with the proposal of community policing and even submitted a memorandum to the state government in 2010 suggesting various measures, said that there is a need to frame an effective mechanism and create a system where people would think twice before committing crime. NCD president Savi Leigise called for a collective effort to make the society free of crime.Stating that it is not only the duty of the police to maintain law and order in Dimapur, he said the law enforcing agencies need people's support. Savi disclosed that even though their memorandum was submitted two years back, it has not been finalized by the government. He also cautioned that selection of volunteers for community policing should be done with all strictness and only those capable of taking the responsibility should be included. \"Selection of community police should not be based on political inclinations,\" he said, adding that police alone cannot bring peace unless the public extend their support.Home commissioner J Alam on Saturday said that the district administration and the police have to take the lead in controlling crime and maintain law and order in a district and, at the same time, the public have to play a supportive role. Giving his remarks at the conference, Alam observed that Dimapur is not an easy place to work at and the police have a tough task at hand. He complimented the police for taking up the challenge and said an alliance between the police and public on the line of public-private partnership (PPP) would help curb crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955728", "title": "When Lord Shiva saved the world", "text": "O merciful Lord, bestow upon the humanity all the riches at your feet...Hands folded and with one-pointed devotion, Dattrateya Bhave was engrossed in invoking blessings of the 'Nirgun form of the Lord' (lingam) in the dimly-lit sanctum sanctorum of the small and exquisite 12th Century Tambdi Surla temple at the crack of dawn on the occasion of Maha Shivratri. His forefathers revered the deity and coming generations will follow suit. For him, the vigilant Shiva residing at the foot of the Western Ghats amid impenetrable vegetation and under the roving eye of a huge king cobra (as per the local belief), is the dispeller of all miseries.In his mind's eye, Bhave envisages himself offering ablution to the almighty through the holy night amid chanting of mantras and benedictory verses. He brought before his eyes the 'sagun form of the lord' (Lord's visible form in which he is depicted as the father of Ganesh and Kartikeya). The lord's hair is piled high on his head, with a crescent moon tucked into it and the river Ganges falling from his hair. Sitting on a tiger skin, wearing rudraksha beads garlands, a coiled serpent around neck, a trident in his left hand in which is fastened the 'damroo' (small leather drum), body smeared with ash , and a water pot on his right, the lord appeared to him as the centrifugal force of universe.During the first prahar (a period of three hours) of the night, Bhave absorbs himself in chanting 'Shree Shivay Namah', during the second 'Shree Shankaray Namah', followed by 'Shree Sambsadashivay Namah' and 'Shree Maheshvaray Namah' before concluding with 'Shree Rudray Namah' - the order mentioned by Lord himself in Shiv Purana. Ardent devotees like Bhave, keep severe fast throughout the day, maintain long vigils the whole night, listen to stories, hymns and songs glorifying the lord's trait and make offerings of flowers and incense before the fast is broken the next morning.Every year, on the 14th night of the new moon during the dark half of the phalguna month, Shaivites from near and far, fall at the feet of the lord here seeking freedom from all sins and liberation from the cycle of birth and death. It is the most auspicious night in their lives as the lord is said to have performed the Tandava Nritya or the dance of primordial creation, preservation and destruction.According to the Puranas, the festival marks the protection of the world by Shiva from the deadly poison that emerged during the churning of the ocean. The lord drank the poison and saved the world from destruction.Shivratri celebrates this event by which the world was saved. There are many other legends too.Like Bhave, a large number of devotees from near and far gather at the feet of the deity to pay their obeisance as the rays of the rising sun begin falling on the unique sculptural marvel at Tambdi Surla on the day of Shivratri. The creators of this small, beautifully carved and perfectly proportioned weather-resistant grey-black basalt temple have depicted the Lord in 'nirgun' form or 'lingam' - the unborn, invisible form of the lord representing creativity. The phallic 'linga' symbol represents energies necessary for life on both the microcosmic and the macrocosmic levels, that is, the world in which we live and the world which constitutes the whole of the universe. The festival is celebrated with pomp and gaiety across Goa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961840", "title": "I love doing South Indian cinema: Flora Saini", "text": "She has been working in the South Indian film industry for a while, but it's only now that actor Flora Saini has signed a Hindi film.But the actor has made it clear that she would not shift bag and baggage to Hindi cinema. \"It's a struggle. I was doing Telugu films for a long time and then I didn't do much. Now that I'm back, I've found my contemporaries missing from action,\" says the actor. \"I never left and neither will I go elsewhere in future,\" she added. Ask her where she was all these years and she says, \"I've been doing films in other regional languages. Now I'm doing a Telugu film, so it feels good to be back.\"Flora who has recently signed the Hindi film, \"Ya Rab\" with the director Hasnain Hydrabadwala, is positive of a good showing. \"Hasnain had earlier directed \"Train\" with Emraan Hashmi, under Mahesh Bhatt's banner. We've been friends for long and finally when he had this script, he asked me to come on board,\" explains the actor.Shooting for a Telugu film currently, the actor seems unperturbed about not working with the big guns of Telugu cinema. \"Everyone is a star in their own right. I have worked with some big names in the past. Hopefully I will manage to work with a few top guns soon,\" says the actor who insists being called Flora and not Asha. \"My name is Flora and not Asha or Mayuri. When I came into the Telugu film industry, someone suggested the change as they though it won't go down well with the audience. But now that I'm doing a Hindi film, I'm going to stick to my original name, Flora.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11956593", "title": "Stitching together battered lives", "text": "Mehboob Bibi, 33, never went to school herself. For her daughter, she does not allow any tragedy to prevent her from going to school. Mehboob was widowed in Naroda-Patia carnage of 2002 when she was only 23. Money was short so she learnt sewing.Family insisted her to remarry but she chose to be only a mother instead. She had a three year old daughter Ghazaka and decided not to say `Qabool hai' again as there were no guarantees that the man would be a good father to her daughter. Her single minded focus was to give the best English medium education to her only daughter Ghazaka, who was only three when her father, garage and home was burnt down in 2002.\"I was uneducated but I want Ghazaka to be well educated. I want her to become an officer and be equipped to deal with any crisis life serves her with her head held high\", says\", Mehboob Bibi, who has learnt sewing the most fashionable clothes through an NGO that worked with riotwidows a few years ago. In the past decade, Mehboob Bibi has depended on her tailoring skills to get past through the horrors that life served to her. Mehboob is one of 11 riot widows who were rehabilitated in Faisal Park in Vatva. Only three re-married.One, Bibi Bano, was killed by her paramour who wanted to lay his hands on her Rs 3.5 lakh compensation money. The rest chose not to look for a shoulder to lean on but instead learn to stand on their feet so that they can support their children. Seven widows dedicated their lives solely to their bringing up their children. They were all housewives but all now work, either from home or in factories, depending largely on their tailoring skills. While what happened in 2002 is unforgettable, wounds so deep, cannot be easily healed. But most have joined hands with Hindu partners to eke a living. Zulekha Bano, 48, works for a factory run in the neighbourhood by Nirmalaben. This mother of six works from 10 am to 6 pm daily at the factory. \"I have no q u a l m s working for a Hindu woman.One cannot hold a grudge against the entire community for the handful of murders who wiped out our families\", says Zulekha candidly. Her four children who were big enough to remember the butchering and burning of their father by the mob refuse to live in Gujarat and are studying in Bangalore at their uncle's place.\"My two sons, Ashraf and Aslam, study in English medium school. I pay their school and tuition fees amounting to Rs 1,500 per month from my meagre earnings. I am illiterate but dream big for them. The tragedy has taught me to fight it out\", says Zulekha, betraying a stoic resilience which is characteristic of almost each riot widow.Ayesha Bibi, had got only courage to survive abject poverty in which she was thrown along with her three kids. Her husband, Abid Ali, who used to work in Dubai and gave her a comfortable life, was killed in Naroda-Patia carnage while he was on leave to visit home. \"After Ali, no family member supported me. I used to sew before marriage, a skill which helped me put food in my children's mouth\", says Ayesha who used the compensation money only last year to get her elder daughter married while saving some for younger daughter Heena.She cuts spending on food to pay fee of her son Asif Ali, pursuing BCom in RC College of Commerce. \"Once he gets a job, I will rest easy. Till then, I continue to work hard\", says Ayesha who works for a garment stitching unit for a salary of Rs 3,000 per month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957560", "title": "NCTC: CM Tarun Gogoi extends unconditional support to the Centre's proposal", "text": "GUWAHATI: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi extended his unconditional and obvious support to the Centre's National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC) proposal but added the government should ensure that any anti-terror measures or laws are not misused anywhere in the country.Non-Congress state governments led by opposition leaders - Mamata Banerjee ( West Bengal ), J Jayalalithaa ( Tamil Nadu ), Naveen Patnaik (Odisha), Nitish Kumar ( Bihar ) and Narendra Modi (Gujarat) - have raised a stiff opposition against the NCTC proposal, demanding its withdrawal. The latest to join the anti-NCTC bandwagon are Tripura, Uttarakhand and Chattisgarh.Gogoi said he believes the Centre will take all states into confidence first. \"I am for the NCTC but I believe the Centre will not impose anything on the states,\" he said, adding the Centre would not disturb the federal structure and spirit of the country.Gogoi disagreed that the NCTC would be much stricter than the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act (AFSPA).In what could be a dampener for the strong anti-AFSPA lobbies, Gogoi said the Act is an \"ideal\" one, but it needs to be properly implemented to prevent the situation from going out of control, which is fuelling voices demanding it be scrapped in J&K; and Manipur, the two states the draconian act is currently in place.\"AFSPA is very strict, but more than the act itself, it is proper implementation that is important. No act authorizes the government to kill or arrest an innocent person. Not many people know that AFSPA has been in force in Assam for a long time, but till today there has been no problem because of this. If you know how to implement an act, there is not going to be any trouble,\" Gogoi said.He said anti-terror acts get a bad name when they are misused. \"The government should prevent misuse of such acts and take actions against the guilty,\" the chief minister said.The proposed NCTC, which is expected to be operational by March, will be a body that will deal with terror threats. The NCTC will comprise the Intelligence Bureau's (IB) Multi-Agency Centre (MAC), which is already operational, along with the joint intelligence committee, National Technical Research Organization and the National Security Guard.The NCTC will be empowered by the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, which will enable it to conduct searches, carry out arrests, seek transcripts, data and other material from other agencies, including that of states. The opposing states believe that the proposed NCTC will infringe their powers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957778", "title": "Chidambaram, Gogoi discuss ways to tackle Maoists", "text": "GUWAHATI: Home minister P Chidambaram and chief minister Tarun Gogoi chalked out strategies, other than military action, to check further growth of Maoists in the state, which now stands on the threshold of becoming the new turf of the Reds.After an hour-long one-to-one meeting with Chidambaram at Raj Bhawan here on Sunday morning, Gogoi said the Maoists are growing in the state and could expand further with Pakistan-based ISI trying to get involved with them.\"We did not discuss launching special operations since Maoists here have not yet carried out any acts of violence. We discussed other measures to stop them from growing further,\" Gogoi said, adding the situation is under control now but can deteriorate in future and so more forces are required.Gogoi asked the home minister to restore the number of paramilitary forces deployed in the state to the earlier strength of 125 companies. At present, the state has 85 companies as the home ministry withdrew the remaining forces saying the situation in the state has improved, the chief minister said, adding he stressed that the deployment needs to be increased.\"It is a fact that Maoist activities have increased in Assam. They are working in close association with Ulfa (Paresh Baruah faction) and Pakistan's ISI is also trying to get involved with them. In fact, ISI is trying to unite all NE militant outfits and they might try to create a different sort of terrorism. We discussed how to deal with this,\" Gogoi said.He added two Maoists leaders of the state have gone underground although he did not divulge their names.Gogoi said he also urged the home minister to give the state development packages similar to what the Centre has given other Maoist-hit states.Apart from the Maoists, Chidambaram and Gogoi also discussed ways to prevent terror strikes directed from Myanmar. \"Myanmar is the biggest and the main base of not just militant outfits of Assam but the entire northeastern region. The Centre has been pressing the Myanmar government to take action against them, but the areas where these bases are located are not under total control of Myanmar. A local outfit, KIA ( Kachin Independence Army), controls these areas and the militant outfits have close relations with the KIA,\" Gogoi said.Reiterating his appeal to Paresh Baruah to join the peace process, Gogoi said the Ulfa hardliner leader is trying to strengthen his group as well his activities in the state.Gogoi and Chidambaram also discussed ways to take forward the various peace processes started with several militant outfits of the state. Chidambaram arrived here from Tripura on Saturday and left for Meghalaya on Sunday after the review meeting here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11963043", "title": "Sanjay, Salman, SRK and Ranbir adore me: Rakhi Sawant", "text": "While our filmi babes are sweating and stressing over the Khans and Kapoors of filmi fiefdom, clawing each other's eyes over their next film with these top-notchers, Bollywood's original item gal Rakhi Sawant is currently on top of the world! Reason? She's 'starred' opposite the best of the lot.Starry act!Ask her about the authenticity of the statement, and she replies, with a guffaw: \"When the rest of the world was busy speaking about the war of words between Salman Khan and Shah Rukh Khan , I was happily performing on stage with both of them. I also loved my patakha act with Sanjay Dutt and Salman last month. Mujhe logon ke pange se kya lena dena?\"Filmfare rocks!The gal, who has also got plenty of compliments for her fun act with SRK and Ranbir Kapoor at Filmfare Awards , says: \"For me, it was not an act, but a rendezvous with my fave guys. In fact, it's heartening to know that Sanjay, Salman, SRK and Ranbir adore me! What more can a girl ask for, yaa!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955914", "title": "Janpath jam to ease by 2013-end", "text": "NEW DELHI: Travelling through Janpath Road, blocked due to construction of the extension of the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate corridor, will only get better by the end of next year.The new managing director of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), Mangu Singh, visited the site on Friday to take stock and asked the contractor to wind up work along one side of the blocked road latest by the end of 2013. Singh, who was on an inspection of not only Janpath station but also Mandi House station, visited the Chelmsford Club site as well. The tunnel boring machine (TBM) for the construction of the corridor is being lowered from this site.A DMRC official said: \"The cutter head, front shield, screw and segment erector of TBM has already been lowered at the launching shaft at Chelmsford club. The initial drive of TBM will start within 15 days.\" Six hundred rings of the segments for the TBM operation have already been prepared at the casting yard located in Mundka. Excavation for roof slab has also begun at Janpath station. \"The MD was emphatic about certification of all the cranes and machine drivers working on DMRC sites,\" the official added. This 3km corridor, which would decongest Rajiv Chowk, will be ready by December 2014 while the entire Phase-III corridors will be completed by 2016.Delhi Metro has awarded two civil contracts for construction of the crucial Faridabad and Mandi House-Jama Masjid corridors to different firms as part of its Phase III project that will add another 103km to its network. The Central Secretariat-Mandi House section is part of the Mandi House-Jama Masjid corridor, whose civil construction has been awarded to Larson &amp; Tubro-SUCG (Shanghai Urban Construction Group) JV for construction of stations and tunnels between Mandi House and Jama Masjid. L&T; has also bagged the construction of the entire viaduct for the Faridabad corridor, which is an extension of the Central Secretariat-Badarpur corridor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956705", "title": "Cyber police station to come up soon", "text": "JAIPUR: To check the increasing number of cyber crimes, the Jaipur police commissionerate is all set to have an exclusive cyber police station at its Khasa Kothi office. The proposed station would be an advance cell equipped with efficient and cyber savvy staff and other logistic support to crack cyber crimes in and around the Pink City.According to statistics of the National Crime Record Bureau (NCRB), Rajasthan is placed at an alarming fourth in the 2011 list of highest number of cyber crimes in the country and Jaipur is the most vulnerable city to such crimes.Police sources said the Centre will provide an aid of Rs 3 crore for setting up of the cyber police station and have sought an extensive report on the number of policemen and functioning of the cyber police station from the commissionerate office.Commissioner of police B L Soni is confident that the cyber police station will start functioning in the financial year 2012-13 as its preparations have already started.\"Many of our police stations had already solved many cyber crimes and have even managed to crack the whip on cyber criminals by arresting them for fooling people through fake internet lotteries. But not every police station has the expertise needed to solve such cases,\" Soni said on Sunday.In order to get the best of people to work in this proposed police station, Soni has asked the various police stations to find out the personnel who are willing to work there.\"We have asked respective police stations under their jurisdiction to identify the policemen who are willing to work in this police station. It includes those who already have a bit of technical knowhow on computers. All these selected policemen would be trained at a later stage and would be made well versed with the IT Act, cyber frauds, phishing , online lottery frauds, email hacking and other malpractices,\" Soni said.Asked about the strength of the proposed police station, he said, \"It would consist of one deputy superintendent of police who would be in-charge of the station with two inspectors, six sub-inspectors and 24 constables.\"Officials said Jaipur police will also use the services of ethical hackers to solve the cyber crime. \"If needed, these people will also be invited to solve the crime cases,\" Soni said.According to sources, all registered FIRs on cyber crime would be sent to the cyber police station and at the same time a complainant from any area of the city would be directly able to approach it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955819", "title": "Accused agrees to marry rape victim, seeks FIR quashing", "text": "NEW DELHI: After spending a year in jail on charges of rape, a man has approached the Delhi high court seeking quashing of the FIR against him on the ground that he and the victim have decided to get married.HC has granted Sanjay partial relief in the form of interim bail till February 14, for getting married to the alleged victim. But Justice Suresh Kait also directed Sanjay to produce the proof of marriage, and only after the court is assured, will it consider his plea to quash the FIR lodged by the woman against him.According to the FIR, both Sanjay and the victim were employed as domestic help in the house of a businessman in Anand Niketan. Sanjay's employer and his family went out of Delhi in February last year. According to the complaint of the victim and the case of the prosecution, Sanjay took advantage of the situation and raped the victim. The woman registered her case with Dhaula Kuan police station and Sanjay was arrested on February 18, 2011.After a year in custody, the couple had an out of court settlement where the accused agreed to marry the victim so that she doesn't face any ostracism in life. Once the couple came to a settlement, the woman indicated she was willing to withdraw her allegations against Sanjay and both approached HC.Sanjay had a change of heart in jail and decided to tie the knot with the victim and end their woes, said Sanjay's lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957445", "title": "SBI to hold Lok Adalat for bad loan recovery", "text": "PATNA: SBI has launched a special drive called 'Bank Adalat Aapke Ghar (BAAG)' in the last couple of months to recover bad loans, called non-performing assets (NPAs) or 'stressed assets' in bank parlance. As part of the recovery campaign, a special Lok Adalat would be organized on the campus of Patna civil court on February 25.The bank has created a separate unit, called Stressed Asset Recovery Branch (SARB), at the bank's district headquarters and also at its head branches in all major towns, including Patna.Assistant general manager (AGM) of SARB for Patna centre, Sunil Sharan Sinha, said there were more than 2,000 loan defaulters in Patna urban area alone, involving an amount of around Rs 44 crore.These loans fall in the category of education loan, car loan, personal loan, housing loan and business loan, among others.A bank official said it would be wrong to say that a particular section or group of people generally ends up as bank defaulters. They fall in such disparate categories as legislators, doctors, traders, retired government officials, judges, police officials, teachers or such other people. \"Whatever the reason, the range of people who have failed to repay the loans regularly is highly diversified,\" he said.Obviously, the old system of monitoring, follow-up action, and filing title suits to recover the bad loans' amount had failed. Given the situation, SBI launched BAAG under the Patna centre of SARB after a \"brainstorming session\" last June, Sinha said.As part of this special drive, a team of SBI officials reaches the home of a defaulting customer.The team discusses the matter with the customer in detail and apprises him/her of ways to settle the account amicably in the presence of all other family members, including husband/wife, children and parents.\"We look forward to settling the bad loan accounts amicably. The campaign is yielding good results, as customers are willing to cooperate,\" Sinha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961202", "title": "Ram to team up with Bommarillu Bhaskar?", "text": "Bommarillu Bhaskar's search for a hero might have come to an end, if the grapevine is to be believed. The latest buzz in the industry is that Bommarillu Bhaskar and Ram might team up for a new film .After the debacle of Ram Charan starrer Orange, Bhaskar tried to narrate a story to Karthi who didn't evince any interest after a point of time. Later, Bhaskar approached Allu Arjun and it seemed like the duo might team up for the second time after Parugu. However, Allu Arjun is currently busy with Trivikram Srinivas' film, Vasu Varma's film and also he has agreed to star in a Surender Reddy's film. Since he doesn't have any dates, Bhaskar had reportedly approached other heroes and finally Ram has agreed to star in the film. The buzz is that BVSN Prasad might produce the film, although no official announcements have been made it.Source: 123 telugu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955771", "title": "Disabled teacher offloaded from flight", "text": "KOLKATA: A teacher who suffers from cerebral palsy was forced to get off a flight at the Kolkata airport on Sunday morning as the airline felt she was not fit to fly. She was asked to get off the aircraft and driven back to the terminal building even as she sought an explanation. She was told that the captain of the flight had refused to fly with her on board.Jeeja Ghosh, head of advocacy and disability studies at the Indian Institute of Cerebral Palsy (IICP), was unable to travel to Goa where she was supposed to attend a seminar. This is, however, not the first time she was flying alone. Jeeja claimed to be a frequent flier.\"I was escorted to the flight by an assistant and I was in my seat. After a while, I realized that a commotion was going on around me. I sensed something wrong.Then, a flight crew asked me for the boarding pass and told me to get down from the flight. I was put in a car and brought back to the terminal building. I was hysterical as the flight officials did not bother to explain why they had stopped me from taking the flight,\" said Jeeja.The officials said that the captain was reluctant to fly with her which is why she was asked to get off, alleged Jeeja. \"Some officials were sympathetic, but they failed to convince the captain. I had demanded that I be allowed to board any other flight or they refund the money. But the officials assured me that they will try to accommodate me on Monday. The airport officials took a written complaint from me and promised to take action. Later, they dropped me home.\"Several social activists resented the action of the flight officials. Sociologist Ruby Sain, who is a close acquaintance of Jeeja, said,she was used to travelling alone and had never faced any difficulty.\"Jeeja has studied abroad and often travelled around the country for academic seminars. No airline has even found her unfit for a flight. It's both strange and shocking. She was humiliated. Airport officials and flight crew should be sensitized on challenged passengers.\" said Sain.Shampa Sengupta, a disability rights activist, said, it was unfair to get her off the aircraft.\"I have known her for many years and she is definitely fit to fly.Other than a slight tremor of the head and a minor speech problem, Jeeja doesn't suffer from any major disability. She should have been allowed to travel. The airline owes an explanation,\" she said.Airport officials said some airlines require challenged passengers to carry a 'fit to fly certificate'. \"Since she was not carrying one, the airline chose not to have her on the flight,\" an official said. Jeeja, on the other hand, claimed,that she had been flying without the certificate.\"I have never been stopped form boarding a flight without this certificate.\"IICP executive director Reena Sen termed the incident unfortunate. \"This is not the first time that a challenged passenger has been harassed.Our institution will take up the issue with the government and human rights organizations,\" said Sen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957311", "title": "Pilot\u2019s wife hangs self, kin cry foul", "text": "NEW DELHI: The wife of a pilot has allegedly committed suicide after a 'tiff' with her husband. The woman, identified as Chhavi Rastogi, 23, lived with her husband and in-laws near Ashok Vihar in northwest Delhi. Chhavi's family has alleged the couple had an argument on Valentine's Day, which snowballed into a fight.They alleged that the following night, her husband Srawan Rastogi, 25, asked her to leave the house, which led her to take the extreme step. A case of dowry harassment has been filed against Srawan by Chhavi's father, Om Prakash Gupta. \"The girl's father has alleged that she was harassed by her husband. The complaint, however, does not mention Srawan's family members as co-accused,\" said Romil Baaniya, additional DCP (northwest).On Sunday, about 30 members of Chhavi's family assembled outside Srawan's residence holding placards and demanded justice for Chhavi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11957035", "title": "Bizman conned of Rs 3cr in overseas scrap deal", "text": "MUMBAI: The city police arrested a scrap dealer, Roshan Sunny Rappai, at the Chennai airport last week when he was about to flee the country. Rappai has allegedly duped a businessman from Chembur whom he promised to sell metal scrap worth Rs 3.35 crore in Papua New Guinea.The scrap shown to the victim, Sachin Petkar, did not belong to Rappai, police said.Following Petkar's complaint in January, officers Pravin Bhagat, Mahesh Athawale and Suman Chavan took up the case. \"I have been importing steel and other material from west Africa and exporting them to Southeast Asian countries,\" Petkar, who is a partner in M/s Alfiya Enterprises, said. \"In July 2010, Rappai, through a middle man, offered to sell over 5 lakh tonne scrap, which he said, was kept in his yard at Papua New Guinea. He claimed to own Universal Steel Corporation in Singapore.\"Petkar said initially, they were shown some photographs of the product. \"In the first consignment, we decided to buy 40,000 tonne steel and an agreement was made. I paid Rs 2 lakh in advance and spent another Rs 80,000 as shipping charges. But when the scrap was not delivered till April 2011, I called up Rappai, but he did not entertain the calls. Fed up, I set off for Papua New Guinea. On reaching there, I was told that the scrap did not belong to Rappai,\" said Petkar. He then went to Singapore and confronted Rappai and his associate, Asha Natrajan. The duo reportedly agreed to make good the losses in 90 days. Petkar claimed the two also promised to send him 60 containers of scrap and as a security, Rappai gave him a cheque of Rs 3.5 crore, which subsequently bounced.During the probe, the police found that Rappai was born and brought up in Chennai. After school, he became a commission agent in scrap business and stayed at Natrajan's house in Singapore. Petkar said Natrajan took care of the entire business.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955903", "title": "Cops on toes after murder takes on political hue", "text": "NAGPUR: Imambada police were put on alert on Sunday after a BJP worker was done to death on Saturday night by a gang of rivals at Vakilpeth. Keshav Thakre, who worked for the winning BJP candidate from Reshimbagh ward in the recently concluded civic elections, had earned the wrath of rivals who were forced to bow out of the contest.Three people, including Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) candidate of last civic elections Sanjay Barai, have been arrested so far for involvement in Thakre's murder. Barai's uncle Manohar and another aide Kishor Dahikar have also been arrested.Police arrested the three from a place near Yeshwant Stadium. More members of the Barai family, which stays near the Thakres, and another Thakre neighbour, Vinod Zade, are yet to be arrested.Thakre, who had criminal record for murder, was sleeping when Barai, his family members and other supporters barged into his house. They dragged him out and stoned and bludgeoned him to death in front of his family members.Though Barais had approached Thakre to campaign for them, he campaigned for BJP candidate Ravindra Bhoyar, who ultimately won the election. So, the Barais felt that their loss was engineered by Thakre.A mob of hundreds thronged the Thakre residence immediately after the incident. Imambada police had to deploy bandobast near the spot to ensure the law and order situation does not aggravate. People immediately started clamouring for the arrest of the assailants whom the Thakres had seen.The Thakres and their well-wishers have expressed disappointment with the indifference shown by the winning BJP candidate, who did not visit the tragedy-hit family for a long time. Sources from Imambada police station said some senior BJP and MNS leaders were also quizzed regarding the murder.Following the post mortem, police were forced to increase the bandobast at Vakilpeth, where a mob tried to attack the residence of Zade, one of the assailants. Alert police did well to shift the Zades elsewhere. Strong police bandobast was also seen along the roads taken by Thakre's funeral procession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "11957735", "title": "Myanmarese seek entry into India for medical treatment", "text": "IMPHAL: Myanmarese officials have requested their Indian counterparts to permit their country's citizens to get medical treatment in India. Though the citizens of Myanmar are not permitted to enter Imphal without valid documents, some of them living in Tamu and Namphalong occasionally visit hospitals in the border town of Moreh in Manipur's Chandel district during their permissible time to enter India.During the fourth Indo-Myanmar border liaison officers' meeting convened on Thursday at Moreh Trade Centre, the Myanmarese delegation urged its Indian counterpart to permit Myanmarese citizens to get themselves treated in India as the advanced medical facilities available here are unavailable on their side, a source said.Led by Chandel deputy commissioner Th Chittaranjan, the Indian delegation suggested that the Myanmarese citizens who are given permission to enter India on health grounds should possess an authorization certificate from the Tamu authorities. They urged the Myanmarese officials to issue identity cards printed in English to their citizens for entry into the Indian Territory.Other members of the Indian delegation were SP (narcotics affairs and border) Amirlal Sharma, SP custom preventive force of Moreh RK Darendrajit, ADC of Moreh Lunminthang Haokip, district SP E Priyokumar and ASP of Moreh Y Ashokumar.The Myanmarese delegation comprising Tamu DC U Kyan Zaw, Lt Col Thet Mon, assistant director of the forest department, U Kyan Thein and Tamu SP Customs, U Kyi Oo, also urged the Indian officials to construct a fence at Border Pillar 78 and 79 after the two countries reach an understanding. The delegation informed that timber was being smuggled from Tamu to saw mills in the bordering areas of Manipur at night, the source added. The next round of the border liaison meeting will be held in May at Tamu in Myanmar.Once the Myanmarese citizens are allowed to visit Manipur for treatment, the state's health tourism will improve and the business of sophisticated hospitals in Imphal will also grow.The Myanmarese officials also expressed gratitude to the Indian staff who imparted English language classes to the Myanmarese in November and December last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956838", "title": "IIM-U steals a march in placements", "text": "JAIPUR: Living up to the expectations, IIM-Udaipur has successfully placed all students in summer industrial training much ahead of newly introduced IIMs. The icing on the cake was its five students placed internationally, reflecting the rapport the institute has built with corporates in six months of operation.All five students have engineering degree in common and were picked by company UAE Exchange (which deals in financial services, remittance and foreign exchange) on key positions at entry level. They will get a stipend of Rs 1 lakh along with round trip fare and living expenses. The company had assessed their capabilities and placed them at their offices in four cities---London, Kuala Lumpur , Dubai and Doha.IIM-U is very upbeat about the success it achieved for internships with 25 companies. This included 9 Fortune 500 companies. Altogether, 57 students were offered internships, a remarkable achievement for any few institute in its maiden year.Swati Arora, who is heading for London for 6 weeks, is upbeat about her assignment. She is looking forward to gain experience of working in UK. \"I will try and extrapolate my previous industry experience in my international assignment,\" added Arora.Considering Sunny Nagpal's interpersonal skills, he was chosen for Dubai which has sizeable number of Indian diaspora. Here he'll be learning the basics of business in a very volatile business market. \"This will be a turning point in my career. I am taking this as a challenge and will prove my recruiters right in choosing me for this position,\" said an elated Nagpal.Another student who would be working in Gulf is Abhinandan Ghosh who will go to Doha. \"I am going to Doha....to experience a new culture, a new land, a new country,\" said elated Ghosh. Two students -Vikramaditya Guha and Kunal Kochar--was asked to report at Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955834", "title": "'Speaker turned Dhavalikar brothers to bonded labour'", "text": "PANAJI: The two MGP legislators had long revolted against the Congress government but the speaker kept the sword of disqualification hanging over them for five years and virtually converted them to bonded labour, opposition leader Manohar Parrikar said on Sunday.Parrikar made the statement while releasing the BJP election manifesto in response to a question on what guarantee was there that the BJP's pre-poll alliance partner, the MGP, would stay with them after the results.Parrikar said he and his senior BJP colleagues including state president Laximikant Parsenkar had held extensive talks with the MGP and that they (BJP) \"were comfortable\" with the Dhavalikar brothers. Parrikar reminded that the they were in his BJP government earlier.Parrikar said that soon after joining the Congress government, the Dhavalikar brothers revolted against it because the then-finance minister demanded kickbacks from them. \"When the bond broke due to elections, they came to us,\" Parrikar said. Asked why the BJP could not find a single female candidate to contest in the assembly elections, Parrikar said, \"I can only say sorry! But we could not find the right woman.\"Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11955094", "title": "In Thane, Sena-BJP\u2019s vote share rises at expense of Cong-NCP", "text": "Thaneites' support for the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP coalition has grown at the cost of their approval of the Congress and NCP. A comparative analysis of the figures from 2007 and 2012 Thane Municipal Corporation elections shows that whereas the saffron alliance garnered 30.62% of the votes polled five years ago, its share of votes in last week's election was 34.5%.The saffron partners secured over 2.17 lakh votes last Thursday, taking the collective score of the Sena-BJP-RPI's grand alliance in Thane to over 2.21 lakh votes or about 35% of the total 6.31 lakh votes polled. This increase in the troika's vote share adversely impacted the Congress-NCP combine which could secure just 2.06 lakh-or 32.67% of the total-votes in the election. Five years ago, though they contested separately, the two parties' combined vote share was a dazzling 42.56% (2.19 lakh of the total 5.15 lakh votes).The Sena-BJP-RPI coalition now looks likely to take over the reins of the Rs 1,700-crore urban local body with its 62 corporators. The Congress-NCP combine won just 52 seats, 14 short of a simple majority.\"The Congress received a serious drubbing in the poll. In the 2007 civic election its share of votes was close to 20% while the NCP bagged 22% of the five lakh-plus votes. However, voters this time rejected the DF partners which, despite an alliance, fought pitched battles in as many as 25 wards here. Poll records show that the Congress could win about 14% votes while its ally secured 19% vote share,\" a poll observer told TOI.Raj Thackeray's MNS secured just seven seats of the 115 it contested here last week, but its vote share swelled to 15% as against the 6% it secured in 2007.Meanwhile, the NCP is believed to be making attempts here to cobble up the requisite numbers in the 130-seat House. They are said to be holding talks with the two BSP corporators and some Independents and may approach the MNS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "11956131", "title": "Madhya Pradesh to bring panchayats under e-governance", "text": "BHOPAL: Seeking to lay the foundation and provide the impetus for long-term growth of e-governance in Madhya Pradesh, the process of computerizing about 23,000 village Panchayats has begun with the objective to bring public utility services through three-tier panchayats under National e-Governance Programme.Services like government machinery to citizens, between government departments and government machinery to business representative will be delivered under the e-panchayat programme by connecting the three-tier panchayats.Every panchayat building will have a room for e-Panchayat activities. A provision of about Rs. 745 crore has been earmarked for e-Panchayat system, according to a press release.A target has been fixed to implement the e-panchayat programme in the state by the year 2015. MP State Tech e-Panchayat Society has been constituted for smooth implementation of the programme in all the 50 districts of the state.A pilot project would be undertaken in Shivpuri and Sidhi districts. Initially, those 2,636 gram panchayats of the state will be computerized using broadband connection while for others both WIMAX and broadband connections would be used.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11959752", "title": "Bengali cinema doing well, believes Manoj Bajpayee", "text": "In town, Manoj Bajpayee tells TOI that Kolkata is exuding positive vibes after a change in the seat of power...What brings you to Kolkata this time around?I'm here to be part of the closing ceremony of Bratya Basu's theatre festival. But then, I always find an excuse to be in this city. I love being part of the crowd, feel the city and watch out for its people. Even if I'm coming after a hiatus, it's deja vu for me.Anurag Basu's \"Barfee\" is currently being shot in Darjeeling. Mahesh Bhatt too has expressed the desire to shoot in the city. Visiting a film city in Kolkata is also part of your itinerary. Is the perception that Kolkata is all about red tapism and excessive bureaucratic regulation, slowly changing?I don't think there's one creative person in this country who wouldn't want to get involved with this city. And filmmakers, who are visiting Kolkata, too want to translate their own feelings for the city on screen. Kolkata has its own characteristics and it came through in the rushes of Sujjoy Ghosh's \" Kahaani\". It's mindblowing! There's such drama, colour, character... Yes, bureaucratic hurdles could've posed some problems earlier, but now things are changing. And it's evident in the number of filmmakers showing interest in the city.Has it got to do with the change in the seat of power in Bengal?Yes, there are less strikes happening and the city too is exuding positive vibes. The process of breaking barriers has already begun.What has ailed Bengal so far?Infrastructure. But the state is crying for restructuring now and the way I see it, that will happen very soon. My good friend, Pritimoyda (Chakraborty), has invited me to his film city. I hope a lot more film cities come up. The television industry is booming and Bengali films too are doing so well. There should be infrastructure to accommodate all the demands. Kolkata, I feel, is the most unique city in this country and I hope to see it doing well in the coming years.So, you know Bengali films are doing well. Any you've watched in recent times?We stay in Mumbai and are completely cut off from regional cinema. Rituparno Ghosh had once threatened me into being part of his project (laughs out loud). But that didn't materialize. Recently, a gentleman gave me an offer to star in a Bengali film. I almost said yes to it, but he never got back to me after that. If there's a good script, I am game for it. In Bengal, meaningful and commercial cinema have learnt to co-exist. Prosenjit, I know, is a huge star here.What's keeping you busy now?\" Chittagong\" is slated for release. Then there's \" Gangs of Wasseypur\". I'm also shooting for a film with Akshay Kumar . Prakash Jha's next too is lined up. Apart from that, I've signed my first Tamil film and will be flying off to Bangkok soon.You chose Tamil over Bengali cinema... Do you think Kolkata still can't afford you?Before we could work out the finances, the gentleman simply disappeared...Coming to Prakash Jha, you must be his favourite...Ajay Devgn is his favourite, not me (laughs). But yes, he loves me a lot. We share great camaraderie and connect very well. I would love to take Ajay's place, but I don't see that happening (cracks up yet again).Why is \"Chittagong\" still stuck in the cans?We weren't getting a distributor. But Anurag Kashyap has loved the film. Now, he and and his partner will be distributing it.But this delay must be a blessing is disguise since comparisons with \" Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey\" would be fewer...I think one subject can be dealt with in 100 different ways. And I don't think the success or failure of one film impacts the other. I haven't seen \"Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey\", but I know for a fact that the treatment of our film is different. Bedabrata's (Pain) version is certainly worth watching.Bollywood is also churning out a lot of new-age cinema. Don't you want to be part of it?Films hold a mirror to the changing society. Also, the new filmmakers know what to convey at a time when computer has become a necessity. Cinema is not national anymore, it's become global. As far as I'm concerned, I've always been part of changing cinema. From where else did I get tags such as actor-actor, serious actor, intense actor?Cinema as you said is becoming global. So, what about being part of an international venture?English film offers too have come my way. But those weren't worth considering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "11955437", "title": "Mahashivratri: City celebrates Lord Shiva's favourite day", "text": "MUMBAI: Goddess Sati's father Daksh could not help wonder what made his daughter choose the unlikely bridegroom that was Shiva-ash from the cremation ground smeared over his body, snake for a garland, shaking heaven and earth by his furious 'tandav'. She knew, however, that the destroyer of the universe was also the gentle, simple Ashutosh, easily pleased, who alone had the courage to swallow and hold the poison that arose from the churning of the ocean in his throat.Devout Hindus know that as well. On Monday, devotees will visit temples to celebrate Mahashivratri, the wedding of Goddess Parvati, Sati's avatar, to her eternal consort. This year is special because after 11 years, the festival falls on Monday, Lord Shiva's favourite day of the week. Devotees worship the 'shivling' with offerings of milk, honey, curd, water, 'belpatra', lotus, 'dhatura', flowers, fruit and coconut.Legend has it that this was the day that Lord Shiva performed the 'tandav', the dance of destruction. It was also the night he manifested in the form of the 'shivling'.From early Sunday, Babulnath, Walkeshwar and Ambarnath temples as well as the cave temples of Kanheri and Jogeshwari welcomed worshippers. \"Our temple opens for darshan at 2.30 am on Sunday and we will conduct 'rudrabhishek' and puja around the clock until Monday midnight,\" said Pramod Chaturvedi of Babulnath temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kozhikode/kochi", "code": "11956462", "title": "Aleena is Sunitha, claim parents", "text": "KOZHIKODE/KOCHI: A week after TOI first told Kerala about the mystery plaguing Aleena Hussain, a couple from Varkala claimed on Sunday that she was their daughter Sunitha, reported missing since February 3. Subair Vayalil Puthenveedu and Salma, along with their son Syed Ali arrived at the Kozhikode railway police station from Varkala on Sunday. Police took them to the government mental health centre, Kuthiravattom, where Aleena is being treated after she was brought from Mumbai.The couple identified her as Sunitha. They told police that she had gone missing from the Mission Hospital, Varkala, on February 3. They had filed a missing person complaint with the police on February 3 apart from a habeas corpus writ filed before the High Court on February 7. The petition will be taken up by the court for hearing on February 22. Though the couple produced Sunitha's SSLC certificate with the photograph to prove her identity, the girl failed to recognize her parents. The certificate states her age as 28. A BSc student at V R College, Varkala, Sunitha was admitted to the hospital after she suffered a bout of fever last month.After being discharged from the hospital, she refused to take food and started showing signs of mental instability. She was again taken to the hospital, from where she disappeared.Meanwhile, the police have declined to hand over the girl to her parents as the matter is under the consideration of the court.\"The court has summoned Varkala circle inspector to the court on February 22. If the police produce the girl on that day, the court may send her with the parents after validating the identity,\" said Biju Balakrishnan, the counsel for the couple.And till then, Subair and Salma will continue their agonising wait embracing hope and prayer that Aleena alias Sunitha will recognise them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955713", "title": "NMC will elect 50th mayor this week", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) will be electing its 50th mayor in a few days.The city's civic body was established on September 24, 1864, as Nagpur Municipal Council. Later, the civic body was upgraded as a municipal corporation on March 2, 1951. Barrister Sheshrao Wankhede was elected mayor in July 1952, and the tenure used to be for one year. The same continued till 1997, when for the first time two years tenure period was introduced.South West Nagpur MLA Devendra Fadnavis was the first mayor to hold the post for two years. Later, the period was revised to two-and-a-half years. Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre was the first mayor to hold the post for two-and-a-half years. In fact, Thakre was on the post for the longest duration. He assumed charge on March 5, 2002, and continued till February 19, 2005. He continued beyond his tenure due to the code of conduct for Lok Sabha and Assembly elections.In these 60 years, NMC had seen 49 mayors. The post has been held by 41 persons, of which 14 have passed away. PK Deshraj was the only person to hold the post for five terms. He was mayor for two terms from July 29, 1957 to January 9, 1958, and then for three terms from February 5, 1960 to July 1962. Wankhede was mayor for three consecutive terms and Atal Bahadur Singh and Fadnavis were in the seat for two terms. All the remaining mayors were for one term.The shortest term of a mayor was BJP's Devrao Umredkar from March 5, 2007 to June 16, 2007. He had to leave the post after he was disqualified because of caste validity.Kunda Vijaykar of Congress was the first woman mayor. She assumed charge on February 5, 1996 and stepped down on February 9, 1997. Later, five women went on to become mayors - Kalpana Pande, Wasundhara Masurkar, Pushpa Ghode, Maya Iwnate and Archana Dehankar.Like the last mayor Archana Dehankar, many former mayors have been defeated in the election after their term.In 2012 NMC election, three former mayors, Thakre, Iwnate and Rajesh Tambe, were in the fray. Tambe lost while Thakre and Iwnate managed to continue their winning spree.With BJP-Shiv Sena set to retain power, it is expected that BJP city president and senior corporator Anil Sole would be the 50th mayor of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11959448", "title": "Samsung ahead of Nokia on Facebook, Twitter: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samsung mobile and Ford have emerged to be more popular than illustrious rivals like Nokia and Maruti Suzuki , respectively, on social media platforms in India, according to findings of NM Incite, a Nielsen-McKinsey company.As per a study by NM Incite, Samsung mobile is on top of consumers' mind on various social media, including Facebook, Twitter and other on line sites, ahead of other brands as they discussed about the Android platform.Interestingly, the Apple Inc's iPhone came at 61st position in the study, which stated: \"As per parameters, one key criteria was fans and followers on official social media pages, and it was observed that the iPhone did not have an official page to accurately measure this number.\"Ford India is ranked second in the overall list ahead of five other brands--Maruti Suzuki (3rd), Mahindra &amp; Mahindra (6th), Volkswagen India (8th), Hyundai Motor India (11th) and BMW India (19th)--that figured in the top 20 position.\"Automotive's prominent showing is driven by large number of followers on social media platforms, lots of product reviews and consumers sharing photographs and tips related to their experiences,\" the survey said.Ford India enjoys very high positive sentiment than other auto brands. Ford enjoys lot of positive response from consumers on social media, especially with reference to the company's after sale services.The telecom sector overall also registered a strong presence in the list of top 20 brands creating positive buzz with popular names like LG Electronics (7th), Sony Ericsson (10th), Nokia (13th) and HTC (17th), the study said.Telecom service provider Airtel was at 14th position, followed by Vodafone (15th) and Tata Docomo (16th).Despite that the brand made it to the top 100 list, purely on the basis of conversation in other forums and blogs etc, it added.The first ever Social Media Brand Equity Ranking (SMBER) index by NM Incite ranked Nike and Flipkart on number fourth and fifth respectively.Sportswear maker Nike ranked fourth on the index on the basis of positive sentiment and cross-platform buzz for its 'Bleed Blue' campaign for the ICC World Cup (2011).E-commerce platform Flipkart, ranked at number 5, has a high buzz volume on on line social forums, Facebook and Twitter, giving it a distinctive edge over similar sites in India.Channel V made it to the 9th position on the SMBER, and is the only brand from the media entertainment industry.In the FMCG segment, only Nestle's Maggi scored 12th position.The SMBER analysis covers the social media buzz from the period of 1st January to 31st December 2011 for 400 brands in India.\"The SMBER index answers some critical questions for a brand, based on engagement with company owned social media platforms, as well as the consumer's conversation on the brand across the platforms,\" Nielsen Media (India) Managing Director Farshad Family said.The survey incorporates all the metrics that define a brand's social media presence.Interestingly brands in sectors like banking and financial services, insurance, airlines, and quick-serve restaurants did not make it into the top 20 ranking due to high levels of did not make it into the top 20 ranking due to high levels of dissatisfaction with customer service voiced on social media forums.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11955982", "title": "8 police squad dogs found \u2018unfit\u2019 at all-India meet", "text": "NASHIK: The 55th All-India Police Duty Meet (AIPDM) got off to an enthusiastic start on Sunday with over 900 competitors from 28 teams from across the country converging at the Maharashtra Police Academy on Trimbak Road for the eight-day event.While the formal opening ceremony of the meet is only on February 22, the first round of competitions kicked off on Sunday. The contests included 'Scientific Aid to Investigation', 'Police Dog Squad Competition', 'Computer Awareness Competition', 'Anti-Sabotage Competition', 'Police Videography Competition' and 'Police Photography Competition'.The first round of 'Scientific Aid to Investigation' and 'All Dogs Medical' were held on Sunday, with 98 dogs participating in the latter event.However, according to reports, eight of them were declared unfit for the competition for various reasons.Among the other competitions, the dogs participated in hurdles and finding hidden articles.Officials at the Maharashtra Police Academy said the formal inauguration will be by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. Senior police officials, including state director-general of police K Subramanyam, will attend the inaugural function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956105", "title": "Woman found murdered", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman was killed in a gruesome fashion at her house in Chandkheda on Sunday morning. While the woman's stepson claims it to be a handiwork of robbers, police suspect her husband and have detained him.Chandkheda police said that the local residents at Mansarovar Society on IOC Road called up city police control room at 9 am on Sunday. Police were told that some robbers had entered a house and assaulted a woman. When police reached the spot, they found Shashikala Yadav, 32, dead in the drawing room.\"Her hands were tied behind her back, while her legs were tied together. Her mouth was gaged with medical tape. We did not find any major injury, but the signs of struggle were all over the body. We believe that she was killed either by strangulation with bare hands or gagged by a pillow,\" said K C Rathod, in-charge inspector of Chandkheda police.Investigators said that Shashikala was married to Shyamveer, 45, a native of Uttar Pradesh, for five years. They have two kids - Khushi, 4, and Yuvraj of six months. It was second marriage for Shyamveer after he divorced Sunita. He has custody of both the sons - Dhanesh, 12, and Yogesh, 10 from the previous marriage. Shyamveer is a construction material supplier.\"While Dhanesh has been sent to a hostel for his education outside the city, Yogesh was living with the couple. Khushi, the couple's daughter, had been to Shashikala's parents' residence for a marriage and thus was out when the incident took place.The assailants had also stuck a medical tape on Yuvraj's mouth so that he didn't cry,\" said investigators.Police believe that all was not well between the couple. \"They were fought over issues ranging from stepchildren to Shyamveer's illegal businesses. The nearby residents are witness to such fights. Recently, Shyamveer was scolded by Shashikala's parents after she went to their house in Sabarmati as sign of protest. Thus, we believe that Shyamveer might be involved in the incident,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11958036", "title": "Green corridors best bet for city's complex traffic", "text": "BANGALORE: One morning last week, traffic was clogged at the water tank junction near St John's Hospital in Koramangala . A private security guard was managing one of the city's busiest junctions, and to make matters worse, was operating the traffic lights manually, as he thought fit. TOI found out that the policeman from Adugodi traffic police station, in charge of the signal, was away for lunch.Traffic management for a city like Bangalore is a game of complex calculations , starting with how many vehicles a road can take at a given point of time to how many vehicles should be allowed at a junction, and other factors . Signals are timed, based on these calculations. But the timing goes awry when the traffic policeman on the road decides to take it into his hands.Reality CheckFollowing this incident, TOI carried out a reality check on Bangalore roads, and found that throughout the day, at many important signals, traffic cops were changing the signal manually, often resulting in traffic pile-ups at junctions and on connecting roads. The traffic policeman often concentrates on one side of the road and ignores the traffic pile-up on the other.A classic example is the Old Madras Road signal near Byappanahalli Metro station, where two main roads merge - BEML main road and the road coming from Byappanahalli. In the morning , the traffic policeman operates the signal based on what he sees coming from KR Puram, and fails to regulate traffic on other roads, which sometimes clogs up a 1km stretch.Commuters say this is unfair. \"Every morning, on my way to work, I see the traffic policeman changing the signal. He allows traffic on the main road, but won't allow us to go towards Byappanahalli side, blocking the junction on 80-Ft Road,\" said Prakash Rao.Traffic management experts say this practice could lead to bigger problems in the overall traffic management of the city. A policeman can manage traffic signals only up to a limited volume. In case of Bangalore, most of 40,000 old signals are beyond a single policeman.In automatically managed signals, vehicles move systematically, keeping all roads clear. Allowing traffic to remain on a particular road for even a few seconds more could lead to a pileup , or worse, a gridlock.\"Signals could be programmed, where on a particular traffic corridor, all the signals are synchronized, and turn green at the same time, so traffic keeps moving. This is possible with a calculated and automated signal,\" said M N Sreehari, traffic expert.According to him, manual management can be allowed during VIP movement. Elaborate plans are needed to adjust traffic signals to changes in traffic patterns.Infrastructure Work The CauseAccording to additional commissioner of police MA Saleem, swift measures are required due to the recent infrastructure development in the city. \"The current traffic management system needs a change. There are traffic diversions as infrastructure work is on. We are looking at different areas in the city and working out rearrangements. This process will get over soon and traffic management will be smooth. We've also given strict orders to traffic policemen not to shift to manual signals unless it's an unavoidable situation,\" he said.Some SolutionsVehicle activated signals is one of the best solutions. These signals are operated based on the volume of vehicles on the road. For instance, if one particular road is empty for a long time, leaving the signal green and blocking traffic on the other road will be a waste of time. So, if we fix sensors on the road, they could detect the presence of vehicles at that particular signal. If there are none, they will open up the other jam packed signal for traffic. Because the signal is operated by the movement of vehicles, the system is called 'vehicle activated signals' .MN Sreehari | Traffic ExpertWe are working on signals again, with changes in traffic movement in the city. The signals have to be rearranged. Depending on how much more or less traffic one particular road is taking following infrastructure development, we will be looking into it. In case policemen are handling signals manually, they will have to inform the control room using their wireless set, so adjacent signals could be monitored.MA Saleem | Additional Commissioner Of Police (Traffic)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957995", "title": "Enthusiastic women voters flock city's polling booths", "text": "LUCKNOW: Women left a fairly strong impression on the polling on Sunday -- both as voters and candidates. With 91 women contestants, the phase witnessed the highest count of women candidates in the state so far. Six women candidates contested from Lucknow Cantonment and Mohanlalganj each.Long queues of women from all walks of life could be seen since early morning in most of the city areas, it was more noticeable in Lucknow Cantonment and Mohanlalganj. Was it because of the fact that there were six women candidates in the fray in the two constituencies that prompted the women folks to come out in large numbers or something else?Shakuntala Verma, a teacher at a private school in Telibagh (in Lucknow Cantt) does not buy the theory. She insists that women have always outdone the men in Lucknow. \"When I reached my polling centre at the local primary school, I saw the women's queue was longer than that of the men. When I was on my way back, the difference had only increased,\" she said.Though some of the voters that TOI spoke to, agreed that women candidates (particularly those with bright prospects) do act as a motivating factor for women to come out and cast their vote, others attributed the increase in turnout to the overall enthusiasm among the electorate in this election. \"If there are long queues of women electorate, then I can prove that the queues for men voters too are longer than I have come across in the recent past,\" says Vinita, a resident of Patrakaar Puram in Gomtinagar.In 2007, two female candidates were in fray from Lucknow Cantt, while in 2002, it was one. In Mohanlalganj, the corresponding figures stood at two and three respectively. At 3.00 p.m., polling centre near Traffic police lines revealed that of the total of 498 votes polled, 267 votes were polled by women, while 231 were those from males. Mohanlalganj has a total of 2.13 lakh voters out of which 1.48 lakh are females, Cantt AC has 1.46 women voters from a total strength of 3.19 lakh electorate.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958156", "title": "Main accused insarpanch kidnapcase arrested", "text": "PUNE: The Warje-Malwadi police on Saturday night made a major breakthrough with the arrest of Sharad Mohol (27), a criminal on police record, and his aide Alok Bhalerao (22), both key accused in the kidnapping of Shankar Dhindale, sarpanch of Dasve village in Mulshi, for a ransom of Rs 47 lakh in October 2011.The police had slapped stringent sections of the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) against Mohol and Bhalerao, following the incident. Both had been untraceable since then. Senior inspector Sunil Darekar told TOI that Mohol was arrested from a flat in Katraj, while Bhalerao was arrested at Chandani Chowk. \"We produced them before the special court on Sunday. The court has remanded them to police custody till February 27,\" Darekar said.On October 30, 2011, Dhindale and his driver Ranganath Chougule had gone to Karvenagar for some work. Later, on their way home, four men on motorcycles accosted them. One of them had allegedly threatened Dhindale with a revolver and had said that Sharad Mohol wanted to meet him at Warje. When Dhindale refused to go, the men threatened to kill him and forced him to sit on one of the motorcycles.According to a police complaint filed by Dhindale, he and Chougule were taken to a school in Mutha village in Mulshi and beaten up. The abductors allegedly told Dhindale that they knew that he had earned a lot of money in land deals and demanded Rs 50 lakh from him, saying they needed the cash to bail out several of their accomplices who were in prison. When Dhindale refused to give the money, he was again beaten up. Later, Dhindale agreed to pay them Rs 4 or 5 lakh. The abductors took the keys of Dhindale's flat. Two men went to the flat with Chougule and took Rs 47 lakh from the house. Chougule was then dropped of at Warje while Dhindale was taken to Chandani Chowk and then released.The Warje police have arrested six persons in connection with the abduction. The police also have recovered cash of Rs 1.5 lakh from the suspects. However, Mohol, the key suspect, was untraceable.On Saturday the police received a tip-off that Bhalerao would visit Chandani Chowk, said Vitthal Harihar, assistant commissioner of police (Deccan division). \"We laid a trap at Chandani Chowk and nabbed him.\" During interrogation, Bhalerao revealed that Mohol was hiding in a flat in Katraj. \"We raided the flat and nabbed Mohol also.\"Darekar said the police are yet to recover anything from the duo. \"We have got their police custody from the special court and have started investigations,\" he added. The investigation team comprised inspector Pandurang Solankar, assistant inspector Dilip Salunkhe, and constables Mauli Kamble, Rajendra Gosavi, Dnyandev Shelar and Rajendra Ingle.Cases of murder, dacoity, extortionSharad Mohol has eight cases registered against him. The cases include murder of Kishore Marne in January 2010, dacoity and extortion. Within 14 days after extorting Rs 47 lakh from Shankar Dhindale, two persons, who identified themselves as Mohol's accomplices, had attempted to extort Rs 25 lakh from a pathologist in Kothrud.Senior inspector Sunil Darekar said Mohol used to extort money from the industrialists in Pirangut.On January 5, the crime branch had arrested two of Mohol's gang, Anil Khole (25) of Vadgaon Budruk and Ajay Tukaram Kadu alias Appa (26) of Kelewadi, Kothrud, from Valki in Daund taluka and had seized 10 firearms and 83 live cartridges from them. Kadu was also involved in Dhindale's kidnapping. Investigations have revealed that Mohol procured those firearms as he and his accomplices were preparing an attack on the members of another gang on the premises of the district court.Alok Bhalerao has two cases of murder and extortion registered against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957955", "title": "Ramjas admission panel aided kingpin", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a startling disclosure, the mastermind in the Ramjas admission scam Naresh Tau has alleged that college's principal Rajendra Prasad was also part of the racket. While cops have \"no evidence\" against Prasad yet, several admission committee members have also been listed as suspects in a few chargesheets. Police have accused the suspects in the admission committee of actions that benefitted the scamsters. Admissions in the college in 2010-11 were handled by \"dealing assistants\", as the teaching staff was on a strike.The admission committee members listed as 'suspects' in a few chargesheets include P K Malhotra (convener) and professor S S Dahiya, apart from dealing assistants Uday Raj Singh, Nandan Singh, Shambhu Dutt Sharma and Pratap Chauhan. Section officers Dilbagh Singh and Sukhbir Singh have also been named. \"As per guidelines from the principal, the college admission committee staff had been directed to scrutinize the documents and their contents properly and minutely but they did not discharge their legal and obligatory duty,\" says a chargesheet.Delhi Police has come across several irregularities ignored by the admission committee, including some badly made fake marksheets. One such marksheet, a chargesheet says, \"contains a spelling mistake of ninety (spelt as 'ninty'). This was overlooked by the staff deputed for admission and they put their signatures on the admission form.\" \"It seems that staff of the admission committee has benefitted the accused knowingly,\" says a chargesheet. Several former and current Ramjas students were among 18 people arrested in the scam.They include Naresh Tau, Sanjeet Dahiya, Anurag Sharma alias Pandit, Love Kumar, Suresh Chand and Raje Singh. Police said the scamsters charged between Rs 1.5 lakh and Rs 6 lakh from students to get them admitted into the college by forging their marksheets. Delhi Police had registered 36 FIRs in the scam and investigations are still going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962522", "title": "Against all odds", "text": "An economically weak background with few opportunities did not daunt Vandana (17), the daughter of a parking attendant at Nehru Place who dreams to become a teacher and is working towards fulfilling her dream.She has already taken the first step by joining English classes at ILSC-Education Group in Malviya Nagar. \"The first day I came to ILSC, I was nervous being around foreigners. Everyone here was speaking in English,\" says Vandana.Six months later, she can speak fairly well English and is developing into a confident young woman.The ILSC 'Learn to Earn' programme for girls fosters English communication skills and developing self-confidence, it aims to provide inclusion in the society and give girls a job placement with local businesses for free.Integrating skills\"For us, this is more than just teaching English and equipping them with language skills. We want the girls to have a holistic development and make them aware of the world. We take in girls who are between 16 -25 years old with a minimum educational level of class VIII,\" says Jason Flaming, director, ILSC, New Delhi. The school supplies the stationary and textbooks for free.The Learn to Earn programme is sponsored by donations from the ILSC schools in San Francisco, Vancouver, Toronto and Montreal , as well as private donations from individuals and corporations in Canada .On their way of teaching English, Flaming informs that they do not follow the teacher-centric, chalk and talk system, but involve students in a creative and student-centered way.Flexible teaching\"Our teachers are trained to find ways to help students discover language in a deeply personal and contextual way - this means not just using the classical textbook approach, but rather learning through the use of puzzles, pictures, role-plays, and music. We are also looking to empower our students and help them develop confidence so that they can explore an ever-increasing world of possibilities. We lay emphasis on speaking and listening but students also learn basic things like grammar, reading, writing, and pronunciation. We also conduct a progress check every four weeks, which helps us provide feedback on the student's progress\" he says.InternshipBesides learning English, students are also given a 15 hour employment skills training that includes personality development, interview and business workplace preparation including writing e-mails and using social networking sites; as well as 20 hours of financial and life skills training.\"We train the girls on how to open a bank account, use of credit and debit cards, learn about interest rates and the importance of saving and assistance in getting government identification cards. The students are given Rs 500 every month to cover their daily expenses, such as transportation and lunch,\" informs Flaming.The students are also paired with international students through a 'buddy programme.'At the end of the programme, the girls are placed in one-month internships in the service or hospitality sector. Here half of the participant's salary is paid by ILSC, while the other half by the business owner.\"We are looking for more partnerships in different sectors and seeking to bring on small businesses that would be interested in hiring on the girls with their newly minted language and interpersonal skills,\" he concludes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960910", "title": "Vidya, Emraan in Ghanchakkar", "text": "After their successful pairing in The Dirty Picture, Vidya Balan and Emraan Hashmi will come together once again, in Rajkumar Gupta's film Ghanchakkar.Vidya Balan told Mumbai Mirror, \"The story of Ghanchakkar is creativity at its best and I can't think of a better director than Rajkumar Gupta for this film. Emraan is a brilliant co-star and together, we hope to rock it.\"While Vidya has already worked with Gupta in No One Killed Jessica, this will be the first film for Hashmi and Gupta.When contacted, Siddharth Roy Kapoor, UTV Motion Pictures CEO said, \"Rajkumar and Pervez Sheikh have written a fabulously, quirky comic-thriller that will surprise you with its twists and turns. We are sure that this explosive combination of Emraan, Vidya and Rajkumar will take the audiences by storm.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "11958264", "title": "108.4 kg ganja seized in Lohardaga, one arrested", "text": "LOHARDAGA: A joint team of police and the CRPF seized 108.4 kg ganja and arrested one of the three men involved in ferrying the narcotic to other state on Saturday. Two others of the gang escaped.Police also seized a vehicle that had two registration numbers used to ferry the consignment. They said an inter-state gang was involved in smuggling ganja from Odisha to Bihar and Uttar Pradesh through Jharkhand for a long time.\"We caught Damodar Das alias Ganga, the son of Vishwanath Das of Vedvyas village in Barhmanitaran police station Sundargarh district in Odisha as the main accused. Two men fled from the custody while the vehicle was being checked near Shankh River police picket. One is still to be identified while the other was identified as Vibhuti Behra of Odisha's Angul district,\" said Partas Nag, the Town police station officer in-charge. He had accompanied CRPF inspector Banna Ram to carry out the drive.Nag said Damodar was brought to superintendent of police Jitendra Kumar Singh before forwarding to jail on Sunday.The OC said he would soon request his counterpart in Odisha to trace the two persons who escaped. \"The car carrying the ganja is supposed to be on way to Bihar or UP from Rourkela. The market cost of the recovered ganja packed in plastic sacks has been estimated to be Rs 15 to 20 lakh,\" added Nag. He said the car that was seized with ganja had two registration numbers (JH11E 0828 and ORO-2W 9339) written on both sides of the number plate.This is the fourth recovery of ganja in the past six months. Two seizures were from the town area itself while one was from an inter-state bus on the same smuggling route. However 108.4 kg ganja is the biggest recovery in Lohardaga district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "11957935", "title": "Woman kills kids, ends life", "text": "BANGALORE: Taunted by her husband for having given birth to two girls, a 30-year-old woman killed her daughters and committed suicide in her house at Kamakya Layout in Chennamanakre Achcukattu area late on Sunday night.Gayathri Balaji and elder daughter, three-and-a-half-yearold Mahika Balaji, were found hanging from the ceiling, while the body of the younger child, nine-month-old Vibha Balaji, was found in a water bucket. The woman used the same sari to hang the elder child and herself . Gayathri left behind a death which read: \"No one is responsible for my death. Please forgive me.\"Neighbours, however, alleged that Gayathri was harassed by her husband Balaji.'' He beat her up daily as she had given birth to two daughters . He would often shout at her and ask her why she was even alive.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11957289", "title": "Sprint queen motivates women to wear helmets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Women hate helmets as it ruins their hairstyle, but this headgear has repeatedly saved lives during accidents. Spotting women riders with helmets is rare in the city. Moreover, records with the traffic department reveal the situation has reached alarming proportions.In a city where around 5-7 lakh women drive two wheelers everyday, as many as 47 women riders have lost their lives to accidents last year. Spreading this message among women in the capital was sprint queen, PT Usha. Since helmets are not compulsory for women, Usha urged women riders to wear these for personal safety.Usha, along with joint commissioner traffic Satyendra Garg, stopped a biker at Maharshi Raman Marg to educate him that his pillion must also wear a helmet at all times. All these efforts were part of a campaign - 'Helmet and Safety'- for women that was launched on Sunday and had Usha as its spokesperson.The biker, Deepak Belwal, was heading home along with his wife, Dipa, when he was asked to stop as his wife was not wearing a helmet.\"Please use a helmet next time even if you are riding pillion. I believe women don't wear helmets as they think that it will spoil their hairstyle,\" Usha told the couple.Though Usha doesn't ride herself, she said that the health and safety of women riders can be ensured by riders who are cautious. \"Hardly any women riders, especially while riding pillion, are seen wearing a helmet. We should not wait for the government to make it compulsory. It should be implemented voluntarily so that we don't lose more lives,\" she said.Garg said, \"We also urge women to tie seat belts while driving a four wheeler. Even while wearing a helmet, it is important to fasten it properly or else the helmet will fall away as soon as soon as the person has an accident. We notice that usually most riders wear helmet only at intersections to avoid challans and take it off later.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11955301", "title": "Woman files complaint to rescue pet dog", "text": "MADURAI: A retired teacher filed a complaint with the Madurai police asking them to get her dog back from a veterinary doctor who is holding it in his custody. In her complaint, Susila said she bought a German Shepherd puppy for Rs 7,000 six months ago. She took the puppy for vaccination to a veterinary clinic. The veterinary doctor, Sankaralingam, administered vaccines to the puppy and charged her Rs 1,600. He told her that she can collect the puppy after few days. When she went to collect her dog, the veterinarian charged her Rs 1,400 for another injection. However, he still held on to the puppy and asked Susila to take it back after a few days. Susila's lawyer, S Muthukumar, said when Susila went to get her puppy, Sankaralingam said the puppy needed a surgery and collected Rs4,700.After the surgery, Sankaralingam said the puppy could be taken home after stitches healed. Meantime, he went to Susila's house and told her the puppy needs to socialise with other dogs and it would be best if it was taken to Blue Cross Society. He collected Rs 6,500 as registration and transportation charges. Frustrated over the long wait, she asked the veterinarian to give her puppy back on Saturday. However, Sankaralingam demanded Rs 20,000 from Susila to hand over the puppy. A police officer said: \"The veterinarian accepted that he was treating the puppy but denied charges of demanding money from the teacher. He had assured to hand over the puppy within two days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956766", "title": "Students do their bit for polio awareness", "text": "LUDHIANA: Chandar Nagar resident, Amarpal Singh, BCom 1st year student and treasurer of Rotary Club college team, was among the 11 students of GGN Khalsa College, Civil Lines, who visited slum area near Dr Ambedkar Nagar to administer polio drops to the children.Amarpal said, \"We visited the slum area in Dr Ambedkar Nagar and administered polio drops to 220 kids in 145 houses. It was a humble experience to do something for these people.\"Dr Rajesh Kumari and her assistant Kiran also helped in this noble cause.Field Gunj resident Rohit Jindal, BCom final year student and president of Rotary Club college wing, says, \"We first approached the main booth in Model Town and they asked us to contact the local health authorities in the slum areas. It feels great to be part of the fight against the deadly disease.\"NCC cadets of Khalsa College for Women , Civil Lines, also did their bit with full enthusiasm. The pulse polio immunization programme was held at Sri Baba Deep Singh ji gurdwara.People were made aware that along with a sound mind, healthy body is also important for the overall development of their children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960860", "title": "Yash Chopra's big secret", "text": "At 79, Yash Chopra is getting more mischievous than ever. Mumbai Mirror has learnt that Chopra has decided to keep the conclusion of the love-triangle in his new directorial venture secret, from not just the world at large, but the protagonists themselves.Neither Katrina Kaif , nor Anushka Sharma know, who Shah Rukh Khan will walk away with at the end.A source close to the project told this newspaper, \"Which one of the two ladies finally gets the guy is not known to anyone except Yashji and Aditya Chopra . Even Shah Rukh Khan, who's very close to him, has not been told.\"Apparently, Khan has been persistently asking Chopra to let him into the secret but he hasn't relented, yet.According to the grapevine, Chopra didn't want to revisit the horrifying situation of Daag, where Raakhee and Sharmila were constantly at loggerheads over Rajesh Khanna. Khan shares a warm rapport with Anushka, having done an YRF film Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi with her, but he's working with Katrina for the first time.Also, the source has firmly refuted rumours of this film being a remake of Daag.\"It's a love triangle set in London , where the three actors play contemporary working-class characters. The treatment of love is very mature. Katrina is not the 'looker' and Anushka the 'actor' in the script. Katrina has one of the most challenging roles of her career,\" the source added.As for who gets the guy, Katrina has the final word, saying, \"We'll cross the bridge when we come to it. At the moment, I'm just enjoying the thought of being a Yash Chopra heroine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960676", "title": "Nandaa: Waiting for the turning point", "text": "Actor Nandaa is hopeful that his forthcoming film Thiruppangal will be a turning point in his career.The actor has an unusual role that has two different shades. \"I also sport two looks - one is that of a normal office-goer but for the other, I had a makeover. I even tried a different voice for it,\" he says.He says that it is a script with new elements that excite him as an actor. And he adds that working with a woman director (Sharada Ramanathan, whose Shringaram won the National Award), was also a unique experience. \"They handle emotional scenes with a different perspective and I had to adjust to that wavelength,\" he explains.Nandaa has been shuttling between playing a hero and a negative character in his last few films but the actor says that he isn't consciously doing so. \"My character in Vandhaan Vendraan wasn't a villain in the right sense of the word. He just had a difference of opinion with hero, who was his sibling,\" he says and adds that he will never be able to pull off a normal commercial villain.Quiz him why he thinks he hasn't been able to make it to the top league and he says that stardom depends on being there at the right time and bagging the right project. \"There are very few directors who can give an actor such a break. If I get a chance to work with one of them, I would make it to the top too,\" he says hopefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11963130", "title": "Veteran Tamil actor S N Lakshmi passes away", "text": "Veteran Tamil actress S N Lakshmi who had donned the role of a 'mother' in most films, passed away here last night after a heart attack.She was 85. She was admitted to a private hospital a couple of days back and the end came around 0100 hrs on the morning of Feb 20th. Her body was brought to her residence at Saligramam, where people from the tinsel world paid their last respects.Her body will be taken to her native Virudhunagar district where the last rites would be performed tomorrow.The versatile Lakshmi had acted in several Tamil and Telugu films, her memorable ones being 'Michael Madhana Kamaraj,' 'Mahanadhi' and 'Kadhala Kadhala.She had acted with top stars like M G Ramachandran , Sivaji Ganesan , Rajinikanth and Kamal Hassan .Condoling her death,Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa said that Lakshmi, a recipient of the state government's prestigious titles like 'Kalaimamani' and 'Kalaiselvam,' had acted in more than 1,500 films and 6,000 dramas.\"Her death is a great loss to the film world,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11957519", "title": "First mass marriage in village of prostitutes in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time in 65 years after Independence , young girls in Wadia village near Palanpur are getting ready for a mass marriage. This simple act of tying the nuptial knot will change the course of this small village's history . For the first time, the girls will not be forced into the flesh trade. Wadia is known as the village of prostitutes in Gujarat.The mass marriage of 15 girls is scheduled on March 11. Invitations have been sent out and 1,500-odd baraatis are expected to come. The excitement is palpable in the village, but this has not gone down well with the touts. Fearing they will lose the girls, they have made some threat call to the organizers. Like anywhere , young girls fetch a higher price when first introduced to the trade. Sharda Bhati, local guardian of the girls and leader of Vicharti Jaati Samuday Samarthan Manch which has got the girls and their families ready for marriage, has filed a complaint with the Tharad police station.\"Apparently, the touts don't want the girls to seek a better life for themselves ,\" says Mittal Patel, co-ordinator of the Manch. \"They fear this would lead to the business of prostitution going bust.\"The prostitutes belong to the Sarania community, mainly from Rajasthan and Saurashtra. The NGO convinced boys from the community to marry the girls by building trust among them. Seven girls above 18 years of age and eight girls who are younger will take part in the mass marriage. This is commendable since most families are loathe to get a girl from Wadia as daughters-in-law as real identity of their fathers is not known. Wadia has a population of 750 people of which 100-odd women are believed to be involved in prostitution since pre-Independence days. The men of the families often live off their women's income, pimping clients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11962717", "title": "Siddharth is called Jimmy Neutron!", "text": "Actor Siddharth, who is enjoying every bit of the success with his latest film \" Love Failure\" co-starring Amla Paul, has just got a new name - Jimmy Neutron .And it was a little girl at the Hyderabad airport who took the actor by surprise.While at the airport, Siddharth suddenly heard the girl call him Jimmy Neutron. The actor shares, \"A little girl at the airport just called me Jimmy Neutron! Serves me right!\"Now, Jimmy Neutron is an American animated television series, and spin-off of the Academy Award-nominated computer-animated movie, \" Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius\".Jimmy Neutron is a CGI-animated cartoon about the adventures of a boy with an I.Q of 210 which is 10 more than the maximum possible in real life.He goes along with his friends creating wacky inventions that are used for some purpose of him and his family and always go wrong and cause disaster or destruction.So, if you are wondering why Siddharth said, \"...Serves me right!\" that only he can explain.The actor who has turned producer with \"Love Failure\" is currently in a happy place. \"No more fingers and toes left to count the superlative reviews I've thanked &amp; retweeted...we're in the green &amp; how! Money, love &amp; respect:)\" he posted on a microblogging site.May be he can take some time out to explain the Jimmy Neutron connect!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "11956701", "title": "15 years not enough to construct portion of bridge", "text": "LUDHIANA: It seems as if 15 years are also not sufficient for the city administration to construct the Lakkar Bridge. It has been as many years since a portion of the bridge falling on railway tracks has not been completed. Now, residents would have to wait for another three months, as the railway authorities have said they would need more time for the completion of the work. Its construction was done to connect old portion of the city with the new one and for reducing traffic burden on Damoria Bridge.People coming from the Mall Road could easily reach clock tower without getting stuck in traffic jam near Damoria Bridge had the bridge been built. It would have also brought relief for the people coming from Civil Lines, Mall Road and other new parts of the city, especially those who have to reach old city for their business works. The municipal corporation authorities shrug off their responsibility by saying that they had made all the payments around 2 years back and it was because of the railway authorities that the project was taking so long time. The railway officials, on the other hand, say it was a tough task to construct a bridge over the railway lines. They are now claiming to complete the work by May.The project has been hanging fire since 1997 and at that time, the total cost of the project was Rs 13 crore, which has now crossed Rs 60 crore just because of the delay. Earlier, the authorities had announced to complete it by the end of August 2011, but then the deadline was extended to February 2012 and now it has stretched till May, as the work was stopped for some time.When asked, MC commissioner M S Jaggi said, \"We had interacted with the railway officials, who have assured us of its completion soon. The public works department has already completed their portion of work.\"However, when contacted, deputy chief engineer, railways, S K Sharma said, \"We were supposed to get block on railway lines by June last year but we were allowed for the same in January 2012 so the work got delayed. Now the work has started again and we are hopeful of completing the work by May, but that is conditional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "unnao", "code": "11955233", "title": "Guard displays fine balance between shift duty, voting", "text": "UNNAO: On Saturday, February 18, Nanhe Kashyap came to know that his duty hours had been changed from evening to morning for Sunday, the day when voting was to take place in his native place. Kashyap was caught in a dilemma between 'his duty towards the employer and the duty towards the nation'.And despite the hectic schedule, Kashyap managed to reach the polling booth in Sohramau area of Unnao by 4.50 pm and cast his vote to elect his representative for Mohan (SC) assembly constituency. Kashyap works as a security guard at an office situated on Lucknow's Rana Pratap Marg.Recalling the mental trauma he underwent, Kashyap said, \"I came to know at the 11th hour that my shift had been changed. I had little option before me. Fortunately, my duty was over at 3 pm. I took the first bus to Unnao's Sohramau and reached the polling booth by 4.50 pm and was able to cast my vote.\"He added, \"After voting and hearing the beep of the electronic voting machine, I got the much-needed relief which I was looking for.\" He said that some of his relatives too had to strike a balance between their duty hours to spare time for exercising their franchise.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958043", "title": "\u2018Voter apathy hit citizens\u2019 candidates\u2019", "text": "The 2007 BMC election gave Mumbai its first citizens' corporator. Encouraged, citizens' groups fielded 79 candidates this time, but only one managed to sail through. While D'- Souza himself was defeated, no citizens' candidate could garner a voteshare close to what he polled in 2007.An analysis of 2012 voting pattern data shows citizens' candidates got an average of 300-500 votes. Groups are busy analyzing what went wrong. Candidates who contested from Mumbai 227 polled an average of 200-300 votes, Loksatta candidates secured between 500-600 votes, while Mumbai Nagrik Manch and Mumbai Nagriksatta candidates won less than 400 votes.Juhu's ward no 63, which elected Adolf D'Souza in 2007, is an example of how voters preferred parties over citizens' candidates this time. D'- Souza had then defeated Congress candidate Somshankar Sharma by a slender margin of 642 votes. This year, Vijay Thakre, Loksatta candidate from the ward, polled just 2,964 votes and finished fourth among five candidates. He lost to the BJP's Dilip Patel (5,133).So what exactly went wrong? \"Last time there were 21 candidates in the constituency, which helped as votes got divided. This time, there were five candidates in the ward,\" said Loksatta member Ruben Mascarenhas.Activists say the bickering between citizens' platforms, which continued till the last minute, contributed to the poor showing. D'Souza, who got 4,582 votes in 2007, himself polled just 1,191 votes in ward 60, where he contested this time. The same ward had Pankaj Khanvilkar of Mumbai 227, who secured 388 votes, but Shiv Sena candidate Sanjay Parmar won with 5,412 votes. Among the better performers were Nilima Thakur (backed by Mumbai 227) who got 3,403 votes in ward number 97, and Hina Shroff of ward 65 who polled 3,144 votes. The sole victorious citizens' candidate, Makarand Narvekar, secured only 2,208 votes in ward 227.The most infighting was in ward 182 which had Agnelo Fernandes (Mumbai 227), Joseph Gaikwad (Mumbai Nagrikmanch) and Herman Dias (Mumbai Nagriksatta).But Aditya Paul of Mumbai Nagrikmanch said, \"Infighting was irrelevant. We need a larger support base.\" However, D'Souza blamed the apathy of the youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "11958126", "title": "Two gangs of bag-lifters nabbed", "text": "PUNE: Two gangs involved in lifting bags of passengers asleep in trains during the wee hours of the morning at the Pune railway station were arrested in separate incidents by the government railway police (GRP), which recovered booty together worth Rs 4 lakh from them.Assistant police inspector of GRP R R Shelke recently arrested a gang of bag lifters that used to operate between Lonavla and Pune railway stations during the wee hours of the morning. The police have recovered gold ornaments worth Rs 2.67 lakh, cash and cell phone all totaling to Rs 3 lakh from the three gang members identified as Umesh Shrirang Unahle (29), Jitu Gaikwad (25) both of Ahmednagar and Rakesh Patil (28) of Sangli district. \"The trio has a previous criminal record,\" he said.Shelke said the trio would come to Pune from Ahmednagar by bus. They would then catch the last local train to Lonavla from the Pune railway station. \"At Lonavla, they would board a long-distance passenger train and rob sleeping passengers on the Lonavla-Pune route.\"Shelke said the suspects would get off once the train reached Pune and flee.\"On February 11, the gang stole the bag of Mahesh Solanki (41) of Bangalore. Solanki's wife noticed one of the men and tried to catch him, but he escaped with the bag containing gold and silver ornaments worth Rs 3.98 lakh.\"Acting on a tip-off, the police nabbed the trio from Ahmednagar station. The police have also arrested a jeweller identified as Santosh Lavte of Ahmednagar district in this regard.In another incident, assistant police inspector of GRP Mahendra Bagade and his team laid a trap at the Pune railway station on Saturday and nabbed a gang of three bag lifters. The police have recovered cash and gold ornaments totaling to Rs 99,000 from the suspects identified as Brahmadev Rai (56), Maheshkumar Podar (20) and Siku Yadav (26), all from Bihar.He said the suspects used to enter passenger trains halting at the Pune railway station during the wee hours of the morning and would steal bags of sleeping passengers. \"Acting on a tip-off, we laid a trap and nabbed the trio.\"Investigations revealed that the gang members would sell the stolen gold ornaments in Bihar. \"We suspect the involvement of the gang in other similar incidents,\" Bagade added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mandrem", "code": "11955735", "title": "Waste issues dominate Arambol meet", "text": "MANDREM: Inadequate garbage disposal facilities, illegal constructions along Arambol beach, construction of wells and the plastic menace were issues that dominated the proceedings of the Arambol village panchayat on Sunday.Replying to the garbage issue brought up by local Chandrahas Dabholkar, sarpanch Suchana Gadekar who chaired the gram sabha said that that the problem would be solved within a month and that action would be taken against those who litter along the main road at Arambol. Gadekar added that the panchayat had decided to ensure dust bins near the main road junctionHowever, the villagers were unhappy with the sarpanch's assurance. \" We have no faith in the promises given by the panchyat members as they do not result in any action,\" said local Dattaram Thakur.One of the villagers also sought details pertaining to the permission given to the owner of Arambol Plaza for the alleged construction along the road leading to the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957042", "title": "Youth run over by RTC bus", "text": "HYDERABAD: A 26-year-old was mowed down by a RTC bus in Ameerpet on Sunday morning.The victim, a private employee, was identified as P Naveen Reddy of Kamareddy in Nizamabad district. The mishap occurred at around 8 am when Naveen along with his friend, Anwesh Reddy, was travelling on a bike.Anwesh Reddy, who was riding the bike, took a U-turn near Royal lodge towards Mythrivanam.\"As soon as the bike took the turn an RTC bus, bearing license plate number AP 11 Z 6116 of Ranigunj 1 depot going from Sanathnagar to Secunderabad, rammed into it from behind.\"Naveen, who was riding pillion, fell on the road and was crushed under the rear-end tyre of the bus,\" SR Nagar sub-inspector N Srinivas said.Naveen died on the spot. Anwesh, who sustained minor injuries in the incident, was rushed to a nearby hospital where he is said to be currently out of danger.Police have booked cases against the absconding bus driver under Sections 304-A (causing death due to rash or negligent act) and 337 (causing injuries due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11956741", "title": "No clue yet in cop\u2019s suicide", "text": "VADODARA: Three days after an assistant sub-inspector (ASI) committed suicide inside Pavi Jetpur police station, the police are yet to get any clue in the incident. Natha Tadvi, 58, had committed suicide on Thursday night by shooting himself from his service revolver. Tadvi had a court hearing on that day in connection with a private complaint against him.According to cops, Tadvi went into the writer's room in the police station around 9 pm. He took his revolver and fired two rounds. The sound of gunshots sent policemen into a tizzy and some of them rushed to the room. \"He had talked to his wife 10 minutes before he shot himself. There may be some personal reasons behind him committing suicide,\" said a police official.However, his family is refusing to share any details. The cops said that they will question his family members after some days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960426", "title": "Vidya Balan and Emraan Hashmi in a comedy film", "text": "In filmmaking, casting is half the battle won. Of his lead pair, Ghanchakkar director Raj Kumar Gupta says, \"Getting Vidya Balan and Emraan Hashmi together is a cracker of a casting. Both actors work wonderfully for my film.Emraan plays an ex-con, who has a yen for the finer things in life. Vidya plays his wife. It is an out-of-thebox script and the film is completely characterdriven.\"Emraan believes that if a story is simply told and still grabs you in one sentence, it is definitely worth it. He says, \"I have a selfish need to do a great role and after The Dirty Picture, I'm dying to do another film with Vidya.\" Vidya reciprocates Emraan's sentiment. She says, \"Teaming up with Emraan again is exciting. It took me nearly eight months to say yes to this movie because I was tied up with The Dirty Picture and Kahaani.\" Ask her if she green-lit this project only because beau UTV Motion Pictures CEO Siddharth Roy Kapur is one of the producers and she retorts, \"I've been wanting to try a comedy. Even in Heyy Babyy and Lage Raho Munnabhai, my character didn't have any comic scenes. This time, I am really looking forward to this experience. Also, when I choose a film, the role and the script takes precedence. And when you have both, you want a good producer. I am very happy to be working with UTV; but no, it has nothing to do with what you want to hear.\"Producer Kapur says, \"Rajkumar Gupta is one of the most talented writerdirectors today. This quirky comic-thriller will surprise you with its twists and turns.\" Ghanchakkar goes on floors in August 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958148", "title": "CBSE board exams 2012: A test of will &amp; grit", "text": "Time Management DR Saini, Principal, DPS, RK Puram Time management is important and it is a good idea to follow a timetable that gives priority to subjects one is weak in. A general timetable should allot enough time to sections like diagrams that are challenging. Practise derivations. Keep aside less time for applied numericals as they are relatively easier. Also, avoid distractions like watching television/movies or going out with friends. A sport can be included in the timetable as it helps in concentration, but it should not exceed 40 minutes a day.Mathematical Solution Dinesh Sharma, HoD, Maths, Ramjas School For mathematics, students need to understand concepts. Maths does not require more than three to four hours of regular practice every day. Students should keep in mind the weighting assigned to each topic by CBSE. Decide on a date for self-assessment and make sure the preparation time does not exceed four days. As part of the self-assessment , try and solve a paper of the previous year within three hours. After completing the paper, do a self-assessment . This will reveal the areas you are weak in. Repeat the process until the exam. For a high score in maths, solve at least 10 to 15 model test papers.Decoding Chemistry Geeta Gangwani, Vice-Principal , Bal Bharati Public School (BBPS) Chemistry , most students believe, requires memorisation. But, this is a subject that cannot be memorised or retained without understanding. Students must be well-versed with the format of paper and marks allotted to each chapter . In order to understand the expected answers, students should go through CBSE sample papers and marking schemes, which give detailed value points. Numericals carry 12-14 marks and are easy to score. Students must start the answer by writing the skeleton formula in standard notation followed by substitution of values with units. Conversion of units should be taken care of. The final answer must be written with units. The four organic chemistry chapters worth 18 marks are interrelated. Organic chemistry demands constant revision . The reactions can be summarised in a flow chart, which must be revised once a week. It is a good idea to have a pocket diary with important name reactions . Distinguish pairs and conversions which you can revise as and when you get time. Reasoning questions in organic and inorganic chemistry carry one mark each and demand one phrase or one-liner answers . Underline the technical words. Always support your answers with structures, examples, equations and graphs even if the question does not ask for it. The structures must show electronic arrangement and movement (if any). All equations must be balanced. A reaction, which is not balanced, is not an equation. Students normally ignore chapters like polymers, chemistry in everyday life, biomolecules, surface chemistry - these are the easier chapters from which memory-based questions are asked. &gt;Reverse the Cycle Shivani Chander, Counsellor, Sanskriti School To begin with, students must study at an even pace and take regular breaks; focus on revision and not learning anything new. Solve sample papers only if you are confident. For every three questions that you revise, write down at least one answer and either check it yourself or get it checked by a teacher or a tutor. Maths, accounts and numericals in physics must be practised regularly. If you are in the habit of studying through the night, reverse your cycle now because , finally, you have to take the exam in the morning and you need to be alert at 10am, not 10pm.SUBJECT-WISE Here are a few suggestions on how to prepare for the English examination and avoid common mistakes. Find out more about Comprehension Summary and compositions Report and letter writing Log on to www.myeducationtimes .com/forparentsTake a Break Aastha Sachdev, Academic Counsellor, Lotus Valley International School Cut down on salty, spicy or high-calorie food. Substitute high carbohydrates with fresh fruits, vegetables and lots of liquid. Also, avoid coffee, tea and aerated drinks; the caffeine will give you an initial boost, but will make your thinking fuzzy. Eat healthy and regularly; your brain will benefit from the nutrients . Moderate exercise on a regular basis will boost your energy, clear your mind and reduce stress. About 20 minutes of brisk walk or treadmill will help. When you begin to lose your concentration, take a short break and go for a walk. A minimum of six hours of sleep is advisable. Also, if you are stressed, talk to parents or someone you are close to, it works as a stress buster.Fear Factor SP Arora, Principal, Kendriya Vidyalaya, AFS Tughlakabad Exam hall panic may lead to memory blocks, rapid heart rate, etc. However, you can avoid these symptoms if you plan in advance , think positively and not study the night before the exam. Students can first attempt questions that they are confident about. All answers should be to the point and enough time should be kept aside for revision. It is important for students to believe that the examination system is student-friendly . If you are not able to do well in one paper, don't lose focus. Prepare well for the next one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957179", "title": "City businessman commits suicide", "text": "HYDERABAD: Hurt by the last-minute cancellation of his daughter's marriage with a Telugu actor, a 58-year-old businessman committed suicide by consuming poison at his house in Malakpet on Sunday.According to police, the victim was identified as V Rambabu of Dilsukhnagar. Rambabu, who owned a commercial complex in Dilsukhnagar, also had a furniture shop in the name of Poorna Enterprises there. Rambabu was a close relative of TDP leader SV Krishna Prasad, who contested the 2009 Assembly elections from LB Nagar constituency. In an engagement ceremony held in the city on January 26, Rambabu's daughter's marriage was fixed with Telugu hero T Gopichand. She finished MBA from an Australian University.The marriage was scheduled to be held on February 24 and wedding cards were also distributed by both the families. \"However, the wedding was called off by the actor's family due to unknown reasons a couple of days ago,\" Malakpet inspector N Satyanarayana said.According to Malakpet police, Rambabu was shattered with the unexpected turn of events. He tried to convince Gopichand's family to go ahead with the marriage, but all his efforts were in vain.\"Hurt by the sad turn of events, Rambabu consumed poison at his house on Sunday night. Family members noticed Rambabu lying in the bedroom in an unconscious condition at 7.30 pm and rushed him to a nearby hospital, where he was declared brought dead,\" the inspector added.The Malakpet police visited the hospital and the house of the victim. \"Doctors at the hospital confirmed that the death could be due to consumption of poison. So far, we have not received a complaint from the family members. Once the complaint is received, a suspicious death case will be booked under section 174 of CrPC. The body will be shifted to Osmania General Hospital for post-mortem on Monday morning,\" the inspector added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "11957007", "title": "Move over eSeva, brokers rule here", "text": "HYDERABAD: The system that the GHMC introduced last year to ensure timely issuance of birth and death certificates without middle-men getting into the picture, is facing a a bumpy ride with mounting public complaints.The GHMC's portal allows for registration of births and deaths while the certificates can also be collected at eSeva centres. According to GHMC officials, a certificate for a new birth or death can be obtained in a week, while a certificate for an existing record is given in three days. But instances of delay in obtaining these certificates abound in South Zone.A resident of the Old City who went to the South Zone office at Sardar Mahal recently, said that she has been making the rounds of the eSeva for a certificate for close to six months now. \"I had approached the eSeva officials as directed by the GHMC authorities who claimed they have no records of my baby's birth. I provided the required information to the eSeva officials and applied for the certificate last December. I have not got it yet. I keep going there again and again,\" she said.The delay is forcing applicants to seek out the help of brokers who thrive brazenly right under the nose of the municipal officials. When TOI approached one of the brokers, he said that a birth certificate can certainly be arranged in less than five days. \"If information provided by the hospital is given along with Rs 250, it can be arranged. There is no need to go to the eSeva, as the certificate can be obtained from the office directly,\" he said.GHMC officials, however, maintain that there is no delay on their part. \"We receive information from the eSeva portal which receives requests for existing birth certificates. The minute we get the information we process the request. There could be a delay on part of eSeva but there is no delay on part of GHMC officials,\" he claimed.When the issue of middle-men was broached with the official, he explained that eSeva was roped in to eliminate middle-men, corruption and delay. He added that the brokers had nothing to do with GHMC. \"We do not entertain any requests for certificates at our offices. All requests and applications have to be routed through eSeva only. These middle-men are operating illegally and are fooling the public,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "11956340", "title": "Manhunt launched to nab another accused in shootout case", "text": "INDORE: After being slammed for the shoddy handling of the Zafar Baig episode, the Indore police are leaving no stone unturned to search another externed under the National Security Act (NSA) and allegedly the sworn enemy of Zafar, Shadab Baig, who has been absconding for last two-and-a-half months.Both Zafar and Shabad are allegedly involved in the Moharrum shootout case in November last year. Both the accused are said to be relatives. The cops carried out raids on a number of houses in Samwad Nagar in the city in search of Shdab on Sunday, but in vain.City SP Rupesh Diwedi confirmed the raids and said that both the accused were booked under section 307 of IPC in connection with the Moharrum firing case and since then, both had been absconding. The presence of Zafar, who was externed out of Indore district in connection with the Moharrum shoot-out case, in the city surprised the police when he allegedly stabbed his domestic help, Mehboob, to death on Friday night. In the bid, Zafar also sustained injuries and has been admitted to a hospital in the city.This incident brought to the fore the laxity on the part of the police as Zafar was absconding all these days and searches were on to nab him. The police could not find out him despite he had been hiding in the city.Senior Superintendent of Police suspended Pandrinath police inspector SS Bais on Saturday on charges of shielding Zafar, who allegedly murdered his domestic help at his residence.According to the NSA, the accused should not been seen in the district or be in jail. In this case, neither he was in jail nor out of the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11960650", "title": "Pop goes the Weasel", "text": "Many 20th and 21st century celebrities have become icons represented through various ways in pop culture. CT looks at the trend...Take a stroll down any high street and you get to see people dressed in branded clothes, alright. But, what is also equally 'hot' for these youngsters is wearing their attitude through sporting a celebrity's face, who they deem as cool enough be accessorized. It ranges from musicians like The Beatles and Bob Marley to politicians like Obama and Gandhi to even actress Marilyn Monroe.Not too long ago, writer Salman Rushdie had said, \"Gandhi is up for grabs. He has become abstract, historical, postmodern, no longer a man in and of his time but a freeloading concept, a part of the available stock of cultural symbols, an image that can be borrowed, used, distorted, reinvented to fit many different purposes, and to the devil with historicity or truth.\"And popular culture has made icons of not just Gandhi, like Rushdie has pointed out, but of many more. While most of us seem to own their memorabilia or merchandise, proudly wearing it on our bags and shirts in an attempt to 'fit in', the question to be asked is how many in our generation believe in the faces of that we're endorsing.Is Che Guevara just another cool guy or does one know about his travails through South America? Funnily, while most of us seem to be endorsing popular culture, the term exactly wasn't flattering when it was coined. In 19th century, the term was meant to refer to the 'cultured-ness' of the lower classes. Over years, it has also developed into a culture that was 'leftover'. Today, of course, pop culture is all about going with the flow and idolizing the most popular symbol.After Che Guevara, Jim Morrison, Jimi Hendrix, Gandhi and Marilyn Monroe, the latest pin-up boy is Anna Hazare. Though, for most, he is 'that anti-corruption guy'. Anjana Damodharan, a copywriter, says, \"No one knows what or who they are supporting. They simply sport clothes to fit in.\"For most, like Anjana points out, it is about making a fashion statement rather than taking a stand. Areshdeep Singh, an MBA graduate, thinks that pop culture has, in many cases, tarnished our view of our cultural heroes. \"This is done by highlighting and bringing out only those aspects that bear promotional/marketing value to them. In a way, it distorts history and its facts,\" he says.While some may think it is distorting facts, others believe that it takes all kinds to make a generation. Designer Arvind Prakash says, \"It is not right to generalize a generation. We do know our facts. When we believe in something or are fascinated by a person, we do read up on them.\" Dr Innasimuthu Sebastian, a Ph.D holder in communication and culture from Germany states that media, of course, plays a pivotal role in changing the opinions as well as the face of a single element.\"Youngsters grow up in search of someone who they can look up to - be it through rebellion or pride. And that changes with time, with people and with situations. Corruption is the one dominating problem India faces and the youngsters have found an inner solution just looking up to someone like that,\" says Dr Innasimuthu.Brindaa Lakshmi a social media manager says that sporting the t-shirt is both good and bad. \"The good part is that it has made serious leaders more popularly accepted and known. The common man can recognize him. But the flip side people don't know what these heroes did. A Guevara or a Gandhi is no different from a Britney Spears on a t-shirt,\" concludes Brindaa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955649", "title": "Backed by a court order, India to seek extradition of Headley, Rana", "text": "NEW DELHI: Armed with a special court order, India will soon write to the US seeking extradition of American citizen David Coleman Headley and his Canadian accomplice Tahawwur Hussain Rana for their trial here for plotting with LeT and HuJI terrorists to attack places of iconic importance in the Capital and other cities including Mumbai.Though Headley had entered into a plea bargaining with US authorities and got immunity from being extradited to India or any other country, New Delhi has to follow the legal procedure by formally pressing for his extradition backed by the court order.Taking cognizance of NIA's chargesheet against Headley, Rana, Lashkar founder Hafiz Saeed, the outfit's key commander Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi and five others, a special court here on Saturday sought their presence before it for trial on March 13.\"We will write to the US with reference of the court order. New Delhi will highlight that the chargesheet against Headley and Rana is not restricted to the 26/11 Mumbai terror attack case alone. It also covers the offences which do not come under the 12 counts on which he had pleaded guilty and entered into the plea bargaining,\" a home ministry official said.Under the plea bargaining, Headley had become prosecution witness in the trial against Rana, who was acquitted by a US court in the 26/11 case but indicted for his role in a terror plot against Denmark. Both are currently in jail in Chicago .\"Rana may be acquitted in the Mumbai attack case, but he is an accused here in the case which pertains to a criminal conspiracy with LeT and HuJI terrorists to carry out attacks in New Delhi and other places in India,\" said the official.He said New Delhi would also write to Washington to take into account the fact that the US authorities had agreed for Headley's plea bargaining without taking India on board despite a pending case against the accused here.A section within the home ministry believes that though it is highly unlikely that the US will extradite Headley and Rana, the move may see some legal wrangling between the two countries -- especially if someone decides to approach an American court. Even under the existing extradition agreement between India and US, Rana will have to first undergo his sentence in an American jail if convicted for his role in the Denmark plot.\"In any case, the accused's appearance for trial through video link cannot be ruled out as a compromise in future,\" the official said.The NIA has, meanwhile, begun the process of sending letter rogatory to Morocco for recording the statement of Headley's estranged Moroccan wife Faiza Outalha for evidence against him. She had visited India with Headley twice during the latter's reconnaissance mission.India, which has already asked Pakistan for deportation of Saeed and Lakhvi, will again write to Islamabad with reference of the court order. Lakhvi, who is in jail, is being tried in a Rawalpindi court in the 26/11 case whereas Saeed and others chargesheeted by the NIA remain scot-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956343", "title": "Sky fest: Five planets will be visible to naked eye this week", "text": "AHMEDABAD: This week will bring celestial neighbours close to the sky watchers. According to scientists, the citizens can see five planets with naked eyes or with help of a small binocular or telescope till beginning of March.\"The five brightest planets - Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn, known since ancient times, can easily be seen with the naked eye if one knows when and where to look. They are visible for much of the year, except for short periods of time when they are too close to the Sun to observe. However normally all planets are not visible on a single night,\" said Dr Narottam Sahoo, senior scientist, Gujarat Science City.\"We have organized guided planet watching in the weekends at Science City with telescope and demonstration. The habit of looking at stellar world is waning due to urbanization. Such activities, to find and see planets, will arouse curiosity of children and adults alike,\" said Sahoo.Venus and Jupiter are the first 'stars' to pop out in the evening sky all through February 2012. with Venus being the lower planet and Jupiter the higher.\"Use the moon to find Venus in late February, as the thin lunar crescent will pass close to Venus on the evenings of Feb 24 to 26. Jupiter is out from evening to about midnight. It rises in the east and sets in the west,\" said Science City officials.Officials added that Mars will become extremely noticeable in the sky in February, the brightest in two years. The red planet rises in the east around 9 pm, about the same time that Venus sets in the west. By middle of the month, look for Mars to rise at nightfall. Saturn rises around midnight early in the month and a few hours sooner later in the month. Mercury will be a bit difficult to spot without guidance and with basic binoculars. It is seen near the horizon for 45 to 70 minutes after the sunset.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11963542", "title": "Chaze C249 launched @ Rs 2,250", "text": "NEW DELHI: The mobile handset division of K R Mangalam Group, Chaze, has launched a multimedia phone C249.Chaze C249 features a 2.4-inch screen, P.A. (public address) system feature, 2030 box speaker with K- series amp. The phone comes with 1.3 megapixel camera with dual LED torch. It's also equipped with a 1600 MAH battery and has a stand by time of 25 days.For music lovers, the phone packs FM radio, MP3 player with a 3.5 mm audio jack. The phone also features a video recorder.Keshav Arora, CEO Chaze Mobile, said, \"Chaze aspires to be one of the leading mobile handset company by offering its valuable customers the fully loaded mobile handsets at the most competitive prices.\"Along with a mobile tracking function, the phone packs Bluetooth support with A2DP, black list feature, answering machine and auto call recording with name and number.For social networking, the phone comes pre-loaded with Web apps like Facebook Chat, Twitter and Yahoo Messenger. The phone also has an inbuilt Astro Pack for kundali milap and numerology.As for the memory, C249 offers 8GB memory card support and can store 1500 names in phonebook and 300 sms at the same time. The phone has been priced at Rs 2,250.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "dhanbad", "code": "11958263", "title": "Youths fall prey to diabetes", "text": "DHANBAD: Consumption of adulterated food items is responsible for rising incidents of diabetes among youths in the coal belt, according to a finding of Diabetes and Heart Diseases Centre of Dhanbad.DHRC director N K Singh said here on Sunday there has been \"unexplained rise\" in diabetes cases in young people and DHRC is registering new cases everyday in age group 20 to 30 year old.Many research works have pointed that a major reason could be adulterated food items being consumed in excess leading to oxidative stress to beta cells of pancreas which secrete insulin as deficiency or inaction of insulin leads to diabetes.He advised the youths to avoid packaged food items as it causes higher incidence of heart disease, diabetes and liver abnormalities in adults as well as brain and hormone development problems in foetuses and young children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11961755", "title": "Kabir\u2019s back in Delhi after his China stint", "text": "Delhi model Kabir Singh has been missing in action for a while now, but when we met him after Rocky S's show on the penultimate day at WIFW, he told us about all that's kept him away from the capital in the past couple of months.Kabir, who walked the ramp in Delhi after a couple of months, told us that to begin with, he was in China for work, and ended up doing some big runway shows there, including one for Dior and another for Crocs in Shanghai . But now that he's back, Kabir's focusing both on international runways and Bollywood.\"I want to try for Milan in the coming season. After my last couple of international shows, I've got a strong portfolio and I want to make it stronger. Bollywood's another thing I'm focusing on. I've got a few calls from south India, and I was also approached for a song with Esha Deol , and another mainstream Bollywood project. But, I wasn't sure that time of making my debut like that. I wanted to be sure that I was getting into the right project. Now I'm preparing myself and will also take acting classes soon. Hopefully, things will work out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "11955281", "title": "Madurai sets up BPO for Sri Lankan refugees", "text": "MADURAI: Three months ago, the future of 10 young Sri Lankan refugees looked bleak, but today, thanks to the Madurai district administration's initiative, they are operating a BPO. N Satheeswaran, 21, a BSc graduate and team leader of the BPO which does online work outsourced by a Chennaibased firm, says it all began about three months ago when Madurai district collector U Sagayam visited their camp and interacted with them. \"He asked us about our educational qualification and was impressed by the fact that most of us had completed our degrees. But he was taken aback when he found that all of us were unemployed,\" he said.Most women in the refugee camp make money by sewing while the older men do various jobs including finding employment in the construction industry. But these youngsters wanted to stand out and make use of their qualification. The youngsters, including Kathinthini, who completed his BCA two years ago and Sudhashini, aBCom graduate could not get government jobs while big private firms were not ready to take them in due to their refugee status.\"The collector said steps would be taken to provide us with employment and on December 26 last year, we were trained in the various BPO activities,\" they said. Work began on January 2, 2012, in a government school premises in Bibikulam. But there are plans to shift to a corporation building allotted to them near the Annaiyur camp in a day or two. On Wednesday last week, the 10-member team, including four women, received their first salary of `6,000 each.\"We are happy for being given this opportunity as this was an impossible dream for most of us till a few months ago. The future of those like me, who do not want to go back to our country, lies here,\" said Satheeswaran, who has to also take care of two younger brothers. Tahsildar Tamilselvi who is in charge of the refugee camps said efforts were being taken to provide work in the BPO for 30 more people. \"Thirty women have also been trained in stitching and sewing machines would be distributed to them soon,\" she said. There are also plans to start SHGs for these women, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "11957660", "title": "Transport body wants exam postponed", "text": "GUWAHATI: All India Road Transport Workers' Federation (AIRTWF) has appealed the state education department to change the date of the matric examination scheduled on February 28 in view of the all India strike called by trade unions irrespective of political affiliations of employees in the banking and and insurance sector.Biren Sarma, general secretary of the Assam state committee of AIRTWF, said there is no way to defer the strike. He appealed to the education department to change the schedule of the metric examination as the federation has appealed to transport workers to take their vehicles off the roads on February 28 to support various demands of the workers.\"In Assam, our federation's main demand is the implementation of the Unorganised Sector Workers' Social Security Act, 2008, in true spirit. As the strike is going to be observed across the country, we have to abide by the decision taken by all trade unions. Mathematics paper of this year's matriculation examination conducted by State Education Board of Assam (Seba) is scheduled to take place on February 28. For the sake of the students, we appeal to the education department to postpone the examination,\" Sarma said.He added that soaring price of essential commodities and privatization of the policy undertaken by the government is the other two vital issues of the one-day nationwide strike. Sarma urged the education department to announce a new date for the examination scheduled on the day of the general strike by Monday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11956721", "title": "Anchita gets her unique name from Lord Krishna's", "text": "BRS NAGAR: When the Kashyaps were blessed with a daughter in the family after three generations, it was obvious for the family to keep every celebration grand. And as far as the name of their daughter is considered, it too had to be unique and meaningful.Avinash and Sangeeta Kashyap became mom and dad six months ago and it was only after five months they could decide to call their daughter Anchita. Apart from searching for an apt name, the family had been waiting for Anchita's uncle to return from USA, so as to have a grand celebration before her 'namkaran'.Shedding the old traditions, the family has given the 'gotra' name to their daughter with her father's name as the middle name. So, her full name is Anchita Avinash Kashyap. Born on August 28, 2011, Anchita's 'namkaran' ceremony was organized on January 14, 2012.Sangeeta, a head librarian in a college, said, \"My husband entrusted the opportunity to decide on a suitable for our daughter on me and I looked up many names on the internet. I had a long list of names but, most of them were very common.\"Sangeeta finally zeroed in on two names- Anchita and Akshita. But, as the family had heard 'Akshita' earlier, they decided to go ahead with Anchita. Talking about the meaning of her daughter's name, Sangeeta said, \"One of the many names Lord Krishna is referred to with in Bhagvad Gita is Achintya. Originating from this name of Krishna, Anchita means the one who is worshipped.\"Avinash, a lecturer by profession, said, \"My family is quite excited after Anchita's birth as there was no daughter born in last three generations. We always wished for a daughter and god fulfilled our wish. We would do our best to provide her a noble life.\"Avinash's brother Vikas too became a dad last year and the 'namkaran' ceremony of his son Vedant was held with Anchita's when he returned from USA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956393", "title": "Locals join hands to restore Shiv temple in walled city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Maha Shivratri celebrations at Ramnath Mahadev at Mandvi ni Pol have remained unique affair since past few centuries. However, this time, the celebrations have a spirit and a new meaning - it manifests a deeper commitment to preservation of its heritage structure and its cultural identity.The donations that the temple would receive during the Maha Shivratri pujan would be utilized to complete the regeneration of this old structure, say the temple authorities. This is the first Maha Shivratri festival at the temple after it was partly regenerated with the help of pol residents last year. The exterior of the temple was renovated using marble stone last year and plan of further restoration is in pipeline.Harshad Bhatt, a pol resident and trustee of the temple, says, \"We follow oldest rituals in celebrating Maha Shivratri at the temple. The celebrations begin at 5pm in evening with a Shiv Palkhi Yatra in which more than 200 residents of the pol take part. The procession moves from Mandvi ni Pol to Manek Chowk, Kandoi Ole and from Astodia it returns to the temple. We offer bhang as prasad to the devotees and pol residents who join the procession. This time, we expect more crowd as this is the first Maha Shivratri the temple is celebrating after regenerating its exteriors; and the donations are also to be utilized for completion of its restoration plans.\"Vaman Nandkishore Bhatt, managing trustee of the temple, says, \"Gathering a small fund of about Rs 2 lakh from pol residents, we have restored the exterior of this temple. The structure is about 400 years old. For further regeneration, we have applied at AMC for assistance.\"\"We are unable to complete the restoration work due to a technical drainage line fault and lack of funds,\" says Bhatt. \"However, with the resolution to utilize the donations for regenerations and AMC's new restoration guidelines, we hope that the renovation of the structure would become easier and faster this year.\"\"We have offered technical guidance for completion of the regeneration of the entire Shiv temple,\" say sources from AMC Heritage Cell.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "agartala/ahmedabad", "code": "11956555", "title": "NCTC: More CMs accuse Centre of taking a \"unilateral\" decision", "text": "AGARTALA/AHMEDABAD: Chief ministers of Tripura and Uttarakhand on Sunday joined the anti-NCTC chorus, taking to 12 the number of opposing states, even as their Gujarat counterpart Narendra Modi accused the UPA of \"attacking\" the country's federal structure.With the Centre being accused of taking a \"unilateral\" decision, information and broadcasting minister Ambika Soni said the campaign against terror should be fought jointly and not be politicized. The Centre had no desire to infringe on the states' rights, she said.The Left Front-ruled Tripura's CM Manik Sarkar wrote to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on the proposal to set up the National Counter-Terrorism Centre (NCTC), saying the \"unilateral\" order would only create \"misunderstanding\".He said it was \"unfortunate and surprising\" that the NCTC order which dealt with security, an issue closely related to states, had been issued without proper consultations. \"Considering that 'Public order' and 'Police' is a state subject under the Constitution of India, this action of the MHA amounts to encroachment of the states' powers.\"The Tripura CM said that the need of the hour was for the states and the Centre to cooperate, but the NCTC order would only create misunderstanding. Uttarakhand CM B C Khanduri accused the Centre of \"infringing\" on federal rights of the states. \"Be it NCTC or any other issue, it is very sad that some of the important decisions are being taken by the Centre unilaterally,\" he said in Dehradun.Stepping up his offensive on the NCTC issue, Modi said that though the UPA government claimed that security was a \"shared\" responsibility of the Centre and states, it did not bother to consult states when it came to forming laws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11958196", "title": "Stand out", "text": "Entrance tests are like a sprint. It's about you and the track. Interviews are like playing golf. It's about you and the lay of the land. But, 'group discussion' is similar to an American soccer match. If you have the ball in hand, 11 players pounce on you to prevent you from touching the goal line. If you follow the rules and understand your opponents, you can project the right image in a group discussion.Rule 1: Prepare as many topics as you can. Practise mock discussions, preferably with differing groups of friends. Train your mind to think of the pros and cons with reference to different topics. More importantly, it is about looking at all the possible anglesRule 2: Carry a notepad and pen to note down the discussion points and participants' names. Addressing by name shows your people skills and presence of mindRule 3: Let your body posture be of polite intensity so that you come across as a balanced individual with ample energyRule 4 : Take charge of the discussion right at the beginning. It shows your leadership capability. Start the discussion by setting the framework, state your opening point and leave it to the group. Conclude the discussion by summing up if you canRule 5: If you disagree, present your argument without aggression. You are not there to prove that your stand is right, but to show your maturity and capability to think logicallyRule 6: Some companies expect you to stand for yourself in an aggressive environment. Know the company culture beforehand. Look out for yourself. But, do not take all the airtime. You will look immature and self-centredRule 7: If another candidate is taking all the airtime, intervene when he pauses so that you can state your point and pass on the chance to someone who hasn't had his say. Group discussions are as much about your point of view as about how you handle yourself.(The writer, Suman Agarwal is Director, First Impression Consulting Pvt Ltd; Master Image Consultant - MFIPI (UK), Federation of Image Professionals International)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "11955967", "title": "Cong, BJP bigwigs to arrive in Goa for poll campaigning", "text": "PANAJI: Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national leaders will visit the state next week to convince the electorate of Goa to vote for their respective parties for the March 3 assembly elections. Both Congress and BJP have chalked out a series of public meetings of national leaders beginning this week.Speaking to TOI, Goa Pradesh Congress Committee working president Francisco Sardinha confirmed that AICC president Sonia Gandhi is expected to address a public meeting at Fatorda in South Goa on February 24.Former India cricket team captain Mohammad Azharuddin is scheduled to arrive on February 21 and likely to address a public meeting in Ponda, Mormugao and Fatorda.On February 22 Union minister Vilasrao Deshmukh is scheduled to arrive in the state to address a public meeting in Bicholim and Pernem.Congress is also trying hard to get Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress youth icon Rahul Gandhi to campaign for the polls. It has also planned to release its party manifesto on Monday. Union finance minister Pranav Mukherjee may do the honours.BJP has lined up former national president Rajnath Singh, leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj, BJP national president Nitin Gadkari, Member of Parliament Gopinath Munde, actor turn politician Hema Malini and TV actor turn politician Smurti Irani.Goa Assembly Elections 2012Assembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "11956793", "title": "Bank helps preserve Toda architecture in the Nilgiris", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: In an effort to preserve Toda architecture, State Bank of India's Ooty branch has undertaken a project to restore 22 traditional Toda houses in the Nilgiris. On Sunday, one of the renovated Toda houses at Thalpathery Mund near Ooty was inaugurated by the bank's managing director A Krishnakumar. \"As part of our corporate social responsibility, SBI undertakes various community services across the country by earmarking 1% of our annual profit. This project is for the Nilgiris district,\" he said.The bank is working in 21 Toda 'munds' or dwelling places in the Nilgiris. The project, costing Rs 1.5 lakh, is being carried out in association with Toda Nalavazhvu Sangam, a non-governmental organisation.\"We would like to keep our thatched homes though the government wants to replace them with concrete houses. This is the way our houses we built traditionally,\" said a resident of Thalpathery Mund. Toda huts are original dwellings of the indigenous people of the hills. Todas are primarily pastoral folk who survive by cattle herding and doing a little farming. A Toda hut is an oval structure without any windows. \"The oval huts are the traditional architecture,\" said Tarun Chhabra, founder of Toda Nalavazhvu Sangam. The walls are made of stones while the roof is made by binding bamboo binding with Nilgiri lemon grass, he said.\"The roof of their temples, built in the same style, is thatched with bamboo and a rare grass, Eriochrysis rangacharii, which is available only on the Nilgiri slopes,\" said Chhabra, a dentist.The huts last at least 80 years but the roof should be re-done every 10 to 15 years, he added.Though many Todas have replaced their distinctive huts with modern houses, the younger generation wants to revive their architectural traditions, said Chhabra. \"About 42 Toda huts have been revived in the past 10 years,\" he added. About 1,450 Todas live in the Nilgiris in 75 Toda hamlets. About 45 hamlets are fully occupied while the rest are used for various rituals.Krishnakumar said each of the 14,000 SBI branches across the country will sponsor a water purifier for their local government school. The Ooty branch also donated an LCD TV to Kodappamund Government High School in Ooty and water purifiers to five government schools in the district on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chitrakoot", "code": "11955588", "title": "Chitrakoot shuns dacoits' fear, votes for development", "text": "CHITRAKOOT: The verdict was clear in villages of Chitrakoot: vote for development, not for dacoits.This district, which was home to dacoits, including the dreaded Shiv Kumar Patel aka Dadua, voted fearlessly on Sunday.In Deokali, the village of Dadua, voters made a beeline at the polling booth in a primary school. The village comes under Chitrakoot assembly constituency from where Dadua's son Veer Singh is contesting on Samajwadi Party ticket.Villagers termed the fear of dacoits a misnomer. \"Dadua ne kisi ko pareshan nahin kiya (Dadua didn't trouble anyone),\" said Bhundi Lal, a resident of Deokali. Ironically, not many from Veer Singh's family were there to vote. While his mother died long back, his two elder sisters got married and never returned to the village. Villagers, however, claimed that Veer Singh's Mamta came to vote for her husband.While villagers of Deokali appeared heavily in favour of Veer Singh, the latter is facing stiff competition in other villages. Veer Singh, youngest among all candidates, is trying his luck against Ram Sewak of BSP. The seat has been carved out after Karwi, which was won by BSP's Dinesh Prasad in 2007, was scrapped.Giving them a tough fight are local activist Pushpendra Singh of Congress and BJP candidate Chandrika Prasad.In Manikpur constituency, too, people said Dadua effect was missing this time. \"Earlier there used to be `farmans' from dacoits that often decided the fate of candidates and voters,\" said Jai Prakash Shivhare who had come to cast vote in a primary school in Sukhrampur village of Manikpur. Dinesh Kumar, a resident of the same village, said the area has long been neglected. \"It was partially because of the dacoits and partially because of the callous attitude of the government,'' he said.Sunil Singh, a school teacher in Kothlihai village under Manikpur constituency, cast his vote early morning. He said at times there was a hype of dacoits. \"Many persons were put behind bars on charges that they were either dacoits or supporters of dacoits, which was not true,\" he said. That led to resentment among villagers, he added.A security personnel at a polling station in Lalapur village said tight security measures were in place to ensure a free and fearless voting.Manikpur constituency was represented by Daddu Prasad of BSP in the last assembly election. Incidentally, he was also the rural development minister in the Mayawati government. Sunil Singh said status of development in villages will certainly be the deciding factor this time. Daddu Prasad, a three-time MLA from the seat, was denied ticket by Mayawati and replaced by Chandrabhan Singh Patel.Giving the two a tough competition is Congress candidate Sampat Pal, who is also the leader of Gulabi Gang. She is joined by Shyam Charan Gupta of SP and Pushpa Mishra of BJP. Voters turned up in large numbers at the polling booths here.At polling stations in villages like Lalapur and Bhauri in Manikpur, around 15% votes were polled by 10am. Polling officials said the figure was likely to go up.In 2007, Chitrakoot district had registered 42.19% voting, which was a sharp decline from 2002 when 50.77% votes were polled.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11956986", "title": "'WWICS one of the biggest culprits'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police have made a list of the applicants who were illegally sent by unscrupulous immigration companies abroad on work permit visa during the last few years. Police would determine their credentials to find out if there was anything fishy on the part of applicants.\"We have made a list of applicants who have been sent by illegal agents to foreign countries on work permit visa. WWICS is one of the biggest culprits and the maximum names have been collected from their Mohali office. We have also gathered their addresses and phone numbers,\" a police official told TOI. \"We will also probe the history of these applicants to find if there is anything objectionable on their part. Many of them are still abroad,\" he added.Police said they have confiscated some documentary proof substantiating that many applicants were sent abroad on the basis of fake documents. Chandigarh police sealed premises of 20 city-based travel agents accused of dealing with work permit visa without having any licence on February 2. Following this, they conducted raids at Mohali office of WWICS, which is an 18-year-old immigration company of this region.\"So far, we have opened the seals of over 10 offices and also arrested around seven persons,\" Anil Joshi, DSP (CID), who is heading the special investigation team constituted to probe the immigration racket, told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11957146", "title": "Murder case against inlaws", "text": "A murder case was registered on late Saturday night on the complaint of the victim's father after he alleged that 35-year-old Sukhpinder Kaur of Pinjore was murdered by her in-laws.Police said the woman had died a few ago and on Saturday night her father Inder Singh, who is from Patiala, approached them and got a case registered against the in-laws.\"Singh has alleged that his daughter was cremated without anybody being informed about it. The in-laws reportedly claimed that she had been unwell,\" said SHO of Pinjore police station Dharambir Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "11958056", "title": "Tortured youth escapes after 15 years of abuse", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Kidnapped from West Bengal by a truck driver, abused and sold in Punjab at nine, a youth has slipped away from his master's clutches in Punjab, after alleged torture for 15 years.Budhram, now 24, has taken shelter at the house of an anti-bonded labour activist in Phillaur. The victim alleged that he was tied to a cot and beaten up mercilessly when he asked for wages for 15 years. A neighbour of the farmer nursed him back to health and guided him to the labour office in Goraya, where he came in contact with an anti-bonded labour activist.Budhram told The Times of India over phone from his hiding, \"A truck driver from Punjab asked me to push his truck for starting the vehicle in Singhbhumi. As the truck started, I was dumped in the coal-laden lorry.\"Budhram was working as a child labourer in West Bengal in a coalfield, two kilometers away from his house, when he was kidnapped. Soon, he was brought to Punjab by the truck driver and sold to a farmer, who again sold him to another farmer a year later.The incident has surfaced a few days after a report from Bihar said that minor girls, trafficked from Haryana, were forced to dance naked there recently.The saviour of the kidnapped person in Phillaur is now preparing a legal case to approach the Punjab government for seeking justice, but said that a similar complaint earlier did not bear any fruit.Bonded-labourer activist Jay Singh said, \"It is a case of slavery as sale and purchase of a human being appears to have taken place.\"In case of Budhram also, the farmer who employed him as a bonded labourer let him return to his family after almost a decade of kidnapping, giving him just enough money to reach West Bengal on a promise that rest of the money will be paid once he returned to the employer. He returned for the sake of money, but had to suffer even more, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "farrukhabad", "code": "11957712", "title": "Farrukhabad witnesses 59% voters' turnout for 4 assembly seats", "text": "FARRUKHABAD: The four assembly seats of the district witnessed 59.25% polling on Sunday. Union minister Salman Khurshid's wife Louise Khurshid and former BJP minister Brahmdutt Dwivedi's nephew were also in the fray. In Sadar assembly, where Louise Khurshid was in the fray, 59% voters exercised their franchise.Louise had win in the 2002 state assembly election by defeating BJP's Sushil Shakya from Kayamganj seat, but she lost 2007 election to Kuldeep Singh Gangwar of BSP. After the seat was declared `reserved' in 2012 assembly election, Louis switched over to the Sadar seat. Similarly, major Sunil Dutt , nephew of former BJP minister Brahmdutt Dwivedi, was also in the fray from Farrukhabad's Sadar seat.In Kayamganj too, the voter turnout was an impressive 62%. Likewise, Bhojpur constituency also recorded 58% polling. Amritpur assembly constituency, from where two sitting MLAs were contesting, witnessed 58% turnout of voters. In rural Jarari belt under Bhojpur assembly voters, mostly Muslim women clad in `burqas', lined up at the polling booths within the first hour of polling.Meanwhile, Louise Khurshid had a narrow escape when a group of people allegedly resorted to brick-batting at Bibiganj polling booth under Farrukhabad's Sadar assembly constituency from where she was contesting.The protesters accused Louise of 'indulging in bogus voting' inside a booth at a primary school in Bibiganj after 5 pm deadline.As the main gate leading to the polling booth were closed and the people who were waiting for their turn were taken in, a group of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) workers gathered near the booth and raised slogans.Some protesters later resorted to brick-batting at Louise Khurshid.The protesters accused her of trying to influence voters and promoting bogus voting. Superintendent of police Mohit Gupta said he had been apprised of the incident which took place at a primary school in Bibiganj and further investigations were underway in this regard.\"I haven't yet received a formal complaint from Louise Khurshid,\" Gupta added. Anil Mishra, election agent of Louise Kurshid, also confirmed the incident.Uttar Pradesh Assembly ElectionsAssembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11954978", "title": "They are a happy family in the twilight of their lives", "text": "CHENNAI: Ambujam Narayanan, 84, sat there, garlanded and happy, as the priests chanted mantras and sprinkled the holy water. When hundreds of people came up to wish her, Ambujam eyes welled up. \"This is my family,\" she told herself, about the Anandam Old Age Home in Ambattur which organised a 'samashti sathabhishekam' for people who had no family or income.Sathabhishekam, the 80th birthday, is one of the most sacred ceremonies in Hindu families, but here they were, either abandoned by their kin or having lost them. As 22 such people had their sathabhishekam on Sunday, the old age home was celebrating the most poignant way, nine years of its own existence. Ambujam maami, as she is fondly called by residents, volunteers and visitors here, had shed enough tears in the past.After she lost her husband, a textile engineer, the home adopted her in 2005, along with her disabled daughter. Ninety days later, the daughter died of adisease she doesn't know. \"I never thought I would have a sathabhishekam,\" Ambujam said, her moist eyes smiling. Ambujam loved to sing and write when her daughter was alive. \"Now it's only bhajans,\" she says. A regular contributor to Tamil magazine 'Kalki,' she continues to read newspapers and magazines.Happier was Maragatham, 75, who turned a bride again 50 years after she married Srinivasan. The couple underwent the 'kalyanam' all over again as Srinivasan had turned 85 and qualified for the sathabhishekam. A bad investment of their life's savings into stocks resulted in the former chemical engineer-teacher couple losing everything- including relatives. Anandam adopted them in December, 2009.\"We don't have children and we couldn't live with our small pension. We knew our relatives will not take care of us if we fell sick,\" said Maragatham. \"We've never regretted the decision.\" She now takes singing classes from a teacher who visits the home once a week. \"I sing bhajans well,\" she added, as her husband, who is hard of hearing, leaned over to listen to her. As the grandpas and grandmas celebrated, a thousand volunteers and donors turned up to seek their blessings. There were two elderly women in the medical ward attached to the home, unable to sit through the ceremony. The priests went up to their beds to wish them a speedy recovery.Anandam home, started in 2003, has 93 elderly residents. Funded by corporates and individual donors, the home charges its residents nothing. \"Our only criteria for admission is that they should have no children or income. We give them the confidence to manage their daily chores and help each other. Some of them cook, some wash their clothes. For those who can't, there is always help,\" said Bhageerathy Ramamoorthy, a founding trustee and a former employee of Indian Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "11956006", "title": "It\u2019s people\u2019s victory, says Sena defector", "text": "NASHIK: Shiv Sena defector Ashok Murtadak, who was a corporator in the outgoing Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) and contested the elections on a Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) ticket, said his win over a Shiv Sena candidate was a victory of the people.\"The trend was obviously towards the MNS due to the charisma of party chief Raj Thackeray. Our opponent had resorted to money and muscle power, but the electorate was educated and accepted me,\" Murtadak, who won from ward 7 (B) in Panchavati division, said.Mutardak was elected on a Shiv Sena ticket for three consecutive terms to NMC. He quit the Shiv Sena three months ago and joined the MNS. He was disappointed with the Shiv Sena as he had not received \"opportunities\" in the party and felt neglected. Hence, Murtadak joined the MNS and contested from the general category in Panchavati division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "11955413", "title": "Quite happy with city's talent: Shebby", "text": "NAGPUR: The picture of India's football arena, in general, and Nagpur's, in particular, has always been dominated by the street heroes-players who have learnt the nitty-gritties of the game themselves. The twice-an-year football fever in the city, too, is quite a timely affair when Nagpur Premier League or NDFA Super League are in full sail. That, too, has been dominated by foreign recruits as the local ones have always been more of a miss than a hit.Amidst all the hullaballoo, the thought of harboring city's young talent has taken a back seat. Thankfully for the city lads, Blackburn Rovers Junior League for the Under-12 players is reprieving the budding ones-Spotting new and 'bold' talent playing the beautiful game and harnessing them for the future. The initiative taken by Blackburn Rovers in association with School Sports Programme comes in as a breathe of fresh air.Just one month after the commencement of this four-month first season, Shebby Singh, head of football development in Asia, is more than happy with the talent they have sniffed in the city. \"These kids are quite flashy when on field I must say. Nagpur has a core and rich talent. I am happy with the progress. We actually are looking for such bold budding kids. Plans are also underway to set up a Blackburn Rovers Academy in Nagpur,\" said Singh, while talking to TOI during his recent visit to the city.The U-12 inter-school league at present comprises 12 city schools with the matches happening every Saturday. The league, which is based on a format similar to that of Premier Leagues in Europe, promises to get bigger and better.\"We plan to spend about Rs 1,200 per player per season. We have a proper team at place which will spot the talented kids for further grooming which will happen in Pune. From the selected lads, we'll further raise the bar and pick up a group of boys who'll be trained at Blackburn Academy in England,\" revealed Singh.The one-and-a-half-year programme promises to churn out a rich haul of talent by July 2013. \"The first season is underway at six different cities at present including Delhi and Pune. We vow to start the second season in more than 20 cities of India,\" he added.Presently, Saint Francis De Sale (SFS) High School are topping the charts with 10 points in as many matches while Anjuman are following them closely with nine points.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "11954918", "title": "Homeless in city shun night shelters, continue to sleep rough", "text": "CHENNAI: Sarasa, in her mid-50s, was born, brought up and married off on Stringer Street in Parry's Corner. The street is her home and it shelters many like her. A year after the city corporation opened a night shelter on Ibrahim Street, a 20-minute walk from Stringer Street, hundreds of families like Sarasa's continue to live and sleep on the streets around Parry's Corner.Night shelters divide their families, are unsafe, and are too far from places of work, say the homeless. Last week, a Supreme Court-appointed monitoring committee visited shelters for the homeless in the city. It is likely to submit its report by the end of the month. According to a report submitted by the state to the Supreme Court, the city requires 66 shelters, but has only 15. Though the shelters have electricity, drinking water, food and bedding, only 550 of the city's 11,116 homeless use them. The homeless say night shelters do not help them. \"When we leave the shelter, our families become homeless for the day. If we keep moving, we will lose our belongings, including our ration cards,\" says R Bhavani, who lives on the pavement of Stringer Street.There is also the issue of safety. \"Most shelters lack security. What if another inmate gets drunk and attacks my children? On the streets, we are a huge community and protect each other,\" says Sarasa.Most night shelters are open halls on two floors, one for women and the other for men. \"It's like a hostel. We sleep next to people we hardly know,\" says Sarasa. Family shelters have been recommended by both NGOs and Supreme Court guidelines. The corporation runs one family shelter at Kannappar Thidal in north Chennai. Though the shelter faces problems, including inadequate toilets, it is a successful model, says an NGO worker.Corporation sources say most homeless people have got housing allotments in Thoraipakkam and Semmenchery, but refuse to move. \"They complain it is a long commute to their place of work in the city,\" says an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "mirzapur", "code": "11955215", "title": "Glory Lost To Utter Negligence", "text": "MIRZAPUR: Chunar, a big township of Mirzapur district, is on the verge of losing its past glory. It sounds shocking but a place once famous for the manufacturing of beautiful ceramic flower pots, tea sets, pickle jars and many more articles is now struggling for a new identity as utter negligence has compelled the local artisans to switch to idol making to earn a living.Located on Varanasi Mirzapur highway, Chunar Township has been housing a large population of Prajapati fraternity for centuries. The same fraternity had started the manufacturing of ceramic pottery. After Independence, it had emerged as a big hub to fulfill the demand for ceramic flower pots, tea sets, utensils, pickle jar and many other articles for daily use not only for this region but also for major part of the country.By viewing the closed ceramic pottery manufacturing units of this area, anyone can estimate how the artisans of this area had once enjoyed a good time. But, now leaving such units to convert into ruins, the artisans are bound to develop new workshops at their homes for making the idols of Hindu deities and saints out of Plaster of Paris. Ashok Prajapati, a middle aged artisan, recalled: \"There were 200 families engaged in this cottage-cum-small scale industry and all of them had their own manufacturing unit. When the industry was at its peak in eighties and early nineties, the average monthly income of each artisan was not less than Rs 6,000.\"But, with the increasing price of coal, used as fuel for operating all these units, the condition of industry started deteriorating. Santosh Prajapati, another artisan, said: \"We continued meeting the public representatives with the demand to ensure availability of coal on subsidised price. But, no government official paid attention towards our demand.\"This reason started increasing the cost of products. But the buyers in open market were not ready to pay the increased amount and the orders received by the local artisans in bulk from hotel industry and pottery market of the state and country reduced massively. When the artisans started facing hardship and problems in feeding their families, they started searching for other options and decided to switch over to manufacturing of idols with Plaster of Paris.Prem Kumar, an artisan, said this shift of artisans surely helped in their survival but a large number of artisans who were not ready to work with Plaster of Paris and continue in ceramic works started migrating to places like Khurja where the ceramic industry was flourishing. The artisan said presently only one ceramic manufacturing unit was operating in Chunar.At a place where the chimneys of ceramic pottery manufacturing units used to spread fumes, the chimneys of brick kilns are visible over several kilometres. And, the artisans, who used to run towards the passenger vehicles stopping at Chunar market with their ceramic products, now try to attract the same passengers and buyers with Plaster of Paris idols. The demand for such idols increases at the time of festivals like Diwali only.The artisans said if the government would draw its attention towards the demand of providing coal on subsidised price, the industry could still be revived as the basic infrastructure and manufacturing units were still available.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "11955783", "title": "Kingfisher says will resume services soon", "text": "KOLKATA: Under the scanner of aviation watchdog agency Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) and glare of angry passengers and members of travel trade fraternity for its sudden suspension of operations at Kolkata airport, Kingfisher Airlines clarified that it did not intend to shut down any station, including Kolkata.Admitting that flights had been disrupted on Saturday morning, the airline's spokesperson based in Mumbai said the problem would continue for four days due to unexpected events, including bird strikes, which rendered aircraft out of service.\"We could only operate 208 daily flights on Saturday due to paucity of air-worthy aircraft. The speculative queries that we are reducing our operating schedule from 240 flights a day are ill-founded as we will operate the full schedule on our booking system within the next four days,\" company vice-president Prakash Mirpuri said in a statement issued late on Saturday night.According to information available with TOI, an Airbus A-320 did suffer a bird hit on the Udaipur-Delhi route on Friday, leading to cancellation of at least five sectors the following day. Kolkata, which was already witnessing strife by unpaid employees, got the axe. That is perhaps why the sectors in which ATR aircraft operate - Bhubaneswar, Bagdogra, Aizwal and Dhaka - were also taken off the network.Of the 60 aircraft fleet comprising A-320, A-321 and ATR, less than two dozen are in operation with most of the rest grounded due to technical snags that the airline has been unable to attend to due to cash flow problems.While Mirpuri claimed that the flights would begin operations in four days since the disruption or Tuesday, February 22,no flights out of Kolkata figure on the ticketing sites till February 29. Even on that date, only three flights - to Delhi, Mumbai and Bangkok - are open for bookings.The official confirmed that the airline's bank accounts were attached by tax authorities. \"This has happened in the past not just to us but also to Air India.We have resolved issues before and will do so again. We havehad a good meeting with our consortium of banks who have accepted, in principle, the viability study prepared by SBI Capital markets and independent consultants. Our request for additional working capital has been acknowledged by the consortium and is subject to individual bank approvals,\" Mirpuri added.Meanwhile, the airline is paying its staff an advance of around Rs 10,000 till it is able to garner working capital and pay the salaries for December 2011 and January 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11974894", "title": "Saguni song in Poland", "text": "The team of Saguni has recently returned from Europle, where they picturised a song on the lead actors Karthi and Pranitha.They have shot this song in the exotic locales in Poland, which is said to be a complete treat for all the fans. The song has been composed by G V Prakash and is said to be a complete romantic number that complements the location chosen. Poland has been a favourite for many Hollywood films, with many James Bond films as well as Steven Spielberg's Schindler's List being shot there. The film also stars Santhanam, Radhika Sarathkumar, Naseer and Roja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11956051", "title": "Chhattisgarh wants rail corridor in forest", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hasdev Arand, one of the densest patches of forests in Chhattisgarh, has several coal blocks locked beneath. Previous environment minister Jairam Ramesh had rejected proposals to open some of them, permitting mining only on the fringes. But the Chhattisgarh government has now moved a proposal to set up an Industrial Rail Corridor which would fragment the forests and link up the coal blocks.The 453-km corridor is proposed as a public-private partnership venture with an investment of Rs 4,500 crore and it has already got the nod from the Union railway ministry and Planning Commission for three proposed passenger and freight rail corridors in the state.The proposal is yet to reach the stage where the Union environment and forests ministry considers it under either the environmental or forests clearance process but a memorandum of understanding between the state government and the railway ministry is expected to be signed at the end of the month.Chief minister Raman Singh has hailed the corridor as a step towards development of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes-dominated areas of the state though the primary purpose of the project is to ferry coal out of the forest zone. \"The proposed three corridors include a north, east and east-west corridor, all of which would essentially serve to connect the coal mining areas in the state,\" a state government release on the project said.The dense forest patch includes coal blocks such as Morga, Paturia, Gidhmuri, Tara, Parsa, Kante Besan, Madanpur, Nakiya and Syang. Clearances for these were opposed by the statutory Forest Advisory Committee of the environment ministry but the then minister gave the nod to three -- Tara, Parsa and Kante Besan on the grounds that these were on the fringe of Hasdev Arand and no new transportation linkages cutting through forests were required.But an approval for the industrial rail lines could now hand a fait-accompli to the environment ministry, forcing it to later open up the coal blocks too, some of which are allocated to private players. The existing regulations do not require the environment ministry to look at projects in totality which permits state government to apply separately for coal mining projects and then the mandatory infrastructure like transport lines. Often in the past, the ministry, and even the judiciary, has cleared projects based on the logic of sunk investments which could now leave Hasdev Arand vulnerable as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11955750", "title": "Tariff revision: Discoms seek steep hikes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The sky seems to be the limit for Delhi's power distribution utilities who have now demanded hefty hikes in tariff for the financial year 2012-13 in their annual revenue requirement petitions to the Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission.While the north Delhi discom, Tata Delhi Power, has sought a hike of 18%, BSES Rajdhani wants a hike of 20% and BSES Yamuna has asked for a 27% increase. And this is not the end as these hikes are not inclusive of past-year dues, which DERC had already conceded to the power companies. Last year, when the new tariff was announced, the commission had declared that the three discoms had a collective gap of Rs 6,000 crore, out of which Rs 1,200 crore was recovered through a 22% hike in tariff. The regulator had stated that the remaining Rs 4,800 crore would have to be recovered by discoms in the next three years.\"The hikes sought by the discoms for next year are not inclusive of this gap. Their tariff petitions will be studied and accordingly a tariff revision will be announced in due time,\" said a senior DERC official. Depending on how many years the Rs 4,800-crore gap will be spread over, the overall hike Delhi can expect in 2012-13 will be more than 20%, say experts. \"The hike in 2011-12 was 22% to cover a Rs 1,200-crore gap, and according to that formula, the current hike will be at least 20%, plus an addition of how much the regulator allows for the projected gap of 2012-13,'' said an official. In addition to this, discoms have also asked for their true-up costs for 2010-11, which has so far been denied to them.\"Last year, the regulator trued up discoms' gaps for 2008-09, 2009-10 and projected gap for 2011-12 which came out to be Rs 6,000 crores to be recovered by them through tariff. While Rs 1,200 crores was adjusted in the 21.77% tariff hike of 2011-12, the regulator said that the remaining revenue gap of Rs 4,800 crores would be adjusted in next three or four years in installments by way of tariff. However, this amount did not include discoms' revenue gap for 2010-11 which is will be trued up by DERC in this tariff order,'' said sources, adding this amount was estimated to be approxiomately Rs 3000 crores. Collectively, the projected gap for fy 2012-13, the past dues of Rs 4,800 crores and the true-up for fy 2010-11 are set to give consumer's a big shock when the new tariffs are announced. The regulator will hold a public hearing in a few months and take consumer feedback before announcing new tariffs. Other factors like power purchase adjustment formula will also be incorporated in the tariff order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "11956786", "title": "At MSU, commerce faculty to adopt CBCS", "text": "VADODARA: After dragging its feet for long, M S University's Faculty of Commerce has finally decided to adopt choice based credit system (CBCS) from the forthcoming academic year. The university's biggest faculty will also offer more choices of specializations for students.The faculty took these decisions during a faculty board meeting on Saturday.\"We have decided to introduce CBCS for first year Bachelor of Commerce (BCom) students from academic year 2012-13. The system will be progressively adopted for second and third BCom,\" Faculty of Commerce dean professor Parimal Vyas told TOI on Sunday.In terms of specializations so far, BCom students could take up specializations in marketing, human resource, accountancy and banking.Now, students will be able to take up three more specializations. The Department of Co-operative Management and Rural Studies will offer specialization in Rural Entrepreneurship and Management and the Department of Business Economics two specializations - Financial Economics and Open Economy and International Business.Under the present semester system, in order to get a bachelor's degree a student has to earn 108 credits from 36 courses (subjects/papers) that he/she pursues during the three years of bachelors. Now, as per Gujarat government guidelines for CBCS, a student will have to earn 120 credits from total 40 papers to get a BCom degree.\"A first year BCom student will have to earn credits from 12 subjects including four core compulsory courses and eight core foundation courses. Similarly, a second year BCom student will have to earn credits from 10 core compulsory courses, one core elective (specialization) course and one inter-disciplinary course while a third year B Com student will have to take up eight core compulsory courses, one core elective (specialization), one inter-disciplinary course and one open elective course,\" said Vyas.Also, Department of Commerce and Business Management will be introducing a paper on business ethics and retailing management and Department of Accounting and Financial Management will be introducing two papers on accounting and finance for services and income tax return preparation.\"We will be adding inter-disciplinary papers like developing professional skills in English and soft skills with the support of Department of English while papers like statistics for economics and finance and management decision theory will come from Department of Statistics,\" said Vyas. \"In third year, students can also take up English for competitive exams and introduction to English literature or subjects like statistics for market analysis.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "11956261", "title": "City to face power cut", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For Amdavadis who are not used to power cuts, this would come as an inconvenience. Torrent Power Limited has brought out a notice informing shutdown between 10 am and 5 pm on February 21-22.At least 12 sub-stations in the city will be shut down on Tuesday and nine on Wednesday.Torrent officials have claimed maintenance and upgradation works as reasons behind the cuts. The power company has, however, notified that the cuts will improve transmission facilities to citizens. \"The power cuts are distributed over two days to reduce inconvenience to residents,\" said a senior Torrent Power official.On Tuesday, societies in the west zone around Paras Bungalow under Auda garden Prahladnagar sub-station and Panchtirth Society under Jodhpurgam Road sub-station will face power cuts. In neighbouring Ghatlodia, shutdown is expected around Swastik Bungalows, Ganeshdham Bungalows, Dutt Bungalows, Shivam Bungalows, Ganeshdham Complex and Madhav Complex. The biggest stretch to be affected will be areas in Danilimda and Narol. In Narol, Kothari compound, Guardian Glass HT, Narol court, leprosy hospital, Ambuja Synthetic and Vimal Chemicals, whereas in Rabari colony, areas like Maruti Dham, Mint Engineering and Rameshwar Park will have no electricity on Tuesday.In Amraiwadi, Ashapuranagar, Baliyanagar, Bhilwada, Shrinath estate and Shankarnagar will have to do without electricity on Tuesday.On Wednesday, cuts will be restricted to a few places. But, the biggest stretch that will be affected come under Chandlodiya and Gota sub-station. This station supplies electricity to areas like Vande Matram city, Siddhi Vinayak, Shayona Tilak, ICB Park, Chandlodiya wells, Vidyut Park and Shukan Gold.On Ring Road, Neelkanth Society, Shreenath estate, Shivshakti estate and Uday industrial estate in Odhav area will have no power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "11957470", "title": "Liver transplant over, Anushka set to join playschool shortly", "text": "PATNA: Anushka underwent liver transplantation when she was one year old. Now she's two and half years old and her parents -- Rashmi and Samir -- want her to join play school.She's extremely mischievous and smart. She's the first girl child of Bihar to undergo liver transplant. And probably the youngest child of Bihar to undergo such a transplant.Her parents are from Gaya. Anushka had developed jaundice when she was one month old and was referred to paediatric liver specialist at a Gurgaon-based hospital, Dr Neelam Mohan.\"She was diagnosed to have biliary atresia (congenital absence of bile duct) following a liver biopsy. Though bypass surgery can be performed in patients of biliary atresia we could not offer that to Anushka as she had advanced liver disease and her liver had already become cirrhotic,\" said Dr Mohan.\"If this disease is recognized early and surgery is offered within four to six weeks it has good results; beyond eight to 10 weeks the results are poor and liver gets cirrhotic,\" she told TOI.Biliary atresia is the commonest congenital liver problem in children, seen in one in 20,000-25,000 babies, it presents as jaundice within the first few days of life and is associated with dark urine and clay stools. Usually a liver biopsy is required to diagnose it, she added.When her parents learnt that she had cirrhosis, they were obviously upset and they wanted to do their best to save their child. Gradually, Anushka's condition worsened and when she was one year old, her father donated 20% of his liver to save his daughter.Today Anushka's parents are grateful to Dr Mohan who was invited to talk on issues related to jaundice in children and she addressed more than 400 pediatric doctors who had gathered to attend the annual conference of the Bihar State Pedicon. Anushka cut a cake and everybody celebrated the success story on the occasion.Samir, who is a businessman at Gaya, is on cloud nine today. \"I had lost all hope after consulting so many doctors at Gaya, Patna and Ranchi. Finally, I rushed to the Gurgoan-based hospital for the treatment of my daughter,\" he told TOI on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "11958241", "title": "BIT annual fest unveiled", "text": "SINDRI: It was turn for the Mr and Ms Technocrats to be selected on BIT campus. Events like web-o mania, bridge making, bag making, software building, room-de-techies and rounds of robotics were additional attraction among the students. A national seminar on \"convergence of engineering education through information and communication technology\" will also be organized on Monday, the concluding day of three day fest.All these are happening at Tech Udbhav, the annual festival of BIT Sindri chapter of Institution of Electronics and Telecommunications Engineers (IETE) that began on a colourful note in the Deshpandey auditorium of the institute on Saturday evening.Inaugurating the fest, Ghanshyam called upon the students to cultivate innovative thinking and focus on research activities so as to remain prepared for facing global challenges. Innovation is the key word for the engineering world and engineering students must develop inquisitive attitude, he opined and said that always striving to satiate ones inquisitiveness leads to research and innovation.Research is the backbone of science and technology and lagging in research activities will prove the biggest impediment in making India a super power, he added and assured students to provide all assistance in their research projects.Pankaj Roy and Imteyaz Ahmed called upon the students for taking up project work of their choice and work them with full dedication under the guidance of concerned teachers for cultivating innovating thinking and assured all infrastructural and financial assistance from the institute for their project work. He advised students to organize technical paper presentation sessions and seminars on subject matters of their concern department wise on a regular interval to sharpen their presentation skill.Prof. Roy also advised final year students to donate their books to the departmental societies for the benefit of junior students thus creating treasure house of reference books for every department.After inauguration, technical paper presentation on risk management in industries, cryptography and network security, and construction challenges for skyscrapers was organized. Robotics, inter-branch technical quiz and Chalti Ka Naam Gadi, a competition aimed at testing the knowledge of first-year students, were also organized on the first day of the festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "11963291", "title": "Aakash 2 will be available at same price", "text": "NEW DELHI: 'Aakash', the world's cheapest tablet, will be fully indigenous soon and its improved version will be launched by the government at the same price.Telecom and HRD Minister Kapil Sibal said Datawind -- the manufacturer of the product -- will not be associated with it anymore and the Government has roped in C-DAC and ITI in further development of the tablet computer.\"There have been some problem with Datawind I must confess. Therefore, I have got into the act. IT Ministry has got C-DAC and ITI into the act and I am going to ensure that this product is fully indigenous and truly an Indian product,\" he said.On whether the new tablet will be available within the same price range as that of the earlier product, he said, \"Yes that's what we hope. It is to be upgraded.\"On the possible timeline for launching it, he said, \"Well, 2012 should seen the sun... Aakash-II should be launched. There have been some hiccups in the way. Remember when you do a project of this nature and when your dream is as big as this, things are never that smooth.\"Welcoming competition from market for development of the tablet, he said the ultimate objective is to give a quality product to the children.\"I think its a great thing if there is competition. Ultimately my objective is to get a quality product in the hands of the children. I have set the benchmark, it has changed the mindset of the world, I can tell you that,\" the Minister said.Everybody now wants to produce a tablet which is of quality and which is reasonably affordable, he noted.\"So if the whole world wants to produce, I don't care who produces, if ultimately it is produced by somebody for children,\" he underlined.The Aakash tablet is priced at approximately $49 (Rs 2414).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "brs nagar", "code": "11956681", "title": "This designer has an observant pen", "text": "BRS NAGAR: Observing mundane life gives Harleen Sona enough to write about. The budding author from BRS Nagar entered the world of publishing books with her work, 'Tere Tak', in November 2011, and her next work is ready for the world. Harleen is also working on a biography of a friend and poet who has been fighting illness in USA.\"I had never thought about writing until my husband's tragic demise, which changed the way I looked at my own life and of those around,\" she says. It made her read extensively and pen down her thoughts.An interior designer by profession, Harleen writes both in Punjabi and English, but most of her work is in Punjabi. \"I like to listen to people and observe their behaviour. That is what my works are based on,'' says Harleen, adding, \"The appreciation I received for 'Tere Tak' motivated me to do better.''Along with working on her poetry, she is writing a biography for a friend suffering in the USA. \"This friend is a poet too, and that is why I wanted to write her biography,'' says Harleen. The mother of two daughters, Rubani and Sana, has also penned many English poems and likes to read the works of Surjeet Patar, Amrita Pritam and Bulleh Shah. Harleen has her own mini-library of Punjabi and English literature at home and spends most of her time reading.Punjabi Sahit Akademi president Gurbhajan Singh Gill says Harleen is among the best budding Punjabi writers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "11956683", "title": "Polio immunization organised in state", "text": "JAIPUR: With an aim to immunize each and every child under five years of age against polio in the state, the government administered polio drops through 50,819 booths in cities and villages on Sunday.Announcements were made through loudspeakers installed in cycle rickshaws in the city slums to motivate parents to take their under five children to polio booths for vaccination. Polio drops were also administered at railway stations and bus stands in the state.The state government has stepped up efforts to ensure that no fresh polio case is found in future, as Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad has termed any new polio case as a public health emergency.The medical and family welfare department targeted immunization of all 1.13 crore children born in the last five years in the state. Rs 7.62 crore were spent under the National Pulse Polio Programme for 2012 for it. The one-day programme was inaugurated by chief minister Ashok Gehlot , who administered polio drops to one-and-half-year-old girl Palak at his residence on Sunday. Health minister A A Khan was also present.The last case of wild polio virus was reported on November 26, 2009, in the state. Since, then, no case has been found. \"No information of any problem in the polio campaign was reported in the state,\" a medical department official said. Monitoring of the campaign was handed over to senior officials of the department, he added.He said that in the entire country efforts are being made to eradicate polio virus from the country. In the last one year, no polio case has been found in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "noida/greater noida", "code": "11957525", "title": "High voter turnout predicted", "text": "NOIDA/GREATER NOIDA: With the first three phases of UP assembly polls showing a jump of 40 per cent in the number of voters as compared to the 2007 elections, the state election office has predicted that the same in Gautam Budh Nagar is likely to decide the fate of many candidates who have been winning by smaller margins.According to the state election office, about 46 per cent voting was recorded in the second phase of the last assembly polls in 2007. Ten districts of western UP, including Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad, saw less than 50 per cent turnout in 2007. However, the district administration claims that there will be a definite increase in voters' turnout this year. \"We identified certain areas in the district where there was low turnout in the past. The administration has conducted specific awareness programmes to make people realize the importance of exercising their franchise,\" said Hirdesh Kumar, district magistrate. According to the district administration, certain areas in Jewar saw low turnout in the past and the administration focused their efforts to educate voters in this assembly segment.So far, in the first three phases, 313 lakh voters have exercised their franchise as opposed to 221.07 lakh voters in the same regions, according to data compiled by the Election Commission. Anticipating a similar increase in the district, political parties contesting in Gautam Budh Nagar are looking to capitalize on these votes. For instance, parties have modified their campaign strategy to win over the 2.5 lakh urban voters in Noida. The Congress candidate, Dr VS Chauhan has been stressing on the need for better \"law and order arrangements\", ensuring \"better health care facilities, regular electricity supply across the city and Ganga water\".While many political commentators argue that this increased voter turnout can be attributed to Anna Hazare's crusade against corruption, BJP has been looking to convert the anti-corruption sentiment into votes. \"The Congress failed to pass the Lokpal Bill in Parliament, while the BJP was able to the pass the bill in Uttarakhand without any hassles. Mayawati pretended to be the messiah of the underprivileged and stole from them. BJP is the only option for people wanting honest governance,\" said Dr Mahesh Sharma, BJP candidate, Noida.However, BSP has been ardently countering the opposition parties by quoting the development work done by the government in the district. \"There are new jobs in the state because of Mayawati and they have benefitted everyone in the state irrespective of caste,\" said Satveer Singh Gujjar, BSP candidate, Jewar.UP assembly electionsAssembly elections news 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "11957822", "title": "VIPs early voting adds to city Central's glam quotient", "text": "LUCKNOW: Age was no barrier for 86-year-old, VM Tandon who came to PWD polling booth to cast his vote. \"My father is a firm believer that one vote can make a difference. Young ones who do not come forward and vote must take inspiration from him,\" said his son, Ravi.On Sunday, it was a mixed sight at various polling booths in Lucknow Central. From youth to elderly, people queued up at Lucknow Montessori Inter College to elect their representative. At 8.45 am, Governor BL Joshi and his wife entered the venue to cast their vote. The poll percentage varied from 35% to 50% depending upon the polling booth location. Two hours after the governor, chief minister Mayawati casted her vote at Lucknow Montessori Inter College. Talking to the media persons, she said: BSP government is standing on its own in all 403 constituencies. At places where we organised our rallies, people welcomed us and were excited. This indicates that BSP will come again and that too in full majority.''At PWD polling booth, BJP leader Rajnath Singh too exercised the right to franchise. He congratulated election commission for outing up such a wonderful show. The increase in polling percentage is because of the massive awareness created by election commission,'' said he.Lucknow Central pulled a large number of first timers and young voters. \"I was excited to vote for the first time. I discussed with my parents about the party that can help in developing the state, and then took a decision,\" said Shristi Sharma pursuing BCom from Lucknow University. The constituency has 7,314 first time voters and 1,66,302 young voters (20-39).Though most of the market was shut in Hazratganj and adjoining areas, the scene at Old City was completely opposite. People here carried out their routine lives. At a polling booth in Chopatiya, people queued up to cast their vote. \"All we want here is a party that can think of the common man. We need basic necessities such as power, roads and pure drinking water,\" said Nusrat Alam, a housewife.In city's Aminabad locality, election commission officials were elated with the huge turnout. \"There was a long queue since morning. It only ended two hours before the polling was to end. There was a continuous flow of people here,\" said an EC official at Mahila Mahavidylaya. According to him, the poll percentage of that booth was nearly 40%. At Red Hill School, a polling booth in Gokhale Marg, there was a polling webcast.The constituency is witnessing a quadrangular fight among BJP's sitting MLA Vidya Sagar Gupta, Fakhir Siddiqui of the Congress, who lost 2007 elections by 250 votes, SP candidate Ravidas Mehrotra, who has 17 criminal cases pending against him and BSP's Naseem Siddiqui, a first-timer from Aminabad.Uttar Pradesh Assembly Elections 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-02-20"}
